===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jill Sawyer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jill Sawyer: Thank you, Amy. Good evening. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's first quarter 2025 earnings conference Call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Federal's Chief Executive Officer; Dan Guglielmone, Chief Financial Officer; Wendy Seher, Eastern Region President and Chief Operating Officer; and Jan Sweetnam, Chief Investment Officer as well as other members of our executive team that are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results, including guidance. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued tonight, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and operational results. Given the number of participants on the call, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question during the Q&A portion of the call. If you have additional questions, please re-queue. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood. Don?
Donald: Thank you, Jill, and welcome to your first Federal Realty conference call. We are excited that you're here. At $1.70 per share, the first quarter was another strong one for the trust. It was ahead of our consensus, our internal expectations and the prior year. So it's probably a good time to remind everybody of the historical correlation between uncertain economic times and the performance of real estate surrounded by an affluent customer base and loss of density, more uncertainty economy better we tend to do. Wendy Seher, our President of the East Coast along with Dan G are going to go through the detail of those results this evening. It will be her first foray into prepared remarks on the earnings call, so she comes. They'll center on operations, so mine will focus on the broader economic and capital allocation landscape that we're operating in since the new administration took over in January. The headlines in the stock market performance seem to settle down a bit over the past week or so, at least until today, up until an hour ago in sharp contrast to the first few weeks of April, but we're clearly in a really unpredictable time. The bottom line though is that we have not seen any negative impact to our property leasing or consumer behavior as a result of the administration's actions and policies as we sit here on May 8th. In fact, April saw a year-over-year foot traffic at Federal's properties in the Washington DC MSA up 6% year-over-year, up 3% at Santana Row, up 11% at Federal's properties in Boston. Consumer in our markets including Washington DC have been remarkably resilient. Obviously ongoing government layoff announcements combined with a whipsaw tariff policy can possibly be a good thing for business investment consumer confidence and will likely lead to broader inflationary pressure later this year and next, but we haven't seen or felt it yet. It's also why the high household incomes are so important to the future. First of all, it has always been our job to insulate our company as best we can against changing economic conditions and other disruptive forces. After all this is and always has been a cyclical business. The way we've done this is by having an extremely diverse tenant base. Our largest tenant by ABR is TJX, which makes up 2.6% of our base rent and is considered a likely net beneficiary amid the economic uncertainty triggered by the tariffs. Our number two is grocer Ahold, who makes up another 1.9%. Don't underestimate how important tenant diversity is. In addition, we've set ourselves up well by being very selective in choosing the best operator in each category with strong credit whether that be restaurants, fashion, services or other. We get sales reporting from about 50% of our tenants, strong representative sample and their overall cost of occupancy is about 9% of sales, only 10% excluding grocers, making rent obligations affordable and with room to spare. Tenants can by and large still pay the rent continue to pursue further growth for the best real estate. We're here to partner with our retailers to help them grow and as a landlord strength of our leases and tenant quality and credit quality protect us on the downside. And, yes, perhaps most importantly, we've worked to insulate our company by owning real estate that leans in heavily towards strong household income. Quality metric that is fundamental to our core as cycle after cycle favors affluence when considering the ability to power through. Bottom line, we are well set up to continue to grow even if the landscape continues to evolve unpredictably. We closely monitor the political and economic policy environment through the weekly, throughout the week and sometimes daily changes as well as to continually dialogue with our retail partners. In the meantime, continue to run our business aggressively and with purpose. Before turning it over to Wendy, I also wanted to make a few comments about capital allocation choices and how we're considering them in this environment. In terms of transaction market, it should come as no surprise that the April 2nd tariff announcements including the changes made every week since along with the related capital markets uncertainties have had a profound effect on buyer's ability to underwrite and evaluate opportunities with the level of confidence that they've become accustomed to. In our view, while the volatility of the last five weeks shouldn't in and of themselves kill deals that make sense for the organization in the medium and long-term, they do require underwriting and capital allocation decisions that take into account the different risk profile that reduce predictability brings. 10-year IRRs are disproportionately hit by disruptions in the first couple of years. As the year progresses, we'll continue to look forward and aggressively pursue opportunities that fit that risk adjusted criteria. I think we'll be successful in finding them. And while our clear bias is to grow our company through the acquisition development of great retail real estate, buying back our own stock wins out when the spread between that investment and other alternatives gets to what. It's important for our investors to know that we consider prudent capital allocation decisions to be at the very top of our list of responsibilities. That's all I wanted to cover in prepared remarks this afternoon. So I'll turn it over to Wendy Seher for her prepared remarks on the quarter and expectations for the rest of the year. Wendy?
Wood: Thank you, Jill, and welcome to your first Federal Realty conference call. We are excited that you're here. At $1.70 per share, the first quarter was another strong one for the trust. It was ahead of our consensus, our internal expectations and the prior year. So it's probably a good time to remind everybody of the historical correlation between uncertain economic times and the performance of real estate surrounded by an affluent customer base and loss of density, more uncertainty economy better we tend to do. Wendy Seher, our President of the East Coast along with Dan G are going to go through the detail of those results this evening. It will be her first foray into prepared remarks on the earnings call, so she comes. They'll center on operations, so mine will focus on the broader economic and capital allocation landscape that we're operating in since the new administration took over in January. The headlines in the stock market performance seem to settle down a bit over the past week or so, at least until today, up until an hour ago in sharp contrast to the first few weeks of April, but we're clearly in a really unpredictable time. The bottom line though is that we have not seen any negative impact to our property leasing or consumer behavior as a result of the administration's actions and policies as we sit here on May 8th. In fact, April saw a year-over-year foot traffic at Federal's properties in the Washington DC MSA up 6% year-over-year, up 3% at Santana Row, up 11% at Federal's properties in Boston. Consumer in our markets including Washington DC have been remarkably resilient. Obviously ongoing government layoff announcements combined with a whipsaw tariff policy can possibly be a good thing for business investment consumer confidence and will likely lead to broader inflationary pressure later this year and next, but we haven't seen or felt it yet. It's also why the high household incomes are so important to the future. First of all, it has always been our job to insulate our company as best we can against changing economic conditions and other disruptive forces. After all this is and always has been a cyclical business. The way we've done this is by having an extremely diverse tenant base. Our largest tenant by ABR is TJX, which makes up 2.6% of our base rent and is considered a likely net beneficiary amid the economic uncertainty triggered by the tariffs. Our number two is grocer Ahold, who makes up another 1.9%. Don't underestimate how important tenant diversity is. In addition, we've set ourselves up well by being very selective in choosing the best operator in each category with strong credit whether that be restaurants, fashion, services or other. We get sales reporting from about 50% of our tenants, strong representative sample and their overall cost of occupancy is about 9% of sales, only 10% excluding grocers, making rent obligations affordable and with room to spare. Tenants can by and large still pay the rent continue to pursue further growth for the best real estate. We're here to partner with our retailers to help them grow and as a landlord strength of our leases and tenant quality and credit quality protect us on the downside. And, yes, perhaps most importantly, we've worked to insulate our company by owning real estate that leans in heavily towards strong household income. Quality metric that is fundamental to our core as cycle after cycle favors affluence when considering the ability to power through. Bottom line, we are well set up to continue to grow even if the landscape continues to evolve unpredictably. We closely monitor the political and economic policy environment through the weekly, throughout the week and sometimes daily changes as well as to continually dialogue with our retail partners. In the meantime, continue to run our business aggressively and with purpose. Before turning it over to Wendy, I also wanted to make a few comments about capital allocation choices and how we're considering them in this environment. In terms of transaction market, it should come as no surprise that the April 2nd tariff announcements including the changes made every week since along with the related capital markets uncertainties have had a profound effect on buyer's ability to underwrite and evaluate opportunities with the level of confidence that they've become accustomed to. In our view, while the volatility of the last five weeks shouldn't in and of themselves kill deals that make sense for the organization in the medium and long-term, they do require underwriting and capital allocation decisions that take into account the different risk profile that reduce predictability brings. 10-year IRRs are disproportionately hit by disruptions in the first couple of years. As the year progresses, we'll continue to look forward and aggressively pursue opportunities that fit that risk adjusted criteria. I think we'll be successful in finding them. And while our clear bias is to grow our company through the acquisition development of great retail real estate, buying back our own stock wins out when the spread between that investment and other alternatives gets to what. It's important for our investors to know that we consider prudent capital allocation decisions to be at the very top of our list of responsibilities. That's all I wanted to cover in prepared remarks this afternoon. So I'll turn it over to Wendy Seher for her prepared remarks on the quarter and expectations for the rest of the year. Wendy?
Wendy Seher: Thank you, Don. As many of you know, I spend most of my time interacting with our retail partners, driving revenue for the company focused on our day-to-day operating metrics, including asset management, leasing, tenant coordination and redevelopment. You've typically only heard prepared remarks from Don and Dan, but I wanted to take the opportunity to provide my observations on current market dynamics and how I think our centers are positioned to perform for the year. First, let's talk about Q1. We're off to a strong start this year providing results that outperformed what we had expected for the quarter. Our comparable portfolio ended the quarter at 95.9% leased, 160 basis points higher than last year's first quarter results. In all, our comparable lease rate dropped only 20 basis points quarter-over-quarter, signaling higher retention and less move outs than we expected. With minimal or no exposure to some of the retail bankruptcy headlines of today such as Jo-Ann's, Big Lots, Rite Aid or Party City, our strong lease rate speaks to the strength of the real estate and the best-in-class retailers that occupy our centers. From what I'm seeing at the property level today, we're well positioned with both in-place contracts and a strong pipeline to deliver higher occupancy in the second half of 2025. We executed 91 retail leases, representing 430,000 square feet for the quarter, including the company's first lifetime fitness deal at Santana Row. As expected, our leasing volume has normalized due to our high leased occupancy rates, while rent rollover was a modest 6% for the quarter. This rollover rate does not represent a trend, but is more driven by the mix of deals executed this quarter. As I look both at our executed deals this second quarter plus our in-process pipeline, I would expect our rollover will be somewhere in the mid-teens for the next couple of quarters. I remain encouraged with respect to the level of tenant demand as we've seen no meaningful impact on the uncertain economic environment. In fact, our executed leases since quarter end are well above our normal historic pace and we continue to see opportunities to push both small shop and anchor rents including annual increases as well as produce non-financial terms that can deliver meaningful value for the midterm and long-term horizon. Contractual bumps this quarter were 2.4% blended both anchor and small shop, which is quite strong. Some of the momentum is certainly being driven by the limited inventory, but mostly the demand is being driven by our signature amenitized locations surrounded by high household incomes. A great example of this is the new Bloomie's small format concept that just opened at The Grove in affluent Shrewsbury, New Jersey. Bloomie's is outperforming even their own expectations and this traffic and sales production has enabled us to push small shop rents well beyond what we underwrote. No sign of a weakening tenant -- weakening consumer, excuse me, in Shrewsbury strong household income really does matter. There is so much conflicting information out there on consumer confidence and tenant performance. I really focus on three key metrics. Well-located real estate, high income areas and strong retail sales. This combination creates a solid foundation in any market climate. I looked at a few of our tenants that report sales publicly TJX, CAVA, Old Navy, [indiscernible] and Anthropologie and I compared their national sales on average with our average portfolio sales. Across the board, Federal Realty properties exceeded national averages anywhere from 15% to 40%. This doesn't even take into account the e-commerce halo effect of brick-and-mortar locations. Remember, higher sales disproportionately enhance store profitability. This measurement is not perfect, but it does signal the strength of the real estate and our ability to drive rents, which really is just a function of sales. A diversified retailer race is how I feel comfortable that we are prepared for the near-term as well as the long-term. Lastly, I did want to talk about our current discussions with retailers and navigating the changing tariff landscape. As our retail partners have reminded me, sophisticated retailers have been diversifying their supply channels for over five years now and have been navigating tariffs for years beyond that. I don't want to suggest it will be business as usual, of course not. But until there is some clarity on where tariffs land, the retailers that we have spoken to have not made any material changes to either their open to buy requirements or their capital expenditures. We will continue to monitor this and get feedback as we head into our Vegas convention in a couple of weeks. Stay tuned. Dan?
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you, Wendy, and hello everyone. Our reported NAREIT FFO per share for the first quarter of $1.70 came in at the top end of our guidance range and represented almost 4% growth on a per share basis. Revenues were up 6% and POI was up almost 5% for the quarter on a year-over-year basis. Primary drivers for the solid 1Q performance were one, lower than expected credit reserve utilization, which highlights our lack of any material exposure to bankrupt tenants. Two, higher rental revenue than we had forecast and lower G&A due to ongoing focus on cost controls. This was somewhat offset by higher than expected property expenses, primarily driven by snow. Comparable POI growth excluding prior period rents and term fees came in at 2.8% for the first quarter, which is better than the mid 2% range we had forecasted on the February call. Comparable base rents were up 3% and comparable total revenues up 4% for the quarter on a year-over-year basis. A quick update on office leasing for the quarter, where we continue to see very, very positive momentum. 118,000 square feet of total leases with signed new deals at Santana West for over 60,000 square feet during the quarter with starting base rents north of $50 per square foot. We remain optimistic that Santana West will be nearly fully leased by the end of the year. We also added an additional 27,000 square feet of leases at 915 Meeting Street at Pike & Rose also north of $50 where we expect to be stabilized at 96% leased by the end of this quarter. With respect to our in-place mixed use office portfolio, occupancy leased occupancy now stands at 98% with a weighted average lease term in excess of eight years. Now to the balance sheet and an update on our liquidity position. In March, we refinanced our $600 million term loan effectively extending the final maturity out to February of 2030, while expanding the size of the loan to $750 million. We increased the loan by $150 million by adding a delayed draw feature, which we expect to take down by year end, while also improving pricing on the loan by reducing the effective spread by 10 bps. As a result, this has allowed us to improve our liquidity at quarter end to roughly $1.5 billion with over $1.2 billion available on our unsecured credit facility, over $100 million of cash and $150 million available under the new term loan. During the quarter, we took down our remaining forward common equity totaling $55 million of gross proceeds previously raised at a share price north of $115 per share. This was effectively utilized to fund a portion of $123.5 million purchase of Del Monte Shopping Center in Monterey, California. During the quarter, as a result, our leverage metrics remained in line with our forecast. First quarter annualized net debt to EBITDA stands at 5.7 times, down from 6 times as reported on this call last year. We are targeting improving that metric over 2025 to be inside of our targeted 5.5 times level. Fixed charge coverage now stands at 3.8 times, up from 3.5 times at this time last year. We expect this metric to continue to improve toward our 4 times target over the course of 2025. We have made significant progress on our asset disposition efforts over the first quarter as well. We are actively in the market with over $250 million of assets at various stages in the sale process. Currently, we have approximately $150 million under a firm contract with a blended yield in the upper 5% cap rate range. We will report details on these transactions when completed. From a capital flexibility perspective with roughly $1.5 billion of capacity, plus the aforementioned asset sales and process, we are very well positioned and ready to take advantage of any market dislocation, whether it be in the acquisition market or with respect to repurchasing our stock, which currently trades north of a 7% implied cap rate. To that end, on April 10th, our Board authorized a $300 million common share repurchase program given the significant volatility, which has impacted the capital markets earlier in the quarter. Now onto guidance. Given a solid first quarter landing at the top end of our $1.67 to $1.70 range, we are raising our forecast for FFO per share to $7.11 to $7.23. This represents about 6% growth at the increased midpoint of $7.17 and roughly 5% and 7% at the low and high end of the range respectively. We are affirming our forecast for 2025 comparable POI growth of 3% to 4% to 3.5% at the midpoint. We expect occupancy levels to be flat in 2Q, but then grow from this current level in the second half of the year into the mid-94s by year end 2025 on a comparable basis. Given the deal signed to-date and the robust pipeline of leasing activity and process. Given limited exposure to bankrupt tenants in a better than forecasted first quarter for our utilization of our credit reserve inside of 60 basis points, this positive start to the year sets us up to land in the bottom half of our 75 basis points to 100 basis points range. We are also adjusting our forecast for G&A down slightly to $45 million to $47 million from the previously disclosed level of $45 million to $48 million. All other assumptions for 2025 guidance remain unchanged. Please see the updated summary of these guidance assumptions in our 8-K on Page 27. With respect to quarterly FFO cadence for the balance of 2025, we are leaving our original quarterly estimates essentially as is with the second quarter at $170 million to $174 million. The third quarter at $189 million to $193 million. The fourth quarter at $182 million to $186 million. Please note that we continue to expect the revenues from our new market tax credits to be recognized in the third quarter, but it is possible we may recognize those earlier as early as the second quarter. Cadence for comparable growth will build on the modestly stronger than expected first quarter results of 2.8% and move higher throughout the balance of the year. With that operator please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Jeff Spector of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jeff Spector: Great. Thank you. I wanted to see if Wendy could just clarify her comment around the mix of deals executed in the quarter, the 2% rate on the new lease rate. Wendy, I think you had some comments on your expectations of roll in the coming quarters. And was there anything particular around again what expired, let's say, in 1Q? Any more color you can add to that? Thank you.
Wendy Seher: Sure. Yes, it's mostly timing. We had some deals that hit right after the first quarter versus in the first quarter. And it's not always perfect. It does cause a little noise, which I know probably makes Dan crazy, but it's really just noise. The first quarter was a good solid quarter, more normalized than levels than we had last year, which was totally expected. Good categories between food and sweet greens and honey grow and beauty is still very, in favor, grocery, furniture, apparel, both full price apparel and value. So it was really a widespread of deals that got signed.
Donald Wood: Yes, Jeff, the only thing I would add to that is if the cutoff was April 10th instead of March 31st, it would have seemed like a record quarter. So it really is for a company of our size and what we do, just a -- it's a matter of timing. All good for the year.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Goldsmith at UBS.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my question. 2.8% same-store NOI growth in the quarter, the guidance for the year is 3% to 4%. So can you kind of walk through some of the factors that's going to drive the acceleration of same-store NOI through the balance of the year to hit the guidance range? Thanks.
Donald Wood: Yes, I think the biggest driver is going to be continued gains in occupancy over the course of the year. That would be our primary driver of getting us up into that 3% to 4% range. And we had fully expected, actually expected a weaker first quarter, but occupancy is going be the big driver there. And obviously, Michael, that is on leases that have already been done and will simply get open. So, that's not speculative.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Griffin at Evercore ISI.
Michael Griffin: Great. Thanks. Maybe just some more color on sort of the concessions that you saw in the quarter. If I look at the kind of comparable leases of about 370, 000 the TIs were, call it, $19.20 something like that versus the total pool of 430,000 leases signed where TIs were in the high 20s. So I guess on that non-comparable segment, can you give us a sense of maybe why those TIs are elevated? It sounds like some leases were signed and some of the office projects, maybe that contributed to it. But just what's the concessionary environment look like? And any color you can provide there would be helpful.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. That's just driven by one deal with a tenant that we are giving a reasonable concession to. That happens in the business. Good strong deal with lifetime fitness. And feel really excited about having them join the ranks of Santana Row and bringing that category to really further enhance the offering there. I don't know if Don you have anything you want to add?
Donald Wood: No, I just want to add that there's a deal there that we can't talk about completely. We can talk about the lifetime deal, but not effectively the other side of that deal and where it's going. I'm very excited to tell you about that when I can, which will be a month or two, probably by the time NAREIT comes along. One of the best deals we've ever done, certainly there's concession, if you will, in that particular deal, but it's for an entire building. And this makes all the economic sense in the world. So don't look at concessions as being a TIs going up as being anything more than that particular deal. In fact, we're really proud of how we've been able to lever the supply demand dynamic out there to be able to get TIs as low as they are. And I think when you see that, see where we are, you'll see those numbers are lower than they've been in quite some time.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. Being inside of on the comparable pool, inside of $20 and overall at $15 including kind of everything, it's probably one of the best results we've had in a while.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Mailman at Citi.
Craig Mailman: Hey, can I just clarify the distance you have in the market? Was it 250 overall with 150 under contract? And also just use of proceeds there, is that could that be earmarked for buybacks or you guys kind of have that earmarked for the development pipeline?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes, we currently have 250 in the market, 150 is under contract. You heard that correctly. Proceeds there and we'll see what gets done. We're optimistic on them, but we'll see. We also have a big, I think stable of properties we consider bringing to market further along in the year as well. And I think we'll be opportunistic. I think we've demonstrated in our history a discipline in terms of deploying capital in a risk adjusted way that is very beneficial to shareholders, beneficial to FFO per share in the first year and on a long-term basis. And I would not be surprised if the opportunity arose, we could look. I don't think we'd do it today. But at the right stock price, we would absolutely buyback shares through our buyback authorization.
Donald Wood: Yes. And just of course I have to add something too, if you don't mind. And that is, look, we've gotten now our debt to EBITDA to a place I'm very comfortable with. Frankly, mid-5s, very proud of where that is and how we've gotten to that point. That means that proceeds from things like asset sales are available for capital allocation to the extent whatever capital allocation scenario makes the most sense. That certainly can be acquisitions. It certainly can be the right kind of development. Well, that's obviously the hardest to get to right now or it could be shares. And look, there has to be a spread, if you will, that's decent between the share price and what an acquisition opportunity is. That's not a one-for-one thing. Our business is to grow this company, and we need to do that aggressively. But when that gets too wide, then that's our best investment. So I hope that's helpful in terms of framing this.
Operator: The next question comes from Juan Sanabria at BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Good afternoon and thanks for the time. Just hoping you could talk a little bit more about the performance in DC. I recognize that foot traffic is up, but I believe there was some mention of sales and comping performance in the federal stores versus company-wide statistics. But is our sales in the DC area holding firm or have you seen basket sizes come down? And if you have any thoughts or data you could share around restaurant performance in particular that'd be super helpful. Thank you.
Donald Wood: Yes, Juan, let me give you a couple of things about this, and Wendy, obviously feel free to jump in here. Look, we don't get sales reporting all that on time, so I can't tell you what sales were last week or last two weeks from that, two weeks ago or whatever. I can tell you that the winter time was soft with bad weather. It was soft everywhere and did not see a discernible difference between DC. Spring time came, boom. And we see it in the form of traffic. I expect to see it in the form of sales once sales are reported also. I think that's good stuff. There's a broader comment that I, conversation I want to have with you here though. And that is headlines are one thing. Don't short DC. And don't short DC. And when I say that, I'm obviously referring to our particular portfolio. But I think frankly, it's even broader than that. When you think about the long-term places to live, where there are great schools, where there is great infrastructure, this place beats most places in the country by a lot. And it's not, although federal government is an important part of what's happening, this is not a one industry town. Any way you look at it, banking, finance, real estate, lawyers, I mean, lots of them and they're all busy. There's a lot of commerce in this place that will fill any type of hit that we ultimately see. And I'm pretty darn confident that I've now lived here 27 years and it's a very dynamic marketplace. I hope that's helpful.
Operator: Next question is from Connor Mitchell with Piper Sandler.
Connor Mitchell: Hey, thanks for taking my question. I guess turning to acquisitions and maybe just a big picture question. You guys bought Del Monte in the quarter. It's pretty good size, and we've kind of seen some other larger acquisitions in REIT land throughout the first quarter and earnings, et cetera. Just curious, was there anything that kind of spurred this trend towards the larger centers? And then how long do you see this cycle maybe continuing as well?
Donald Wood: Connor, it's a great question in terms of how long do you see this cycle. I don't know. But I do know a bunch of things. First of all, we have always looked at larger centers. It's frankly core to what it is that we try to do because we view ourselves very much as real estate people with the ability to add density to centers. More of that can happen in a bigger center. There's more opportunities. And so we always are biased, if you will, to the larger size. In terms of deals that are getting done and all that, just remember the lag in timing. And so stuff that's getting done now is stuff that's been in the works for six months or eight months or whatever it's been. And it's just and I tried to say this in my remarks, I think this is really important to figure out. Obviously, I'm saying the sky is blue here. When there is a lack of predictability, how do you underwrite? And so there are only one way you underwrite when you do that and that's it to put more cushion for a different situation. That is where we are today, trying to figure out what kind of IRRs you're actually going to receive if you close on a deal today. If I had my way, I try to get another 30, 60, 90 days of visibility with respect to that marketplace. Because it's all about time trying to see where this all shakes out. And if it shakes out great, then maybe there's an opportunity or two that got missed. But the downside of that is very, very small. As opposed to if obviously this doesn't shake out as well as it should, the downside is bigger. So I'm looking for time right now and I can't tell you how long, but I will tell you that I expect to see something different and have a different point of view or a more informed point of view on the second quarter call.
Operator: The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste at Mizuho.
Ravi Vaidya: Hi there. This is Ravi Vaidya on the line for Haendel. Hope you guys are doing well. Can you talk about your acquisition pipeline and any other changes in the transaction markets or any deals falling through or getting retreated? I think there was an accident in Kansas that was mentioned and discussed. And are you seeing any changes in cap rates or risk premiums? Thank you.
Donald Wood: Yes, it's a fair question. I'm obviously not going to comment on any deals that we're in the middle of and that have not been resolved one way or the other that way. And I can tell you that and Jan is here to add to this. We're looking at a bunch of stuff. How best to underwrite it is a question. And I think you're going to want us and other people, whoever is buying to be careful with respect to the underwriting assumptions they're making. So I have not seen deals, the deal flow in terms of what's available stop. Whether those deals actually happen or don't happen, time will tell. And I suspect that's different for public buyers than it is for private buyers to some extent for some pretty obvious reasons. So, I don't have a lot more to say to that, Jan, in terms of the pipeline. You got anything to add?
Jan Sweetnam: Well, I would say that the transaction market is still pretty strong. There are still deals that are happening and I think the flow of new deals coming out here since April 2nd has slowed down a little bit. I mean Don mentioned that he's looking for time, 30, 60, 90 days. I think that's probably the same thing for some sellers out there for sure. And that's putting a little bit of a new specter on the market itself. So cap rates feel like they're pretty solid. They perhaps have stopped going down and kind of flattened out a little bit and some sellers have reached down to buyers' expectations. And so right now it's a healthy market, but we'll see what happens. But there's still plenty of opportunities out there. There's a great pipeline that we think is going to be coming and we're going to have a lot of dry powder and we're well positioned to take advantage of it for sure.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good evening. Wendy, I'm just trying to reconcile two comments from your opening remarks, one of which was you're seeing more normalized leasing volume in Q1 given higher occupancy, but also that Q2 is seeing executed leases above the historical pace. So I guess what's kind expectation for the year then?
Wendy Seher: I think with a leased rate of 95.9%, we're going to continue to see normalized leasing. I think leasing can be chunky so you can have highs and lows and it all kind of measures out, but I think it'll be normalized and healthy. I just don't think you're going to see the -- we were doing 30% more lease volume than we historically have ever done, but at almost 96% occupied, I think it's going to be very normal and healthy.
Donald Wood: Yes, I mean what you should expect from us is and what that means is 400,000 square feet, 450,000 square feet a quarter on the comparable basis more when you add in the office and the other stuff to that. What we've been doing, as Wendy said, a bunch more than that. And when you look at 370, that 370 again, if you made an April 10th deadline, you'd see that back up at over 450,000 square feet. So that's the reconciliation, if you wouldn't mind, if you get it in terms of what normalized is versus what happened in the quarter.
Operator: Next question comes from Ki Bin Kim at Truist.
Ki Bin Kim: Hey, good afternoon. A little bit of a random question for you, Don. But do you think perhaps owning and managing a mall requires a different skillset or a difference in corporate infrastructure than what you have today?
Donald Wood: Man, is that a loaded question? Holy smoke. Look, it's a different business. There is no doubt about that. It's certainly more fashion focused. It's certainly physically very different. It deals with certain different tenants than open air does. So, yes, it's a different business. But whether it's better or worse or I leave that to you guys to assess. And that's really all I have to say about that.
Operator: The next question comes from Floris Van Bicum at Compass Point.
Floris Van Dijkum: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Getting back on the capital allocation topic, Don, maybe if you could talk about, I know you've got the buyback authority, you've got asset sales under contract, you got more in the market. Your stock is -- your implied cap rate is 7%. As you deploy capital towards as you're choosing between acquisitions and share buybacks, what is your hurdle rate? I mean, shouldn't any acquisition yield more than 7% and isn't buying back your stock, your lowest risk investment that you could possibly make today or how should people think about that? How do you think about that today? And also maybe talk about the delta between where you issued stock at in the first quarter and where your stock is trading today?
Donald Wood: Floris, you asked a very good question. And I don't think it's as simple as straight math. So the way I look at it, there's a reason that we exist. We are here to put high quality retail based products to work to create growth for our owners over the long-term. That's what our business plan is. That's what we're darn good at doing. To the extent you can buy something at a 7% yield, but the stock is trading at a 7.1%. Does that in and of itself say you should buy back stock? No, I don't believe it does. Because it's not just about that initial yield. It's about the long-term business plan, the IRR that you're going to create, et cetera. It's all mashed together. Now, there is a point when that gets too wide. I can't quantify that exactly for you today, but I can tell you what, when we were trading in the mid-$80 range and any acquisition had to be in the mid-6s, that's too wide. Okay? So I'm hopeful that that is helpful for you. Beyond that, I don't want to do the math for you because it's more, as they say, than the math there. But that should give you some parameters. Gosh, what was the last part of Floris' question?
Dan Guglielmone: I think you covered it.
Donald Wood: You think I covered it?
Dan Guglielmone: I think you did.
Donald Wood: All right, Floris. Dan says I covered it. Thanks for the time.
Operator: The next question comes from Paulina Rojas at Green Street.
Paulina Rojas: Good afternoon. What pricing insights in terms of cap rates do you think are fair to draw from the transaction of Legacy West when evaluating your flagship mixed use assets?
Donald Wood: All right. Dan is pointing at me, Paulina. Look, that's a great asset. And I think particularly the structure with which they were able to complete that with the combination of private money and public money, I think that's a great deal for those guys. And I wish them all the best luck. I love the structure with respect to that. I think it does tell you that there are buyers out there that do appreciate how important the integration of uses are to the value of the entire piece of real estate. And that really helps. And as you and I have talked many times, it's one of the reasons that I believe that our mixed use assets in particular are not trading the way they should be relative to the private value of those assets. Now, I don't know exactly what the cap rate was. I don't know exactly what the IRR would be with respect to that asset. But I can tell you that while that's a full price, I think that makes a lot of sense for that particular buyer group.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Mueller at JPMorgan.
Mike Mueller: Yes, hi. I guess if the consumer really hits a wall, what segments of the portfolio do you think you see the impact first, either in terms of pullback in tenant demand or just tenant stress? Would it be dining or something else?
Dan Guglielmone: It's a fair question to look for the segment. The problem is I don't think it works like that. Mike, I can tell you that our dining segment, our restaurant segment was the best performance segment in the company after the GFC. And everybody was worried about that particular segment. Why? Because in the markets that we're at, with the operators, that we had with the occupancy ratios that they were able to not only had the room that they had those occupancy ratios. When you put all that together, that was not a segment that overall was at risk. And so it doesn't really come down in my view to the segments as it does to the health of the operator, the health of the occupancy ratio and their ability to withstand what is always a cyclical business. So I don't have a specific place for you, but that's why we spend so much time trying to put the right tenants together, not only in terms of use, but the operators within the type of use that they are.
Donald Wood: And also the resilience of the consumers that we have in our markets. And that's why we make the statement and that's why we perform exceptionally well when the broader consumer has hit a wall as you discussed. We perform better because we have stronger, higher degrees of affluence, discretionary income, discretionary network.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai at Jefferies.
Linda Tsai: Thanks for taking my question. Just on the lower bad debt. Was that a function of tenants you didn't expect to pay actually paying or was that just from lower general bad debt reserve?
Dan Guglielmone: It was a combination of things. I mean I think that we, one, we have a lower level of concern with bankrupt tenants and surprises because I think of the strength of our portfolio, the strength of the operators that Don just mentioned. I also think that just being able to keep tenants in longer and just performing better in terms of I think collecting rent and eking out better than we had underwritten. And that utilization of our credit reserve was a reason for the outperformance in the quarter.
Jill Sawyer: Amy? Operator?
Dan Guglielmone: We done. Looks like maybe.
Jill Sawyer: There's one more question. Operator, are you there?
Dan Guglielmone: We lost our operator.
Donald Wood: Greg, are you there? Greg, we can give you a call after to follow-up on your question.
Greg McGinniss: Thank you. Hello?
Donald Wood: Ask it.
Greg McGinniss: Oh, great. Hi. So, yes, for a follow-up. Thank you very much for taking it. You talked about the changes in underwriting that you're having to do on acquisitions and how the environment has changed. I'm curious how that has impacted your view on redevelopments or residential development that you talked about adding some projects to the pipeline over this year and next.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes, Greg, it's a great question. And there's a couple of things in there. The first is obviously when you're talking about adding residential developments to our existing assets. The question is at what cost? And so the absence of understanding construction costs, given the tariffs right now, that's a problem. And certainly that creates a lack of predictability there. Now we have just started and moved forward with Hoboken, which is a residential over retail development that frankly we had gotten the cost locked in or 90% of the cost locked in before April 2nd. And so that was important for us to go. And that by the way is a concrete building, so there's less of the volatility associated with that. You're talking about a stick building right now? Yes, that's harder to understand if you're getting your lumber from Canada and you're getting your appliances from China. So until there is better clarity on that so that we can lock in costs before we go, that's a harder thing for us to deal with than for anybody else to deal with, obviously. In terms of acquisitions, the underwriting goes, you look at, you run a downward scenario. It's not just your particular scenario. You've got to look at an economy that to the extent it gets weaker, what would that do to the rent roll? And you apply your particular you apply your purchase price to that. Also because IRRs and IRRs are important to us, would be impacted most in a downward scenario by the next couple of years. Those first few years in a 10-year IRR are disproportionately impactful. And so that needs be considered at a time when you have less vision here.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jill Sawyer for any closing remarks.
Jill Sawyer: We look forward to seeing many of you at the next few weeks in the upcoming conferences. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 17:00:00) =====
Operator: And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our fourth quarter results.
Don Wood: Thank you, Lee, and good afternoon, everyone. Lots of records were shattered in both the fourth quarter and 2024 that bode well for 2025 and beyond. That starts with leasing. A hundred comparable deals in the quarter for 649,000 square feet at 10% more cash rent, 21% more straight-line rent than the previous lease. Nearly 2.4 million square feet of comparable space in calendar 2024 at 11% more cash rent, 22% more straight-line rent than the previous lease. Both the quarter and the full year set all-time records for us and not by a little bit. Volume in the fourth quarter and total year beat the previous high watermark set in COVID-boosted 2021 by 9% and 14% respectively. Occupancy touched 96.2% on a lease basis and 94.1% on an occupied basis at year-end, the strongest in nearly a decade. Dividends per share were raised to $4.40 per share for the record-setting 57th consecutive year. Total revenues surpassed $300 million in the quarter and $1.2 billion for the year for the first time ever and grew at 7% and 6% over their respective prior periods. And FFO per share at $1.73 in the quarter, and $6.77 for the year set all-time records even with a one-time four-cent charge for Jeff Berkes leaving the company. Without it, FFO per share of $1.77 in the quarter, and $6.81 for the year grew at 7.9% and 4% respectively. 2024 was a very good year. The retail real estate market remained strong, driven by favorable supply-demand dynamics and continued consumer spending. Our diverse portfolio spanning various property types and anchored by strong resilient operators positions us well for sustaining success. The struggling retailers making headlines today have minimal impact on our portfolio. Nowhere is the quality of this portfolio more evident than in the continued improvement in occupancy that you see in the fourth quarter over the third quarter and the expectation for even higher occupancy by the end of next year. While a new administration in Washington is certainly shaking things up on so many fronts across the broader economy, our outlook remains positive. The bottom line is that we expect to grow faster at both the comparable property level and the bottom line earnings level in 2025 than we did in 2024. Our product is very much in demand, and that includes the office component of our mixed-use communities in San Jose, Boston, and Bethesda. After years of uncertainty on the part of employers as to their future office space requirements, the back-to-office movement in the country is real and it's fully underway. Recognition on the part of many employers that they need more and better space, coupled with our Class A offering of modern and fully amenitized, and I do mean fully amenitized, office environment, it's no surprise that we're seeing a significant uptick in interest in tours and LOIs and in executed leases. We're especially seeing it at Santana West and 915 Meeting Street at Pike & Rose, where nearly 150,000 square feet of deals have been executed or put under heavily negotiated LOIs in the last 90 days. Santana West and 915 Meeting Street are currently 82% and 91% committed under such arrangements at this point, respectively. And we're optimistic that both buildings will be nearly fully leased in this calendar year. It's really good news, and while the 2025 P&L won't be the beneficiary, since rent hasn't commenced from the majority of those tenants, that's just timing. It should provide a nice bump to 2026 and 2027. On the development front, things are picking up too. Not only is our $90 million residential over retail project at Bala Cynwyd Shopping Center firing along on budget and a bit ahead of schedule, but we've approved two other developments that you can see in our Form 8-K this quarter. The first is the new build of 45 residential units atop 10,000 feet of ground floor retail in Hoboken, New Jersey. 301 Washington Street, Hoboken's main commercial thoroughfare, houses a vacant Capital One bank pad and commensurate service. The opportunity to densify this amazing piece of corner real estate works economically to a 6% to 7% unlevered yield on $45 million and a 9% IRR, extra more favorable construction pricing, strong retail rents, and growing residential rents in this densely populated New York City suburb. Expect to break ground in a few months. Secondly, Andorra Shopping Center in Philadelphia is gearing up for a transformational redevelopment that will include a state-of-the-art Giant supermarket, along with a fully renovated LA Fitness health club, new shop space with upgraded service and restaurant tenants, greatly improved placemaking and parking. This $32 million investment will kick off this spring and yield an incremental 7% to 8% unlevered yield. More to come on the development front later this year too. We remain very active on the acquisition front. The prospects being studied and negotiated in both our existing markets along with a few new ones. And we expect to close on a great shopping center in Northern California in a few weeks. That $123.5 million purchase with a very productive Whole Foods anchor and a cadre of lifestyle-oriented tenants will complement our West Coast portfolio beautifully and will be managed from our San Antonio headquarters. We expect to be able to talk more about that one by the end of the month. I also wanted to use the opportunity to introduce three newly promoted vice presidents to our executive ranks, underscoring our focus on continually developing a deep bench of professionals all of whom are expected to play a key strategic role in our long-term future. Congratulations to Sarah Ford Rogers, as VP of Development working out of our Assembly Row office, to Bob Frond, as VP of Acquisitions representing our West Coast and Arizona territories, and to Vanessa Mendoza, as VP of Leasing working out of our headquarters in North Bethesda. Congratulations also to Mr. Porter Baloo, who's been promoted to Senior Vice President of our Information Technology group. Each of these executives has been highly respected members of our team for years, and it brings me great pleasure to be able to recognize the real estate talents with promotions that expand their influence and responsibility within our organization. I love being able to do that. That's all I wanted to cover in prepared remarks this afternoon, and so I'll turn it over to Dan to provide more granularity before opening it up to your questions.
Dan Gee: Thank you, Don, and hello, everyone. Our reported NAREIT FFO per share of $6.77 for the year and $1.73 for the fourth quarter reflect the $0.04 one-time charge for Jeff's departure. Excluding the charge, our FFO growth was 4% and roughly 8% for the full year and fourth quarter respectively. POI was up 5.4% for the full year and 6.8% for the fourth quarter. We finished 2024 with momentum. Primary drivers for the solid performance in 2024: First, POI growth. Our comparable portfolio's primary catalyst being occupancy increases from continued strength in tenant demand as both leased and occupied metrics increased 200 and 191 basis points respectively over year-end 2023 levels, as well as solid rollover of 11% on a cash basis sector leading contractual rent bumps of roughly 2.5% blended anchor, and Small Shop. Second, contributions from our redevelopment and expansion pipeline with Huntington, Darien Commons, 915 Meeting Street, and Lawrence Park approaching stabilization over the year, driving an incremental $12 million of POI. The upper end of our range. And strong performance by the $1.4 billion of gross assets we've acquired since mid-2022. Performance almost across the board has exceeded underwriting, but in particular, at the shops at Pembroke Gardens in Florida, and Kingstown Town Center in Virginia. This was primarily offset by upward pressure on property level expense margins and higher interest expense relative to 2023. Comparable POI growth excluding prior period rent and term fees came in at 4.2% during the fourth quarter, an average of 3.4% for the year. Comparable min rents grew 4% in the fourth quarter and 3.4% for the year. Our residential portfolio was a source of strength in 2024. Same-store residential POI growth was 5%, and when including Darien Commons, which continues to outperform, was 7%. The value proposition providing a premium residential offer on top of an attractive retail amenity base is driving outperformance across our targeted residential portfolio. Additionally, in 2024, we opportunistically acquired almost $300 million in high-quality retail assets during the year. Blended initial yields in the low to mid-7s and unlevered IRRs in the mid to high 8s. When you include the asset that we put under contract during the fourth quarter, that's over $400 million. Hopefully, more to discuss as the year progresses. We continue to seek new under-managed and under-capitalized properties to add to the portfolio. On the development, redevelopment, and expansion front with the stabilization of a number of redevelopment projects to close out the year, including Darien Commons in Connecticut and Lawrence Park in Philly, our in-process pipeline now stands at approximately $785 million with just $230 million remaining to spend. With the addition of a residential over retail project in Hoboken, and the retail redevelopment in Andorra in Philly, we continue to mine opportunities across our portfolio and deploy capital accretively on an external basis to drive future FFO growth. Additional opportunities are under consideration which likely will be added to the pipeline over the course of 2025 into 2026. Down to the balance sheet, and an update on our liquidity position. Our financial flexibility continues to expand as improvement in our leverage metrics accelerated over the course of 2024. Leaning on opportunistic equity issuance on our ATM program to fund creative acquisitions, targeted asset sales, and a growing free cash flow component which has allowed us to improve our leverage metrics meaningfully. Fourth quarter annualized adjusted net debt to EBITDA stands at 5.5 times down from 6 times as reported on this call last year. At that time, we forecasted this metric to hit our targeted level of 5.5 times in 2025, we've been able to get it done in 2024. Fixed charge coverage now stands at 3.8 up from 3.5 times at this time last year. We expect this metric to continue to improve toward our 4 times target over the course of the balance over the course of 2025. Our liquidity stood north of $1.4 billion at year-end, with an undrawn $1.25 billion unsecured credit facility and $178 million combined cash and undrawn forward equity. Plus, we have no material debt maturities this year. Now onto guidance. For 2025, we are introducing an FFO per share forecast of $7.10 to $7.22 per share. This represents about 5.8% growth at the midpoint of $7.16 and roughly 5% and 7% at the low and high ends of the range. This is driven by comparable POI growth of 3% to 4%, 3.5% at the midpoint. Add an additional 40 basis points to that range when you exclude COVID-19 or prior period rents and term fees. This assumes occupancy levels continue to grow from the current level of 94.1% at 12/31, up towards 95% by year-end 2025. Although expect a step back in the first quarter due to the typical seasonality pullback post-holidays. We'll have a net drag of roughly $0.10 to $0.11 from One Santana West as we cease capitalization of interest expense at the property in the second quarter. This is simply a timing delay. The full benefit of $0.12 to $0.14 from this currently 82% committed building is expected to flow directly to the bottom line, but not meaningfully until 2026, as we begin to then recognize rents. Having said that, we do expect $0.14 to $0.15 of benefit from revenues earned through new market tax credits associated with our Freedom Plaza shopping set. The combination of these tax credit revenues at plus $0.14 to $0.15 with net timing drag in 2025 from Santana West of minus $0.10 to $0.11 and the lying down of COVID-era prior period rents of minus $0.03 to $0.04 fully offset each other, which normalizes our 2025 NAREIT defined FFO growth and we expect positive FFO growth off this base into 2026. Other assumptions to our 2025 guidance include one, incremental POI contributions from our development and expansion pipeline of $3.5 to $5 million. And capitalized interest for 2025 estimated at $12 to $14 million down from $20 million in 2024. Both of these two assumptions reflect the aforementioned timing impact from Santana West. We forecast $175 to $225 million of spend this year on redevelopment and expansions at our existing properties. G&A is forecast in the $45 million to $48 million range for the year. Term fees will be $4 million to $5 million largely in line with 2024. The aforementioned $3 million of lower prior period collections as we expect a de minimis amount in 2025. We have assumed a total credit reserve of roughly 75 to 100 basis points in 2025 given limited exposure to bankrupt tenants, but more in line with historical averages and a normalized cycle of tenant risk in the retailing sector. As is our custom, this guidance does not reflect any acquisitions or dispositions in 2025 except a $123.5 million Northern California acquisition under contract which we expect to close later this month. We will adjust likely upwards for all other acquisitions and dispositions as we go. Please see a summary of this detailed guidance in our 8-K on page 27 of our supplement. With respect to quarterly FFO cadence for 2025, the first quarter will start with a range of $1.67 to $1.70. Second quarter, $1.71 to $1.74. Third quarter, $1.90 to $1.93. And the fourth quarter at $1.82 to $1.85. Cadence for comparable growth will start slow in the first quarter.
Dan Gee: In the mid-twos.
Operator: And improved sequentially over the course of the year. With that, operator, please open the line for questions. Thank you.
Operator: We will now begin the question and answer session. If you're using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys. To withdraw your question, please press star then two. At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble a roster. The first question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Good morning or good afternoon. Sorry. Just hoping you could talk a little bit about the tax credits the first time. At least I remember hearing about it. And I guess why include it in FFO? I think the 10-K mentions offsetting incremental cost of $1.6 million. Is that being incorporated?
Dan Gee: In the net number you talked about in the sub on the guidance page? Just hoping for a little bit more color in general around that.
Don Wood: Yeah. That's fine. Yeah. No. That reflects the net number. And so the net number that we report nets out those expenses. You know, the tax credits historically, you know, the federal government has had programs to incentivize development.
Dan Gee: And up-and-coming gentrifying communities.
Don Wood: And Freedom Plaza, formerly known as Jordan Downs, but Freedom Plaza in East LA was one of those developments. That development qualified and we earned those tax credits. We monetize those credits to the sales of a bank. We earned the, you know, the revenues associated with that project a series of, you know, extremely complex transactions.
Dan Gee: And we expect to, yep, guess fulfill all the required contingencies associated with them. And be able to recognize the earned revenues later this year. And, you know, now that's the approach we take. More detail on that is on page F-31. You wanna see it? It's been disclosed previously, but on F-31 and our 10-K.
Operator: The next question comes from Dori Kesten with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Dori Kesten: Thanks. Good evening. You've talked about the acceleration in transaction volume, expected for the last few quarters. Are you seeing that up?
Dan Gee: In what you're underwriting today? And can you give us some current thoughts on funding for acquisitions near term just outside of the undrawn Ford equity?
Don Wood: Sure. Me a favor, Dan. Start with how to fund it. And let's go to Yan after that with some market conversation. Sure. Sure. Look, if we position the balance sheet, it's.
Dan Gee: As good as it's been in the last six or seven years. Pre-COVID. With, you know, significant financial flexibility and capacity on our balance sheet. The undrawn line of credit plus access to the whole breadth of capital markets that we've availed ourselves to over our history. And you know, I think that we're really, really well positioned to take on.
Don Wood: The opportunities we're seeing out there.
Dan Gee: And, you know, we'll use all the tools in our toolbox and arrows in our quiver in terms of, you know, allowing us to opportunistically and accretively finance the opportunities we see in the market.
Don Wood: Yeah. Can you pick it up? Yeah. You bet. Hi, Dory. John.
Juan Sanabria: Look, we've never been busier looking at underwriting acquisitions. And in fact, as soon as we get off this call, we'll be talking about some other ones. It's just it has been so busy. There's a lot of product on the marketplace at this point at this time, on the one hand. On the other hand, competition's gotten a little stiffer. There are more people looking at the larger type of assets that we've been pursuing. And again, you know, we try to go after, you know, great locations, of course, but larger assets that matter, you know, in their markets and matter to us in terms of being sizable enough where we, you know, we can really create some value with leasing, merchandising, and if applicable, enhancing, you know, the sense of place. Which we think the asset that Don has mentioned earlier in Northern California is a perfect example of that. So, you know, we think there's a lot of activity that we're gonna see. We're gonna be bidding on all kinds of assets, but obviously, we don't know, you know, what price it's gonna take and does it match our return hurdles and our ability to grow the earnings on the asset. And so we'll see. We would expect it to be a pretty active year.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa: Yeah. Thanks. Good afternoon. Don, I guess with the portfolio over 96% leased, I'm just curious how the leasing discussions are changing kinda both internally and externally with the retailers and.
Dan Gee: Know, how are you thinking about kinda pricing space as you move forward?
Don Wood: No. Steve, it's.
Dan Gee: It's a good time to be in this business, man.
Don Wood: And there's no doubt that for the property, you know, the spaces that are very desirable, it's very common to have more than one real opportunity or real tenant in there. We try to get it not only in the rent, which we obviously always do. We try to get it in the bumps, which is really important, and most important is in control. And so when you come down to those we've talked about in the past, you're always it's always that fight for control of the shopping center effectively in terms of redevelopment opportunities, what we are able to do in terms of other uses, in terms of, you know, the lack of sales kick-outs and things like that so that we have more control. We are having more success with that. And so, you know, and you and I have talked about this for years, I guess, well, I always think that our that these leases are contracts. Are among the strongest in the space, and I have no way to determine that for sure. But I know we fight hard for not just the rent, but also those control provisions. And those are having more and more success with that. Because we are 96% leased. Now having said that,
Dan Gee: The.
Don Wood: I don't believe, yeah, 100% leased in a portfolio is something that is attainable nor do I believe it's something that should be attainable because the extent you're doing that that you're probably leaving money on the table and all space is not created equal. Some that's better than some that's worse. But I still think and Dan kinda put it to a pretty well before that at 94.1 on the occupied basis, I think it's pretty darn likely we're gonna be able to get up toward 95. Can always happen, obviously. But that can continue to go and, you know, the same with the 96 for a bit more. But, you know, me, in this company is about using all those arrows in the quiver.
Dan Gee: So as important as that is,
Don Wood: so is redevelopment, so is development, so is acquisitions,
Dan Gee: All parts of
Don Wood: you know, parts of the business. So
Dan Gee: you should see
Don Wood: in short, you should see strong contracts, stronger contracts as we go through this period of the cycle.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Berkus with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jeff Berkus: Great. Thank you. If I can ask a follow-up on acquisitions. Yan, you talked about seeing more assets. And, Don, when we saw you in November, and Erie, you talked about, you know, your strategy, and I think you said possibly looking at more markets. So
Dan Gee: I'm just curious. Is it you're seeing more
Jeff Berkus: more opportunities because you are looking at more markets? And, for example, I mean, an asset traded
Dan Gee: In Cleveland, Ohio today, is that I'm just curious. Is that something that you even looked at? Like, is that
Jeff Berkus: You know, is that does that fit the new strategy? Thank you.
Don Wood: Yeah. Go ahead.
Jeff Berkus: Yeah. Yeah. So, Jeff, I think it's twofold. I think overall, there are simply more assets available on the marketplace today than there were six or nine months ago. And, you know, I think with debt cost, being higher for longer, I think there's just, you know, certain sellers capitulated and just can't wait any longer. And certainly, we're looking at some assets where, you know, loans are now due in October or November and people need to transact. And so, overall, I just think there's simply a lot more available. And then you put on top of that, yeah, there are certain assets that we would certain markets that we haven't gone to before and so therefore we're looking at assets in those as well. So between the two, it's just been really, really, really busy. And to answer your question on Cleveland, yeah, we looked at that, and a set of reasons, it just didn't quite fit what we were looking for. But that would be a market that we wouldn't have looked at going to before, but we would now.
Dan Gee: Yeah. I don't have anything to add to that, you know, and that's what I would have said.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good afternoon, down there. Don, you mentioned and you were pretty forceful in your comments about, you know, the credit quality of the portfolio and a lot of the retail bankruptcies haven't impacted you guys. Just sort of curious, your overall watch list and, you know, your confidence that your tenancy is in a good credit position. I know you have that range out there. I don't know if that range is just a generic range or if there's some problem children, if you will, that that range is there to solve or to be there for this year.
Dan Gee: Yeah. Good question, Alex. What the near-term concerns that are in the market, the Joanne's, the Party Cities, the Big Lots, so forth. We just don't have much exposure to. We have no Big Lots, one Party City, two Joanne's, soon they'll leave. That's reflected in our forecast. Container Store, they affirmed every single one of their leases stayed in place for very little concession. Look, most of the stuff we're concerned about is maybe longer-term, more medium-term. And look, things can get accelerated. So I think given the volatility of the economy and the environment, I think just having a normalized 75 to 100 basis point credit reserve is appropriate. We have nothing specific there.
Jeff Berkus: And nothing that I can really kinda use to build up
Dan Gee: To get to. With regards to but I think it's a prudent level for us to have given the volatility that we see in the economy today.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Mailman with Citi. Please go ahead.
Craig Mailman: Hey, everyone. There's some bigger, you know, mixed-use deals in the March market. Just kinda curious what the appetite or capacity is to do, you know, several hundred million dollar deal. And is now the right time to
Dan Gee: potentially look to JV, you know, some of the bigger high-profile assets that you guys own.
Don Wood: Yeah. That's a good question, Craig. And let me do the easy part first. We do have the appetite, and we do have the capacity. For, you know, it's not necessarily that these are big or bigger mixed-use assets. The question just like a small asset, comes down to what's the IRR and what can you get to. And so there's really not a difference from my perspective at least in, you know, liking a particular format over and above the other as long as it's a retail-based asset. Because it really comes down to how is that previous owner managed it? How is he or she gotten to the rents? How much capital has been deferred, and how much does it need all the same things you look at in every project.
Jeff Berkus: I like them. And
Don Wood: you know, there's, you know, the couple that are in the market today. They're going for numbers that still have to make sense to us. And so we run through that underwriting process. If there's a big mixed-use asset out can be sure we're looking at it. Because we like that property type, but it still comes down to the individual property type with reserved individual asset rather. So with respect to joint venture partners, yeah. On a big one, that could make some sense to be able to do that way.
Jeff Berkus: Always like to
Don Wood: as you would expect from us, take a balanced approach to, you know, how we manage that balance sheet. And there certainly seems to be joint venture money that's available out there to partner up. And that is so that's certainly a possibility on the bigger stuff. But the bigger thing is do the numbers work overall? On that particular property that we're looking at?
Dan Gee: At.
Operator: The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, guys. Wanted to ask about just talk about tariffs. I'm just curious how
Dan Gee: your conversations potentially with some of your tenants might be going. Thoughts on your upper-end consumer seemingly a bit more insulated here, but just curious on the comment of tariffs and what you might be hearing from your tenants. Thanks.
Don Wood: Yeah. And I'm gonna start with Wendy. I know you and I have talked about it. So maybe add on if I miss anything on this. But the common, you know, it's really interesting. The biggest thing from a tenant perspective
Dan Gee: that's different than
Don Wood: necessarily, you would think
Jeff Berkus: Haendel or I would think,
Don Wood: is that they're more nonplussed by this. Generally.
Dan Gee: Than the news. Because
Jeff Berkus: they've been dealing with the notion of tariffs
Don Wood: where it's gone, certainly in the first Trump administration, certainly in limited respects during COVID, etcetera, lots of retailers have diversified their sources of where they source goods from. So
Dan Gee: you know, it's interesting. I don't
Don Wood: maybe with respect to, you know, tenants that kinda serve the less affluent consumer buying stuff from China and are unable to pass it on. Maybe, you know, the dollars concepts that could possibly be something that it's harder because it always at the end of the day, it's a tax. And so when you sit and think about it,
Jeff Berkus: who pays the tax? And
Don Wood: better real estate, in the better areas, that tax to the extent it's there. Gets is more likely to be able to be absorbed. By the consumer. That's harder to do just like we've been talking about for the past couple of years. With, you know, lower-income properties and portfolios. You know, aside from that, every single business has their own way to operate and to prepare and protect themselves. And the conversations we've been having, they certainly seem to be doing that. Wendy, am I missing anything here? No. I think you hit all the major points. I would also say that
Dan Gee: since COVID, you know, the retailers that are savvy have been really working
Operator: to increase their margins.
Dan Gee: And they've been doing a good job of it. And as Don said, tariffs are not new to them, and they've figured out how to continue to navigate this, and I haven't heard and I've had several one-on-one conversations haven't heard anybody say that it was anything other than another challenge. With their business at times.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Then comp POI in 2024 of 3.4%. You're guiding to 2025 of 3% to 4% with a headwind of
Dan Gee: 40 basis points from the collection of private equity loans. So it points to a fundamental acceleration though. Am I thinking about that right? And what's driving that acceleration that you're expecting in the upcoming year? Thanks.
Dan Gee: Yes. I appreciate that. Good question, Michael. Yeah. So the 3% to 4% is after the headwind of prior period rent. So you could think about it as 3.4% to 4.4%. So, yes, there is some acceleration and it's really driven by largely by occupancy. And the strength of the occupancy we experienced over this year,
Jeff Berkus: twenty-two past year and twenty-four.
Don Wood: Where we see occupancy, where we see the puck going,
Dan Gee: in 2025, I think that that's really the biggest driver of continued acceleration
Don Wood: in our comparable portfolio.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Mueller with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Mike Mueller: Yeah. Hi. I guess with the two new development announcements,
Dan Gee: should we see this as a bit of a pivot at the margin back toward development compared to where the focus seemed to be last year?
Dan Gee: You know,
Don Wood: I don't know if it's time yet to say there's a pivot. I would say
Dan Gee: that
Don Wood: you know, as I've talked about in past calls, the ability to make numbers work certainly is enhanced in, you know, places where we, you know, already own the land. And so the notion of having land that has little or no cost like the Bala Cynwyd asset that we're under construction with. I mean, that helps a ton. Land cost is 15%, 20%, 23% or so of a total project. That's a heck of a head start. The other thing clearly is, at least at this point in time in the markets we're looking at, most contractors, certainly GCs and subs, are willing to take less of profit margins. And that's because there isn't as much business out there.
Jeff Berkus: Now
Don Wood: to the extent that changes, that changes. But right now, we're able to make a couple of these projects work. I think we're pretty close to a couple more of them. That hopefully we get to later in the year. But it's not yet equilibrium, if you will. Acquisitions versus development. But while, you know, a year or two ago, it was all acquisition anything, and no development at all. Certainly, there is a start, if you will, to the potential development cycle.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hey. Good afternoon. I just wanted to clarify the commentary on Santana West. That $0.12 to $0.14
Dan Gee: contribution is net of the capitalized interest burn-off. Correct? Correct. And it assumes a fully stabilized asset? Yes. Look, it's a little bit of what we're taking the hit in 2025 from shutting off capitalized interest and then getting the benefit of all the rent starts. So it's a missed timing. So, yes, it will be net of the capitalized interest that we see, in 2025 having been burned off and then flows right to the bottom line, the $0.12 to $0.14 that we mentioned. Primarily in 2026.
Operator: The next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Good afternoon. How far in advance do you
Dan Gee: try to lock up construction costs like lumber, steel,
Ki Bin Kim: And although the pair of situations isn't finalized yet, I was just curious how might impact development yields and what kind of compression you might see. Going forward.
Dan Gee: Thank you.
Don Wood: Thank you, Ben. The, you know, as soon as we are able to fully design a project. We certainly start with respect to
Dan Gee: moving toward a GMP. And
Don Wood: certainly, that takes time. We are basically there on the Hoboken project we just announced, by the way, that's a concrete building. Don't expect any issues with respect to the cost there. We've got some other things coming up that'll be more lumber for as the primary cost. You can't get it locked down until you have a completely designed project. And we're not effectively warehousing materials in order to lock down money early. So as you know, you're asking one of the questions that's tied to the whole last three weeks, if you will, of the Trump presidency and where that's gonna lead. There's a lot of unknowns. As to whether that's actually gonna be impacting construction cost, deal cost, and big tariff related. As the year goes on, as the years go on,
Dan Gee: Today,
Don Wood: we're taking no risk, if you will, on the projects that we are starting that we've already announced with respect to cost though. Because they are locked out.
Operator: The next question comes from Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Floris van Dijkum: Hey. Thanks. Good evening.
Jeff Berkus: Don, you've built federal into the sort of the preeminent mixed-use owner, developer in the shopping center sector. I think, you know, based on our numbers, you own the three most valuable mixed-use projects in the strip sector.
Don Wood: I'm curious as to
Floris van Dijkum: you know, you talked a little bit about being on the war path. Capital allocation, would you prefer to
Don Wood: buy another Assembly Row, for example, or would you rather buy five Virginia Gateways, which would be similar kind of NOI contribution?
Floris van Dijkum: If the returns are the same, or, you know, how do you think about that? How do you think about portfolio construction
Don Wood: in three years' time? How many more of these dominant assets do you expect to have in the portfolio? I love the question actually, Floris, but I don't fall in love with properties. At the end of the day, it comes down to the IRR. It comes down with our belief. Now because we've got very good experience with mixed-use, I think we can underwrite them probably better than most because we have, as you say, a lot of experience that way. That does, in our view, reduce the risk. It also, though, means there's just a certain amount that we're willing to pay to get it. And so you're not gonna see us in order to have all the mixed-use big projects in the country. You're not gonna see us stepping out of our shoes because the numbers don't work. And at the end of the day, we are allocating capital here as best we can to provide the greatest risk-adjusted return.
Dan Gee: So
Don Wood: when you sit and you think about that, the theoretical part of your question is theoretical. If there were five of Virginia gateways versus one Assembly Row, but there never are. Because that's not that's a false choice. It comes down to trying to work on the assets that are on our hit list to be able to get the sellers to transact and then underwrite them with the best knowledge. The biggest advantage I think we have is that we underwrite well. On that type of project because of our experience that way, and then the reputation of having being federal allows us, I think, to outperform on those type of assets. Because we deal with those tenants, we deal with that type of operation. We're good at it. So I hope that helps. It's not an either-or. It is a best risk-adjusted capital allocation strategy. That will lead federal wherever federal is. In the next three to five years.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Yes. Hi. Maybe just a follow-up on the transaction environment. As you look across
Dan Gee: the different formats, are there certain regions or certain retail format types where you see better opportunities in your underwriting?
Don Wood: It's not really. Yan, what do you think about that question?
Jeff Berkus: Linda has.
Juan Sanabria: Yeah. It's a good question and a little hard to answer, Linda, don't know. I, you know, we like again, we like larger centers in, you know, generally, the yields have been pretty good across the board on those centers. I don't know if there's a particular type that is, you know, providing a better or worse yield. It really probably is case by case. On the asset where it sits in the marketplace and what marketplace it's in. So I think that that's it's hard to answer that one.
Don Wood: Yeah. Not the answer is really not really, but yeah. In terms of preference.
Operator: The next question comes from Omotayo Okusanya with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Omotayo Okusanya: Yes. Good afternoon, everyone.
Dan Gee: Okay.
Omotayo Okusanya: Quick question on the leases. Again, clearly at 96%
Dan Gee: percent occupancy, you guys are driving rent. Pretty nicely. But wanted to talk a little bit about kind of on a qualitative perspective, other things we're doing with lease terms versus retailers to kind of, you know, help you guys build your business. If we just kinda talk a little bit about some of these initiatives and kind of results from them,
Wendy Seher: Sure. Let me this is Wendy. I'll jump in here. You know, with our knees straight up so high, it really gives us the opportunity to continue to strategically focus on merchandising and growing sales. We've had a good history of if we can grow that quality of merchants together from a sales perspective, we can drive the rents better. As Don mentioned before, we are we've always been very diligent, I should say, on our contracts and making sure that we have the amount of opportunities and control that we need in those contracts. I would say we're even more focused on sales volumes where we've had the opportunity to say, hey. We're only gonna give you so much term, and if we give you an option on top of that, you need to have a certain sales performance before you can even exercise that option. So that'll give you some examples of how we're able to kind of work and kind of fine-tune the overall production of our shopping centers.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Oh, hi. Thanks for
Dan Gee: allowing me to follow-up. I guess I have a two-parter. One would be just on the guidance page, the $5 million of disposed properties from 2024 POI.
Operator: Is that just
Juan Sanabria: the drag residual drag from what assets you sold last year? And I guess what would be the offsetting acquisition benefit? I'm just a little confused about how I should interpret or use that information.
Dan Gee: That's the POI. That's no longer that we recognize in 2024. That's no longer in our portfolio. 2025. So, you know, we sold assets last year, Santa Ana I mean, Santa Monica, that reflects, you know, that and others reflects the income that we saw in 2024 that's not in our 2025 guidance. It is me asking about acquisitions too.
Jeff Berkus: What was the second part of the question? Yeah. I guess what
Juan Sanabria: what would be the offset on the acquisition side just to have both sides of the coin?
Dan Gee: Well, they're pretty straightforward. We acquired I don't have that off the top of my head, but Virginia Gateway it was acquired let me follow-up with you offline there. It's not something I owe the I need to do some calculations. Can't do it in my head right now.
Juan Sanabria: Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Yeah. They'll follow question from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey. Thanks for taking the follow-up. Just going back to Jeff Spector's question on the Cleveland asset. That you guys said that you, you know, you took a look at and, you know, was sort of a market that you would have thought about before, but, you know, it broadens your view. As you guys think consider new markets, just sort of curious if you're sort of rethinking your traditional type scenarios like high affluent, you know, infill yeah. Not infill, but infill suburban. Or if the way that communities have changed, there's a new way that you're thinking about it. And the second part of that is everyone wants to have, you know, meaningful concentration to allow a platform I assume that's actually difficult to foresee given the limited deal flow. To, like, see a path to acquiring enough assets. Or you can actually see that even the limited deal flow that we have right now. Boy, you got a lot packed in there, buddy. And I love the question. It's gonna be a little hard to just do that with one or two cents. Let me try. First of all, a couple of great assumptions in there. The notion of whether federal will go down quality. In those other assets the answer is
Dan Gee: No.
Don Wood: We won't do that. Now because the market some of the markets we're talking about are smaller than the big coastal cities, there are to your other point, fewer great centers. And all we're gonna be looking at
Dan Gee: is the best couple of centers in
Don Wood: cities that are still large cities, but not as big as the coast. So, yes, it does become
Jeff Berkus: more
Dan Gee: more difficult, if you will,
Don Wood: to own
Dan Gee: six or seven or five, you know, in within a particular market, but it does it is not difficult for us to get our heads around the best center or best two centers in a particular market and run them as run them separately, if you will, with a new organization that's aiming for that. So your
Jeff Berkus: your assumptions are generally really good.
Don Wood: There are places that we have not looked at historically that we are comfortable that with the best asset or two in those large cities, but not as large as the coast. That we could take what we do for a living which is merchandised well, to the best retailers, retailers that will be we'll wanna go. Where we're talking to, and we're spending an awful lot of time with those retailers make sure we know where they wanna go so that we can effect change there. That's the kind of stuff that we'll be going for. They will be the best one or two assets in the market, there will be affluence. There will be population debts.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Steve Sakwa with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa: Yeah. Thanks. Dan, could you maybe just provide a little more color? I think when you gave those ranges by quarter, it kind of implies, you know, a drop sequentially from 4Q to 1Q and, you know, maybe there's a slower build in the 2Q. I realized the tax credit might pop in all in the third quarter, but maybe just help us bridge kind of the weaker first half and, you know, obviously, the stronger second half. Yeah. Sure. Sure. Good question. The guidance $1.67 to $1.70 is roughly down 2.5% from the fourth quarter FFO reported a big chunk of that
Dan Gee: is really
Steve Sakwa: a number of seasonality-related numbers. One is occupancy. First quarter, typically, we see tenant move-outs. We are, and I highlighted this, we will see a step down in occupancy into the mid to upper 93% range. By, you know, by quarter end. You know, just we see that typically every year. Expenses like snow are seasonal. It's been a rough first 40 some odd days in the northeast. From a snow perspective. So we'd expect that to weigh on us. Hotel income, it's small. But it adds a seasonality component. You know, parking and percentage rent. You've got cold weather impact on customer traffic. As well as tenants hitting break points.
Operator: The speaker line is back on.
Jeff Berkus: Yeah. They're dialing back in now.
Dan Gee: Operator, can you hear us?
Operator: Yes.
Dan Gee: We live in the line?
Operator: Yes. You are.
Dan Gee: K.
Steve Sakwa: I tick through most of the seasonality impact. That's a big impact. COVID era deferrals, they go away? Versus the fourth quarter? To the first quarter about a penny? We did issue shares at the end of the year. And that is a couple pennies. And those are really the big drivers that offset the obviously, the charge that we had. So, you know, that's really likely to be the big driver. And then just ramping back up of occupancy in the second quarter. Shows the improvement of the trend. And, you know, so similarly for, you know, our comparable growth.
Jeff Berkus: Also steady improvement
Dan Gee: from the first quarter through the second and peak out in the fourth quarter.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Floris van Dijkum: Hey, Dan. A follow-up for you. I wanted to talk about a different kind of snow. Your S and O pipeline of 210 basis points. Can you quantify the rental impact of that?
Dan Gee: Yeah. Total rent associated with our comparable snow, which is just what's in the comparable pool, is a little over $25 million. We also have leases signed in the non-comparable pool that take us up towards $42 million, called $41-$42 million. We would expect that of the $41-$42, 80% of that will be in 2025 with the balance in 2026. And that will be weighted more heavily towards the second half of the year. We have 55% of scheduled starts in the second half of the year. And 25 basis, you know, 25 points of the 80 points being in the first half.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Leah Brady for any closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Leah Brady: Look forward to seeing everybody in the next few weeks. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Third Quarter of 2024 Earnings Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode for the duration of the call. [Operator Instructions]. On today's call, we ask that you please limit yourself to only one question during Q&A. You may re-prompt if you have additional questions. Also, please be aware that today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Leah Brady. Please go ahead.
Leah Brady: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Federal's Chief Executive Officer, Jeff Berkus, President and Chief Operating Officer, Dan Gee, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Jan Sweetnam, Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer, and Wendy Seher, Executive Vice President, Eastern Region President, as well as other members of our executive team that are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results, including guidance. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting packets that we issued tonight, our annual report filed on Form 10-K, and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. Given the number of participants on the call, we do kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question during the Q&A portion of our call. If you have additional questions, please requeue. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our third quarter results. Don?
Don Wood: Thank you, Leah, and good afternoon, everyone. Look, it's a really solid quarter for us, with a continuation of incredibly productive leasing, some strong occupancy gains, and an all-time record quarterly FFO per share at $1.71. The leasing productivity continues to outpace even our own elevated goals, with 126 leases for comparable space this quarter, totaling 581,000 square feet, and makes 11 of the past 15 quarters since the beginning of 2021 with comparable leasing productivity above a half a million square feet. As a frame of reference, the 15 quarters immediately preceding the last 15 averaged 413,000 square feet. There's no better indicator of demand for your product than that, somewhere between 25% and 35% more volume consistently over nearly four years. This quarter's comparable leases were written on average at $35 a foot in the first year of the new lease, 14% better than the rent paid in the last year of the old lease. And by the way, those numbers include 98% of our deals, so they are truly representative of the entire company's results. But what makes them that particularly impressive is that the rent on many of the previous leases has likely been growing at 3% or so over the last five to 10 years, and that there's still room to increase the new rent to start the next five to 10 years near cycle. It's actually 26% more on a straight-line basis because of those very important contractual bumps. We're also demonstrating a strong commitment to efficiently managing tenant leasing capital with net effective straight-line rollover after capital of 16%. And again, that's on all leases company-wide, not a non-representative subset. The weighted average contractual bumps inherent in all the leases done this quarter, small shop and anchors combined, was 2.4%, even better than the weighted average contractual bumps in place in our entire portfolio of 2.25%. Very likely the best portfolio-wide bumps of any large shopping center company and by a considerable margin. Of course, all that leasing had better translate to higher occupancy, and as you would expect, that continues to be the case. We ended the third quarter with a portfolio 95.9% leased and 94% occupied, up 60 and 90 basis points from the end of last quarter. And we still have room to grow on both the anchor and incredibly the small shop side where we ended up the quarter at 93.1% lease. When we look toward the future, the open air retail market remains supply constrained, and from what we're seeing, our consumer continues to spend. I don't know how many of you saw the October 11th Bloomberg article entitled, U.S. Consumer Spending is Increasingly Driven by Richer Households, but it's worth a read. The article chronicles the findings of a Fed study that has found an increasingly divergent spending pattern between the affluent customer, the ones who frequent Federal Realty shopping centers, and the less affluent. There was nothing at all surprising in the findings from our perspective, as it's been the thesis of our business plan for decades, but it's particularly relevant as inevitable cracks begin to show in consumer spending patterns. One of my favorite lines from that article goes like this, higher income households are enjoying a wealth effect from gains in housing and stock markets, and also receive more interest and investment income during periods of higher interest rates, all providing a stimulus for a sustained level of spending. Whatever happens with regard to consumer spending over there, out there over the next year or two, it's reasonable to think that Federal will compare favorably. Separately, but also worth noting, is that our apartment business is particularly strong. About 3,000 units concentrated at the big mixed-use properties and Darien. Year-to-date, our residential operating income on our stabilized resi properties is up 5.5% versus last year, 8.2% when including the new Darien Connecticut product. The Darien project, by the way, is impressive, with apartments fully leased, with a waiting list to get in, and unusually high initial retention rates, with retailers and restaurants that continue to open. For those of you that live up in that neck of the woods, check out the work we've done with that very successful development. Transaction activity during the quarter was limited to the previously disclosed $60 million acquisition of Pinole Vista Crossing in Pinole, California, although after the quarter in October, we're deep into negotiations for a couple of other market-dominant shopping centers. Due diligence is underway, and assuming all goes as expected, we hope to close on one or both of those over the next few months. Stay tuned. Also, I know a number of you were able to see Virginia Gateway, the 665,000-square-foot regional retail hub on 110 acres in Gainesville, Virginia, on one of the several tours over the past several weeks. But for those who haven't, just a couple of data points. First of all, it's looking like our acquisition timing was excellent, as our going-in cap rate of seven and a quarter likely couldn't be duplicated today for such a dominant asset. It would probably trade 50 to 75 basis points inside of that. And secondly, it looks like our leasing underwriting assumptions were too conservative and are following in the same vein as our earlier acquisitions. For example, we've done 22 deals at Kingstown Shopping Center in Alexandria, Virginia, since our 2022 acquisition, at an average 25% higher rent than projected. Similarly, at Pembroke Gardens in Florida, we've also done 22 deals since our 2022 acquisition, at an average of 16% higher rent than projected. And while it's only been a few months, Virginia Gateway seems to be trending the same way. We believe this pricing power reflects not only a supply-constrained market, but also our reputation with retailers who want to be in our properties because they know we'll make them better places for their businesses to be successful. In any event, these assets will likely generate cash-on-cash returns and IRRs materially greater than approved by our investment committee at the time the deals were done. In other news, productive activity toward lease-up at Santana West and 915 Meeting Street at Pike and Rose continues, with those buildings expected to be 70% and 90% leased respectively by year-end. And construction is well underway, and so far, on time and on budget, at Ballet-Kenwood Shopping Center on our 217-unit residential over retail development that we expect to yield 7% once completed and fully leased up. Also, we're continuing to make progress on some of the residential development opportunities we have at our existing assets through the combination of selective value engineering, more aggressive construction pricing, and higher forecasted rent growth. This company-wide effort to add apartment product to our best shopping centers is an important arrow in our quiver for sustained growth in the years to come. Stay tuned. Okay. Well, that's all I wanted to cover in prepared remarks this afternoon, and so I'll turn it over to Dan to provide more granularity before opening it up to your questions, and go Yankees tonight.
Dan Gee: Thank you, Don, and good afternoon, everyone. Our reported FFO per share of $1.71 for 3Q came in just above the midpoint of our quarterly guidance range of 166 to 175. The fact that it is our highest quarter of FFO per share ever provides further evidence of the strength in our underlying operating fundamentals across our portfolio. Primary drivers for the strong performance include stronger occupancy, driving rental income higher and lower G&A costs, which was offset by lower term fees than we forecast and higher property level expenses. Comparable growth excluding the impact of COVID-era prior period rent and term fees was 2.9%. That is a GAAP number. On a cash basis, it is 3.4%. Both numbers are essentially in line with our expectations for the period. Comparable minimum rents were up 3.3% on a GAAP basis and 3.8% on a cash basis. Solid results driven by continued leasing demand and surging occupancy. Let me jump now to the balance sheet and an update on our capital position. We stand with over $1.4 billion of available liquidity from our undrawn $1.25 billion credit facility, forward equity raised and net cash on hand. This liquidity stands against redevelopment and expansion spend remaining of only $180 million on our significant roughly $850 million in process redevelopment and expansion pipeline. We were active through the ATM program during the quarter, issuing over $145 million of common stock at a blended price of $113.27. These proceeds were utilized to partially fund the $287 million of investments year-to-date. In addition, we sold an incremental $82 million on a forward basis at 116 million to share roughly and we stand well positioned to fund a future acquisition pipeline which looks very promising. As a result, our leverage metrics continue to improve. Third quarter annualized net debt to EBITDA on a consolidated basis pro forma for the forward equity raised is 5.5x. Essentially at the upper end of our mid 5x level targeted level, several quarters earlier than we originally forecast. Fixed charge coverage increased to 3.7x for the quarter and that metric should continue to climb given the strong momentum in rental income and occupancy growth. These metrics combined with our significant liquidity leaves us with substantial dry powder to drive growth through external investment for acquisitions and/or new development and expansion projects. Now let's head to guidance. With three quarters of the year behind us and tenant demand continuing at a stronger pace than expected, we are raising our 2024 FFO guidance at the midpoint to $6.81 with the range tightened and refined upwards to $6.76 to $6.86. This revision implies FFO per share growth for 2024 of 4% at the midpoint. It also assumes FFO per share for the fourth quarter of $1.77 with a range of $1.72 to $1.82 per share. Comparable growth for the fourth quarter should be roughly 4%. This upward revision and guidance is driven by stronger underlying rent growth than forecast as occupancy metrics have outperformed our expectations. With respect to other assumptions, we've revised our outlook for term fees to $4 million to $5 million down from 4 to 6. While leasing progress continues both at 1 Santana West and 915 Meeting Street, none of this incremental activity is expected to impact our forecast for the balance of 2024. We will see that impact in 2025 and 2026 and more color to come on that outlook overall in February when we introduce formal guidance for 2025. Our capitalized interest expense forecast for 2024 has been refined to $19 million to $21 million up from 18 to 21. And we are maintaining our expected credit reserve for the year at 70 to 90 basis points. Year-to-date through the third quarter, we are at roughly 80 basis points. All other guidance assumptions are outlined on page 27 in our 8-K. Now, before we go to Q&A, let me provide some preliminary color for our 2025 outlook. First, prior period rents from COVID-era deferral agreements will wind down to essentially zero in 2025 from $3 million in 2024. Second, as tenants are reluctant to give back space in the current environment, term fees should be light for a second consecutive year, essentially flat to 2024. Capitalized interest will fall to the mid-teens as we place more of our significant $850 million development pipeline into service over the year. And we expect our credit reserve to be more normalized for 2025, given the expectation of a moderating economy. Use our historical average of roughly 100 basis points as a placeholder for now. Although currently, we do not see any significant near-term risks in the watch list as of today. On the positive side of the ledger, as outlined previously in our remarks, occupancy growth should continue upwards, likely towards 95% over the course of the year. Additionally, rent growth from sector-leading contractual bumps and strength in rollover should continue, as well as upside from recent acquisitions and contributions from the delivery of space in the redevelopment pipeline. All of these will more than offset any headwinds and fuel continued momentum in our bottom line FFO per share growth into 2025. And with that, operator, you can open the line for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, we will take our first question, which will come from Andrew Reale with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Andrew Reale: Occupancy and lease rate both took a nice jump sequentially, both on the anchor and shop side. Could you just speak to the drivers of that velocity? Any particular tenant categories standing out, commencement happening quicker than expected? Anything else that surprised you to the upside?
Don Wood: Yes, Andrew, let me start. And Wendy, who's in a different office, I want her to add to this to the extent there's something to say. It's a really good time to be in this business. And that comes from a number of things. Obviously, the demand is there. And in many cases, it's more than one or two or three tenants looking for a space. So that there is the ability to push that rent. And importantly, not only the rent, but the other terms in the lease. And what among those things is the things that control, the things that we can control and the tenant can control with respect to getting that space open. We have been able to improve the time it takes between the signing of a lease and the day rent starts pretty significantly throughout 2024, which I expect to be able to continue. It's a shortened process that is very helpful. But in addition to that, from a category perspective, there's no doubt in our minds that whether you're talking about a grocery-anchored shopping center that's well located, a mixed-use property that's well located, a larger regional shopping center with some boxes that position the proper space, there's a very broad coalition of demand. And that's what you're seeing in the returns.
Operator: And our next question will come from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: And definitely, let's go Yankees. You made a comment about acquisitions having a couple of opportunities at the end of the year here. Could you just talk to what kind of assets they are, quantum of dollars we're talking about, and if you've already seen some cap rate expansion or contraction, I should say, in some of those opportunities relative to where we were in the summer?
Don Wood: Juan, I will say a couple of things about it, but I don't want to say too much about it because I want the deals done, if you know what I mean. So first of all, we do tend to look for bigger assets, as you know. So in the ones I'm referring to, they are larger assets in excess of $100 million a piece, for example. So there are things that move the needle for us. There is a little window now. It's an interesting time where we are seeing some good product that is out there and being talked about a little bit that hopefully we can come down and make the deals on. There's the stuff we like, some of it in the mid-sixes, some of it 7%, 7% or so in that type of range with the growth, most importantly, that we require. I do think that's inside a little bit of where it was early or in the year, but we need IRRs, man. We need IRRs that make sense relative to our cost of capital. And so when you can honestly look at it and be up in the eights and the upper eights, even 9%, those deals look very attractive to us.
Operator: And our next question will come from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: And Don, we'll look for you on TV at the game. Just getting to external investment, when we were down with you guys, I guess last month, you were talking about development and how, maybe you're coming to the time where you could restart at like a Pike and Rose or some of the other mixed use where those incremental developments would be highly accretive given the critical mass here that you've already done at the same time acquisitions provide current income, but you have to deal with the existing in-place leases and the amount of time it takes you to go through the property and get it to the way that you want. So how do you balance the two and how close do you think you are to announcing a new development versus in the near term focusing more on acquisitions?
Don Wood: Thanks, Alex, for the question, especially for the way you've set it up, because what you're setting up is you're kind of validating for us the notion that having all of those arrows in the quiver, having the ability to develop, to redevelop, to buy at scale and with respect to intensifying the use of a shopping center, that those are critical skill sets that we have. And the development, the new buildings, if you will, the new stuff that we're looking at is likely to be largely skewed toward residential because adding apartments to a really high quality shopping center creates that notion of a mix of uses, not necessarily mixed use, because I think that's different, but a mix of uses, which allows you to get better rent generally in those apartments than in a more generic property type. So, and I think I said this in my remarks, the combination of construction costs, which are not generally rising in total any longer and in certain markets are coming down, mostly because of the profit margin that the subs are requiring, just good old-fashioned strong value engineering inherent in that, and an outlook for rents that look to be growing better than I would have thought a year ago or so on these are making these things closer. Now, I'm not ready to announce the next development that we're going to do yet. You know we're underway on Ballot and the way that one's going is very, very encouraging. So, I would hope over the next quarter or two that we'll be able to add another one or two additional projects like that. That's a good piece. And look, whether it's a development, whether it's a redevelopment, whether it's an acquisition, whatever it is, it's competing for our capital. And the notion of that competition for capital is how you balance. And that's frankly the judgment that you're paying for when you're investing in us to be able to know from a risk-adjusted basis what, where that capital should be deployed. The fact that we can deploy it in a number of different ways is a huge advantage in my view.
Operator: And our next question will come from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Goldsmith: Dan, the implied guidance range is pretty wide at $0.10. I think last year at this time it was more narrow at $0.08. So, is there just like a wider range of outcomes where we sit today versus maybe prior years as we head into the fourth quarter? Thanks.
Dan Gee: Yes. I think we wrestled with that. I don't think there's anything to look into that. Look, there is probably a little bit of variability heading into the final quarter, but nothing more than that. I think we were at $0.18 kind of at the end of the second quarter. Narrowing it to $0.10 kind of felt, reasonably appropriate but things can happen in a quarter. And so we've left that, I think, a little wider, but there's nothing to read into there.
Operator: And our next question will come from Craig Mailman with Citi. Please go ahead.
Craig Mailman: Dan, I know you mentioned there's nothing on the watchlist here. We should just assume that 100 basis points for next year. Is that just in the retail portfolio? Is there anything in the office portfolio that we've talked about, bluebird bio in the past? Anything specifically on them to worry about as we head into next year?
Dan Gee: Yes, look, they're on our, and when I say near term, near term is fourth quarter and into 2025. bluebird, for example, I think probably has enough runway. We've got enough of a security structure in place that should get us comfortable into 2026. Other than that, our credit quality, except for maybe one or two others, is really, really strong. Really, really high quality household names. And so we feel really outside of bluebird Bio, very, very comfortable overall with the balance of the office portfolio. And look, I don't think that there is probably Buy Buy Baby, which obviously, I think we were hoping to get more than one year out of that. We would expect that we'll get those stores back probably at some point over the next kind of few quarters but they don't pay a lot of rent. And we've already got backfills kind of teed up. So I think we're in a good spot.
Operator: And our next question will come from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: The leasing has obviously gone very well. Occupancy up more than expected. I'm just trying to understand the maintain same-store NOI guidance, though, and whether there's any offsetting factors we should be considering.
Dan Gee: Yes. I think that from -- we have a lot of, keep in mind with occupancy, it is a point in time. It's the last day of the quarter. It doesn't necessarily reflect the weighted average occupancy over the period. During the third quarter, a lot of our activity on move-ins and so forth happened candidly post-Labor Day. So the weighted average occupancy was not close, really, to 94%, which is where we ended up for rent pay. Just to highlight just for the quarter, look, we had and we expect this to be temporary, but we had some expenses that hit. We are bringing online, but the expenses actually for the comparable piece, expenses were up and I think we want to make sure that these are kind of one-timers. And so I think we were probably a bit conservative on the same-store guide. We will have, I think, a pretty strong fourth quarter as a result of kind of, I think the pickup in occupancy, and we'll recognize in the fourth quarter that the benefit of being at 94%.
Operator: And our next question will come from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa: Don and Wendy, I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the pricing environment and how the conversations are going with retailers, both on the small shop side as well as on the big box. And given where your lease percentage sits, I'm just wondering how those conversations might be changing in your favor.
Don Wood: Wendy, would you mind taking that?
Wendy Seher: Sure. Steve, we continue to see, as everybody has suggested, that the demand is exceeding the supply, no question. I think, I always look at it as it relates to the health ratio and the amount of sales that a tenant could do and how we can drive that. So we're seeing some great advantages into that. For example, when you think about the restaurant category or the QSR category over our mixed-use properties, we have full-service restaurants doing over $900 a foot on average, $1,100 a foot on average in our QSRs. So there's room to grow some healthy rents there. On the rest of our properties, very strong as well, $900, over $900 a foot average on our QSRs and $600 in our full service. So we're having the ability to push that. In addition to the economics and the kind of rent rollover that we're getting, where, as Don has mentioned, we've gotten greater bumps to our contractual, to our contract, which has been positive. And then also, just as importantly, we're able to, we always concentrate on what kind of controls and what's really in that loop. And I say that we're having even more success on limiting any controls that a retailer may have gotten in other deals that we no longer see viable for this particular location and limiting the restrictions that we have to live with sometimes for a longer period of time. So it's collectively been very positive.
Operator: Our next question will come from Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Floris van Dijkum: Don, I'm rooting with you for the Yanks, but things don't look great, by the way.
Don Wood: Thanks for the commentary, Flores.
Floris van Dijkum: Yes. My question is on, you're essentially getting, I mean, you sold your forwards at $115 a share, or just over $115 a share, almost $116 a share, which is an excess of your NAV. So you're getting, you're essentially having a green light to grow externally. How, you did, you indicate you've got, two larger deals in the works, and hopefully we'll get some updates over the next month, month or two on that. But are you thinking about stepping up your pace, or is it difficult finding acquisitions? Maybe you can talk a little bit about the environment out there, and then also about your ability to do OPU transactions. What is the appetite from sellers to do those kinds? Because they tend to, particularly where your stock is today, that could make it be more accretive for you as well.
Don Wood: Thanks, Flores. I'm going to turn this over to Jan Sweetnam and to Jeff to talk about the acquisitions in a minute, but I am going to correct something. I don't accept the premise that we are above our NAV at the price that we issued. I think we are, when we look at the price that we issued those shares, we like very much the trade for that versus what we did with that capital or are doing with that capital. And that is certainly accretive and makes all the sense in the world. But the basic notion that, this company is trading at NAV, I just disagree with. So let me just turn that over, then turn it over and answer your questions to Jan and to Jeff.
Jan Sweetnam: Thanks, Don. Hi, Flores. Jan speaking. Yes, the acquisition market feels like it's going to be picking up and our capital has done relatively well in the near term. And it feels like we're going to have an opportunity to get a few of these over the next several quarters as they start to roll out, starting with one or two that we've got in the pipeline right now that are both, they're larger, they're impactful. The bidding pool tends to be a little bit smaller at $100 million, $200 million acquisitions. And it feels like the acquisitions are going to be accretive from day one and still have pretty good growth prospects for us. So we view it as a good vehicle for us in the next several quarters and we'll kind of see how it plays itself out. We have the OP unit structure in place. We're not negotiating anyone right now, but we've certainly had sellers that are interested in tax protection. We'll probably see more of that in the future and we'll see if we can get one of those done or not.
Jeff Berkus: Yes, and hey, Flores, it's Jeff. I agree, obviously, with everything Jan's saying. I still think we have a lot of people sitting on the fence with the treasury around four and a quarter and, with their fingers crossed, hoping that that's going to continue to cut rates and the treasury will come down. They will sell at a better period of time. But we're starting to see some people capitulate and realize that, that's probably not going to happen in a meaningful way and bring their properties to market. So there's more on the market right now. Our pipeline is fuller than it has been in a while and we expect it to get better as the clarity on long-term rates improves.
Operator: And our next question will come from Dori Kesten with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Dori Kesten: Don, you just said you don't believe you're trading near NAV. I know you've said that before. Where do you think your NAV should be? And I guess, what do you think we on this side are missing?
Don Wood: Oh, Dori, I'm not going to give you a number for Pete's sake. You should know that. But what I am going to say is, when you look at our portfolio, particularly if you look at the big four, that there is an awful lot of development, basically by right, because we've done all the work on the entitlement side historically, to be able to create significant value down the road. Now, can we start on it and make sense of it completely today? Of course not. But the notion of does that stuff have value given what we've done at those places? I don't even think that's debatable to any real estate person. And so that is the primary thing that I'm talking about here. But also in some of the rest of the portfolio, the ability to effectively do intensification on over a dozen of our shopping centers with residential development potentially down there has value to real estate people and that I don't think is being recognized today. And I'm not even sure it necessarily should be in the public market. That's up to the public market to decide. But certainly with respect to, I can tell you this, if we were ever to sell any of those assets, we certainly would get paid for that opportunity. So that's what I was referring to, Dori.
Operator: And our next question will come from Mike Mueller with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Mike Mueller: Yes. Hi. This, I guess, is a similar question to what was just asked. But I mean, just thinking about retail driven redevelopment and new development, I mean, considering how robust your leasing has been, the rates you're getting in new leases, I'm just curious, like, how, I guess, how close are you to pivoting your bias from resi driven developments to the extent that you start to ramp them again back to retail?
Don Wood: Yes. I don't think it's a pivot, Mike, the way I think about it. It's another potential opportunity that is competing for the capital of the company. And when we look at what those opportunities are, I suspect you will see a number of residential development opportunities. I know you will see a number of acquisition opportunities that would grow. And I don't think they're mutually exclusive. I don't think one goes away when another one goes on. They compete for our capital. I will say, and I think I've said this before, I do see us getting closer to being able to make numbers work, frankly, on the residential side for the reasons that I've cited. Because as you know, over the past number of years, that switch has been turned off effectively. So you know and I know that's not staying off forever. And it will have to compete for capital with the acquisitions.
Dan Gee: And retail redevelopments, I think are also, you should see some of those added over the next several quarters. And so stay tuned on that perspective. And also keep in mind in our markets where we have really high barriers to entry, the land values make single story retail development really difficult to pencil on a risk adjusted basis. And so that's why we haven't seen that currently.
Operator: And our next question will come from Linda Tsai with Jeffries. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Yes. Hi. How do you think about the contribution of development to earnings next year?
Dan Gee: Look, I think that we have, I think a number of projects which will be contributing in a reasonably reasonable way. Huntington, for example. Darien, we're finishing up. We've got some others. We've got 915 Meeting Street. Obviously, we'll be finishing out the leasing hopefully there over the course of the year. We could see some drag just as we begin to deliver spaces and reduce our capitalized interest number as I highlighted in my guidance assumption. And we're going to try and do a good job in matching up the rent commencements. We may not be able to do that perfectly. But as I said, I think that all other systems, whether it be from the comparable pool, will offset any modest drag that we have from that perspective. And so I think that we will have very, very solid growth next year, I think, and hope to be sector leading again.
Operator: And our next question will come from Paulina Rojas with Green Street. Please go ahead.
Paulina Rojas: Your cash releasing spreads were strong this quarter. Given the strength of retailer demand and your targeted consumer, should we expect releasing spreads to inch higher in 2025? And related to that, can you share your thoughts on OCR, where they are versus historical patterns, and the degree to which you can push rents even more aggressively going forward?
Don Wood: Yes. Paulina, let me give you a couple of points of view. First of all, in any one quarter, you're talking about the specifics of the deals that were done in that particular quarter. In the third quarter, there were a number of deals where we had some really strong rollovers at properties that old leases effectively coming up that allowed us to push rent significantly in the quarter. That's a good thing. That resulted in not only great rollover, but an awful lot of volume at that great rollover. I think that's a variable that you will see often in the high single digits or low double digits on a cash basis because of the bumps, nearly double that on a regular basis for the straight-line piece, which I think is really, really important in understanding that. I think that should stay strong based on everything that we see. That doesn't mean every quarter is going to be 14% and 26% on a cash straight line basis, but it does mean that the ability to push rents is really important. In terms of OCR, there's a couple of things to say about that. First of all, we don't get the sales reporting for as many tenants as I would like throughout the portfolio. The mall business used to be able to get it for almost everybody. We get, gosh, a third or so of those tenants reporting. But having said that, we also have lots of conversations with tenants. It seems to me that our OCR, if I were to guess, and this is just a guess, is something like 9% or so. When you look at a number like that for most businesses, that suggests that there is room to grow. If you take a look at what we're writing new leases at versus what the overall in place rent is in the portfolio, you'll come to the same conclusion, that there is room to go. This is certainly a strong leasing environment. It's been so for a couple of years now. I would hope that that would continue into 2025.
Operator: Our next question will come Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Yes, go Yanks. Don, I guess a question for you. I was curious on how you're thinking about dispositions versus new equity here as a source of capital. The IRRs and some of the opportunities you're probably looking at may very well exceed the future returns expected from some of your lower tier, lower growth assets. How do you balance the merits of a capital recycling strategy to improve the long-term growth profile versus tapping the equity market? Thanks.
Don Wood: That's a great question, Hendel. It's a great question. It's why we always, and this is not a once in a while thing for us, we always are evaluating the balance between what the growth of our lower X percent, whatever that is, of the portfolio is at versus what we could get paid for it and the depth of the particular market for that particular shopping center. Every year, we're doing some. The question is, should we do more? Should we do less? That does come down to the overall balance and competition between the uses of capital that we have, where our earnings growth should be, all of that. I would point you to the past to determine the future in terms of capital recycling. It's a really good portfolio, Haendel. Certainly, there are assets in that portfolio, like any portfolio, that are at the lower end from a growth perspective. But it is, in managing it for the long-term, we're going to make sure that we're selling a number of assets per year to the extent we can, sometimes more, sometimes less, based on what the market will allow. The same process for acquisitions, the same process for development.
Operator: And with that, we will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Leah Brady for any closing remarks.
Leah Brady: Look forward to seeing many of you over the next few weeks. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a great day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Second Quarter of 2024 Earnings Call. All participants are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over Brenda Pomar, Senior Director of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Brenda Pomar: Good evening. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Dawn Wood, Federal Chief Executive Officer, Jeff Berkus, President and Chief Operating Officer, Dan Gee, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Jan Sweetnam, Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer, and Wendy Sear, Executive Vice President, Eastern Region President, as well as other members of our executive team that are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results, including guidance. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued tonight, our annual report files on Form 10-K, and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial conditions and results of operations. Given the number of participants on the call, we kindly ask that you limit yourselves to one question during the Q&A portion of our call. If you have additional questions, please re-queue. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our second quarter results. Don?
Donald Wood: Thanks, Brenda, and good afternoon, everyone. So here are the highlights. All-time record quarterly FFO per share at $1.69, exceeding internal expectations, analyst consensus, and a very tough comp one year ago. All-time record second quarter comparable leasing volume at 594,000 square feet, within 4,000 square feet of the most comparable leasing volume ever in any quarter. Strong occupancy gains on both a lease and an occupied basis, the 95.3 and 93.1 respectively, up 100 and 110 basis points respectively from the last quarter, levels not seen since the 2017-2019 time period. Quarterly residential operating income on our stabilized REDI properties up 6.7% versus last year, 9.5% when including the new Darien Connecticut products. By the way, the apartments at Darien Commons are 99% leased with a waiting list to get in. Strong transactional activity in the quarter with the $215 million acquisition of Virginia Gateway and the $12 million buyout of the minority interest at CocoWalk, not to mention the sale of our remaining assets on Third Street Promenade in Santa Monica for $103 million. The momentum continued in July with our $60 million acquisition of Pinole Vista Crossing in Pinole, California. Yes, this was a very strong quarter, top to bottom, and based on what we see with our deal pipeline, this leasing environment is expected to continue to at least the balance of the year. Let me give you a little more color on leasing and its impact on our financing. 122 comparable deals at an average starting rent of $37.72 per foot compared with the final year of the previous lease of $34.29. 10% more rent to start, and that's great. By the way, those numbers include 98% of our deals, so they are truly representative of the entire company's results. But what makes that particularly impressive is that the rent on many of the previous leases has likely been growing at 3% or so over the last five or 10 years, and there's still room to increase the new rent to start the next five to 10-year cycle. It's actually 23% more on a straight-line basis because of those very important contractual bumps. Contractual rent bumps on all of our commercial deals on this quarter averaged 2.4% and sit at roughly 2.25% portfolio-wide, very likely the best portfolio-wide in the business. This isn't new for us. It's why in the last 20 years, this company has grown its bottom-line earnings, 18 of them, with only the great financial crisis and the global pandemic momentary setbacks. In this second quarter, 2Q year-over-year growth is muted, largely due to the bed-bath stores that were all still open in the second quarter of last year. Yet we still expect the whole-year growth over 2023 to be right at the top of the sector. Compare FFO for share growth over the past one, three-year, five-year, 10-year, 20-year periods against any other large retail portfolio that has a long history, and you'll see why we're so committed to our way of doing things. The impact on occupancy on both a leased and fiscal basis has been steady and impressive over the last three years, but never more so than this quarter. Both small shop and anchor occupancy growth stood out. In the 2024 second quarter, we picked up 100 basis points in overall lease percentage, bringing it to 95.3. Great result, thanks to record-setting leasing volumes, the acquisition of a well-leased Virginia Gateway, the sale of a less well-leased Third Street Promenade, and by the planned redevelopment of places like Andorra Shopping Center. Our anchor lease percentage gained 90 basis points alone since last quarter and sits at 96.7%. There's another 100-plus basis points to come here. Let me talk for a moment or two about the transactions this quarter, starting with the sale of Third Street Promenade in Santa Monica. First of all, what a great investment this has been for the Trust over the past 25 years. A 13% unlevered IRR over that period and a springboard for this company into relationships with a type of tenant that benefited every mixed-use and lifestyle-oriented project we did. Over the past few years, we lost confidence in the future income growth there for a host of reasons and sold to a local developer for $103 million, on in $20 million when including a one-off sale there late last year. Reinvesting those proceeds in a dynamic asset like Virginia Gateway with far more future growth possibilities seemed like a no-brainer. We've spoken about Virginia Gateway at various events and meetings over the past couple of months, so I won't use this time to repeat them. Suffice it to say, our Virginia management and development team is all over it and excited to have the new raw material to create significant value over the next few years through releasing and selective placemaking and redevelopment. Earlier this week, we closed on the acquisition of Pinal Business Shopping Center in Northern California for $60 million, which will generate an initial cash-on-cash return in the low sevens and will grow from there. This dominant 216,000 square foot grocery-anchored regional shopping center sits on 19 acres and was purchased at $277 a foot. Not bad. The center fits in nicely with our West Coast portfolio complementing Crow Canyon Commons and East Bay Bridge in the East Bay and will be managed from our West Coast headquarters at Santana Road. We're not done on the acquisition front either. Lease-up at Santana West continues with a newly signed deal with an AI-powered cloud database provider for 24,000 square feet on the first floor of the state-of-the-art building. Active negotiations with other prospective tenants for much of the remainder of the building should enable us to continue to report on new deals. And in Lower Merion Township outside Philadelphia, the longstanding Old Lord & Taylor building at our Bala Cynwyd Shopping Center has been fully demolished and construction is underway on our $95 million residential development of 217 apartments with ground floor retail that will be integrated with and complementary to one of federal's most successful shopping centers. We expect a 7% stabilized yield here. It's nice to see that development economics can still work in the right locations. You might be interested to know that in addition to Bala Cynwyd, we have over 3,700 residential units with active design or entitlements in process at a dozen of our existing assets. As construction costs continue to stabilize, as they've been doing, and rents continue to rise with inflation, as they've been doing, these projects are getting closer and closer to pension. Stay tuned. By the way, for those New Yorkers listening who may have reason to be out on Long Island around Huntington, please stop by our completely redeveloped and reimagined Huntington Shopping Center, where the brand new Whole Foods opened just last week and joined a new cadre of tenants, including REI, Ulta, New Dining Alternatives, and others. Set in a beautifully landscaped, comfortable setting, it really represents the best of federal realty thinking and execution. The $85 million comprehensive redevelopment brought in on time and on budget. The before and after effect is pretty striking. Huntington Shopping Center is now a worthy, grocery-anchored, open-air complement to Simon's powerful Walt Whitman Mall next door. As I was finishing up these prepared remarks earlier in the week, I was reading them to the senior team in preparation for this call. Our President Jeff Burke sat back reflectively and commented as to how significant the results of our capital allocation decisions have been over the past 90 to 120 days, given the relative size of this company. He's right. Collectively, they're meaningful and they move the needle in a 102-property portfolio. Between Virginia Gateway and Pinole, we've made nearly 900,000 square feet of acquisitions, deploying $275 million of capital at a 7-plus percent yield. We've completed a comprehensive and transformational $85 million redevelopment in Huntington, New York, began a new $95 million mixed-use development in Bella, and freed up $103 million of underperforming capital with the third-street promenade sale, all while executing 124 total leases for over 600,000 square feet of commercial space, cementing future growth. I'd say the future looks bright. That's all I wanted to cover in my prepared remarks this afternoon, so I'll turn it over to Dan to provide more granularity before opening it up to your questions.
Dan Gee: Thank you, Don, and hello, everyone. Our reported FFO per share, $1.69 for the second quarter, came in at the top of our quarterly guidance range of $1.63 to $1.69. This result was against a tough second quarter 2023 comp, which was our previous record for quarterly FFO, highlighting the overall strength and operating fundamentals across the portfolio. Primary drivers for the strong performance? Simply POI growth in our comparable portfolio, driven by strong property-level expense controls, acceleration in our occupancy levels, and continued strength in our residential portfolio. Comparable POI growth, excluding the impact of prior period rent and term fees, was 2.9%. Now that's GAAP. It's 3.1% on a cash basis. Both numbers are above our expectation for the period, and you will see a revision upward in guidance as a result. Comparable total property revenues were up 3.1%, with comparable min rents up 2.7% on a GAAP basis and 2.9% on a cash basis. Solid results when you keep in mind that Bed Bath & Beyond was in possession of largely paying rent throughout the second quarter in 2023. Portfolio occupancy increased in the quarter to 95.3% leased and 93.1% occupied. Both metrics over 100 basis points increased since March 31. As a result, rent from signed leases not yet occupied in the existing portfolio stayed elevated at $26 million, with an additional $13 million of rent to come online from leases signed in the non-comparable pipeline. Also note that we continue to have a robust leasing pipeline with a significant amount of new leases being negotiated for currently vacant space. With a tenant watch list that is minimal, given our lack of exposure to troubled tenants, and our proven ability to get tenants open and rent paying for a tenant coordination team that is second to none, we expect our current spread between leased and occupied to move toward our target of 125 basis points over the quarters ahead. As we stood last quarter, we are extremely well positioned again to drive our occupancy metrics over the balance of the year and have increased our targeted year-end occupancy level to roughly 93.5%. The strength in leasing from a rollover and contractual rent bug perspective, with 10% cash rollover and 2.4% blended increases from combined anchor and small shop leases, resulted in a straight-line lease rollover of 23% and net effective straight-line rollover after capital of 15%, which highlights our ongoing focus on controlling tenant capital. Now to the balance sheet and an update on our liquidity position. Given roughly $700 million of successful refinancing activity to start 2024, we have no material maturities until 2026. We stand with about $1.3 billion of available liquidity from our $1.25 billion credit facility and net cash on hand. This liquidity stands against redevelopment expansion spend remaining of only $65 million for the balance of 2024 and only $205 million remaining to spend on our needle-moving $850 million in-process redevelopment and expansion pipeline. With the completion of the sale of Third Street Promenade in Santa Monica for $103 million, access to the equity markets and the acquisition of Virginia Gateway and buyout of our partners at CocoWalk, along with meaningful growth in EBITDA this quarter, our leverage metrics at June 30 continue to show improvement. 2Q annualized net debt-to-EBITDA has decreased to 5.8 times that metric targeted to improve over the course of 2024 and reach the mid-fives in 2025. Fixed charge coverage increased to 3.6 times for the quarter. That metric should also improve as incremental EBITDA continues to come online. And with respect to guidance, with a solid first two quarters behind us and tenant demand continuing at a stronger pace than expected, we are raising our 2024 FFO guidance from $6.77 per share at the midpoint to $6.79, with the range refined upwards to $6.70 to $6.88. This represents 3.7% bottom-line FFO growth at the midpoint and 5% at the upper end of the range. Strong growth in the face of a higher interest rate environment that faced us in both 2022 and again here in 2023 and again here in 2024. This upward revision implies over 5% FFO growth at the midpoint in the second half of 2024. This upward revision is driven by stronger underlying portfolio performance than expected, as occupancy metrics outperform expectations, as well as the acquisition of Virginia Gateway and Old Vista Crossing, combined with the sale in Santa Monica, which only provides modest net accretion this year but will contribute more fully in 2025. Our guidance reflects only these three transactions. As a reminder, prospective acquisitions and dispositions will be reflected in our guidance when completed. We are also revising our Comparable Growth Outlook, upward comparable growth, excluding prior-period rents and term fees, is revised to 3% to 4%, 3.5% at the midpoint. We are leaving our Comparable Growth Outlook as is at 2.25% to 3.5%, given term fees year-to-date have lagged. As such, we are adjusting downward our assumption for term fees from $4 million to $7 million to $4 million to $6 million, as well as our assumption for G&A expense down to $48 million to $51 million. While leasing progress continues both at 1 Santana West and 915 Meeting Street, none of this incremental activity is expected to impact our forecast for 2024. We will see the benefit in 2025. More to come on that outlook overall as the year progresses, additional leases get signed, and clarity on delivery dates becomes more evident. We are maintaining our expected credit reserve of 70 to 90 basis points, and all other guidance assumptions can be found outlined on page 27 of our aid kit. Now, before we go to Q&A, let me highlight that yet again, Federal Realty's Board of Directors has declared an increase in its quarterly common dividend per share to $1.10, or $4.40 per share on an annualized basis, which represents the 57th consecutive year we've increased the dividend. In REIT industry records, we stand as the only REIT with the status as a Dividend King, which signifies 50 or more consecutive years of annual dividend increases. A 57-year record serves as a testament to our commitment to delivering a stable, growing cash flow stream for our common shareholders. With that, Operator, I'm going to open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Juan Sanabria with BMO. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, thank you for the time. Just hoping, Don, you could talk a little bit more about the acquisition environment. Has the touch of assets you're looking for changed? I think before you're focused on kind of larger assets with less competition. And just general pricing expectations, great success year-to-date, but have cap rates come in at all or that low 7% is still kind of the bogey that we should have in the back of our minds?
Donald Wood: Yes, no, Juan, it's a very fair question. We talked earlier in the year about a window and being able to jump through the window when the arbitrage kind of makes sense. I can tell you that if we signed up Virginia Gateway today, it would be more expensive than what we bought at Crystal Clear so that they have come in a little bit. As you would expect with assumptions of interest rates overall coming down. I mean, there's nothing more sensitive than that. Yet still, we've got some things working in the hopper that look like they can make some sense again, whether we close them or not, I don't know. But yes, you should absolutely, you should assume that there's a direct correlation between the product that's available out there and what the cost of money is. So frankly, the ones that we've built made so far where we hit that window right on, I'm feeling great about those two. In terms of the others that we were looking at now, still assume around the same places, maybe inside a little bit. But, let's see what happens with interest rates in the rest of the year with respect to how much product is available.
Juan Sanabria: Great. And then just you mentioned kind of incremental leasing at Santana. Just curious kind of where that is leased today. If there's been any update from Splunk and Cisco and how we should think about capitalized interest in 2025 with the leasing progress you've made to date for that specific asset?
Donald Wood: Dan, you want to take that?
Dan Gee: Yes, sure. So Juan, the leasing at Santana West with this new AI-based tech company is going to bring us well above 50%. We have letters of intent. We're working back and forth, actually pretty rapidly right now, with about another 70,000 square feet of demand there. We may not be able to sign all of them. We'll see. But I would think that we'll start to get pretty well leased up by the end of the year, beginning of the first quarter of next year. So seeing pretty good activity. Smaller tenants, we're breaking floors. And that's where we're seeing really, really strong demand. And no update whatsoever on Cisco or Splunk or what their plans are. At least still a ways off. And we'll have to see what comes with that.
Donald Wood: And with regards to capitalized interest, with regards to 2025, we have no change in terms of the outlook. I think we're getting better clarity. But I think we still need more things to pull in place before we'll provide any guidance on that front.
Operator: And our next question will come from Dori Kesten with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Dori Kesten: Thanks for taking my question. You previously talked about adding about 100 basis points of small shop occupancy this year and I believe 200 on anchor. And I think you're already there on small shop and pretty close on anchor. Can you give us an update on your perspective about where you may end the year?
Donald Wood: Yes. I expected this question, Dori, because we blew through our assumptions with respect to what we assumed. And, as I said, I still think there's another 100 basis points or so to go more on anchor. I don't think it's this year. I think it's between, it's by the end of 2025, effectively there on small shop. Man, there might be a little bit more to go there too, which I was not expecting to be able to say. But the pipeline really looks very strong. So that's all good news. I don't know if I have a number for you. No, no. I mean, in my prepared remarks, I highlighted that we've revised upward our targeted year in occupancy level to roughly 93.5%. That's a bull mark estimate and obviously dependent upon, how quickly we can get folks open in terms of what deals we've got already executed.
Operator: And our next question will come from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Same property NOI sold [ph] sequentially in the quarter, though presumably that reflects the more difficult comparison, just given the guidance that applies like a return same property NOI growth back to that like mid-to-high 3% range. But can you just talk a little bit about the assumptions of like how you get there? Is that right that we're getting back to kind of like the that mid-to-high 3% range and just kind of like outline some of the expectations on how you get there through the back half of the year? Thanks.
Donald Wood: Sure. I think it's really going to be driven by occupancy. I've got largely kind of it was a little back end of the quarter weighted in terms of the moves it move ins. So we didn't see, I think, fully the strength in occupancy growth during the quarter. And so we'll see that more fully in the third quarter. And I think we expect to be kind of in the mid to upper threes in the second half of the year. I think it's not a big stretch just assuming occupancy rates are elevated in the second half of the year.
Operator: And our next question will come from Steve Sakwa with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Good afternoon. Dan, I guess as you sit here August 1st, you got a lot of things that are kind of known and in the bag and you don't really have any that speaking of to mature the tier, I guess just help us think through the swing factors of getting to the low end of the FFO range and kind of the high end of the FFO range.
Dan Gee: Yes, look, I think that we outline on our guidance page, I think all the different factors that can get us to the upper end and the lower end. I think occupancy is a big driver to get us towards the top of the range. I think other things that are on there, whether it be other revenue, whether it be parking or percentage rent, are probably kind of more middle of the road in terms of what our expectations have been this year so far. Term fees will lag based upon where we are this year because tenants candidly really don't want to get space back. So that's going to be end up coming in probably closer to the bottom of our range, given where we sit today. And I think we also look, we have a very conservative approach to revenue recognition in terms of, and some of it's just timing. Timing of when cash basis tenants pay, and that can cause some swings between quarters and so forth. So that's part of it. And it's also, I think, a big driver of getting us to the top of the range again is really, how successful we can be in continuing to get tenants open on time or ahead of time and beating our rent commencement dates. It's going to be critical from that perspective. And then to a certain degree is how many, we do have some floating rate exposure to get us further up is, are we, do we have one, do we have two, do we have three rate cuts? I mean, I think that's probably more going to be more impactful next year. But also that's a little bit of a swing.
Operator: And our next question will come from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good evening. So based on retailer guidance, it appears tenant sales growth is under some pressure. And there's plenty of anecdotes out there about challenges facing the lower end consumer and potentially inching up the socioeconomic ladder as well. Are you seeing any of this leak into tenant conversations or willingness to be taking new space right now? Or do retailers just seem either immune or they don't care that this is happening?
Wendy Seher: Yes, Greg, it's Wendy. We are not seeing that diminish in any way the leasing demand that we're seeing over our various different product types. So I think if you look at the tenants that are in our portfolio, that lower end tenant that's sensitive, whether it's Dollar Tree or Party City or some of the, those tenants that are even McDonald's as they just came out with some varied reports on the consumer and their impact on that lower end consumer. So we are not seeing that. In fact, we were having discussions with Starbucks the other day. And they've had some mixed results that you saw come out. And I was looking at all of our 40 some locations that we have with them. And we're not seeing any impact on their sales because our demographic in our markets is more of that affluent upper end demographic. So there is some fatigue showing in the $6 latte, but not so much in our markets.
Operator: And our next question will come from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, I'm not sure it's up in my name today, but it's Alexander still. Don, question for you on new supply. We keep hearing the same thing, which is that rents would have to be 35%, 50% higher to justify, new supply and mass. So I'm just curious, as you guys look at redevelopment and taking down portions of centers rebuilding, are you looking at the same rent math needed to do basic redevelopment? And if not, what explains the significant difference in rents needed to pencil between new supply and redevelopments?
Donald Wood: Yes, no, Alex, you're, and I'm not calling you Alexandra, by the way, you're Alex to me, buddy. You've got a couple of things to think about, including construction costs. And let me start with that, because that is the first thing that, that it's been a long time since we've seen pressure on, on prices, construction prices coming down, and we are starting to see that. Now, whether that's actually the cost of things like lumber, which is under pressure, certainly to come down, given the lack of housing starts, whether it's, whether it's lack of work, so that the developers profit, is they're more willing to take less profit. There are incremental changes there that are very important to this, to the whole equation. And then when you come to, when you come to the rents and what rents are needed, it obviously not only depends on the starting rent, but it definitely depends on where you see your growth. And particularly when we're talking about a number of the things that we would redevelop, in particular, we got a lot of residential stuff that would be added to our existing properties, like, like Bell. And so you're -- we're sitting there saying, there, you clearly know that there's, there's, more housing needed throughout the country globally. And when you're sitting, you add them to mixed use, or to shopping centers to create more of a mixed use environment there. The -- what we've seen is the ability to press up, like I've told you on my residential rents. So the combination of where those rents are going, or are today, will be tomorrow and continue to grow coupled with, with construction costs are really important. And as I'm talking to you, Jeff Berkes is putting up his finger. So he's got something else to say, Alex, we're going to add that in. Go ahead, Jeff.
Jeff Berkes: Hey, Alex. If you're thinking about this from a, are we concerned about more competitive retail supply coming into our trade areas? I would definitely say that, the vast, vast majority of the places where we're located, single story retail service parking is not the highest and best use of the land, which is what Don's getting to, our locations lend themselves to densification, maybe a little bit of ground floor retail and an apartment building or something like that. And we are starting to see those economics become more viable. But, in terms of us getting a lot of competitive new supply in the trade areas where we do business, we just don't see that. In fact, we see a lid on supply and maybe downward pressure on supply, which is giving us a lot of pricing power with retailers.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Spector: Great. Thank you. Maybe, follow up on all the leasing that you've executed. Can you talk a little bit more about categories? And I know you talked, you had a comment about lattes, but there are a lot of questions on restaurants. I guess, can you talk a little bit more about again, leasing demand by category, what you're trying to fill at this point, and then any other, anecdotal comments you can share and what you're seeing throughout the portfolio in some of the categories like restaurants that people are concerned over? Thank you.
Wendy Seher: Yes, I think in terms of categories, it's still pretty widespread in terms of what we see, again, in our different property types. So that remains strong. I was looking at sales from the first part of last year to the first part of this year, because when we're looking at what we're concerned about, our sales growing is one metric to look at, and AI is another metric to look at as to who's visiting our shopping centers. There's multiple points to kind of check the health and the productivity of our tenants. So I was looking, for example, fast casual restaurants is booming with us. And I think maybe what we're seeing is there's just more options out there. That's a big category that we've been focused on in many of our properties. Whole price apparel is doing quite well. Specialty foods are doing quite well. So those, all those and anything health and beauty related off the charts. So anything in those categories, they're growing like an 8% to 12% per year. And so when those sales are growing, we're still being able to push those rents. So, and that doesn't even get into with some of the retailers. Sales is one metric and that e-commerce distribution is another metric that we don't always have full eyes on that can be quite productive from a retailer perspective.
Donald Wood: Jeff, I feel like I always have to caveat whenever a question comes up about categories. I feel like I always have to qualify it by saying, you have to look at the operators and you have to look at best-in-class operators in whatever the category is. Because as we see, I mean, I was just looking at sales numbers for our restaurants, for example, at Santana Row, at Pike and Rose Assembly Row, extremely productive. And part of the reason they're extremely productive is because there's some of the best operators in the space. If you've got the best properties, you've got the ability to be a little bit more choosy on who comes into those properties. And that applies whether you're talking about, apparel operators, shop, small, smaller shop, apparel operators, restaurant operators, gym operators, all of it. And when you look at a time where the consumer is, there is worry about the consumer going forward, I can tell you, mediocre businesses go away. Strong businesses find their way through. And so that understanding of the strength of the operator has to be figured into the mix when you ask about categories. It's more than just categories.
Operator: And our next question will come from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. Going back to development, redevelopment, whenever you decide it's the right time to flex up again the program, do you think it's going to be more retail focused or mixed use, resi focused at first?
Donald Wood: I think it's going to, so what we've learned on, our mixed use properties is absolutely that the integration of the uses, and this actually applies to office too, that we'll be building office anytime soon. But that the integration of those units, whether you're talking about residential or whether you're talking about office or whatever you're talking about, is clearly much more impactful if it's near all the other amenities. It's the fully amenitized environment. So when you look at our shopping centers, you know that our shopping centers are in pretty darn good demographic areas where the rents for residential would largely be high enough or getting to be high enough to be able to make those numbers work. So when I talk in my comments about 3,700 apartment units that are either entitled or being entitled or being designed, that's probably where we'll start as evidenced by ballot in terms of where kind of big development happens. Now, if you go out to Huntington, that's a complete, retail redevelopment of a shopping center. And that opportunity came to us, frankly, before COVID. And we've worked through that. When I look now, I believe residential adding to our retail shopping centers is probably where you'll see us starting as evidenced by ballot.
Operator: And our next question will come from Craig Mailman with Citi. Please go ahead.
Craig Mailman: Hey, good evening. Just maybe a quick two part here. One, have you guys disclosed yet the cap rate on Santa Monica? And then two, I noticed you guys did issue some equity during the quarter. And I'm just curious, as you continue to acquire assets, potentially in the back half of this year into 2025, kind of the sources of capital, whether it be equity or would you sell more assets into the potential strength here with the 10 year coming in a bit, kind of what's the optimal mix as you guys look to redeploy capital, the most accretive methods?
Donald Wood: What was the first part of the question? You got two questions in there.
Craig Mailman: The first one was on Santa Monica...
Donald Wood: The cap rate on Santa Monica is kind of a little bit of a hard one. I mean, kind of, it's kind of mid to upper sixes, kind of in place, but it quickly kind of goes down into the fives. And next year and the year after that, low fives. So, the unlevered IRR that we kind of penciled is kind of has a low six handle on it. So it's a really attractive source of capital. Not as accretive this year as we would like, but very much accretive over the longer term. The second piece in terms of, look, we acquired and put to work in the quarter $287 million of capital in CocoWalk buyout at Virginia Gateway, at Pinal Vista Crossing. I think raising capital, which we always do in a balanced approach that we fund the business. We have a multiple premium and an attractive multiple that even though it's not where we'd like it to be from an NAB perspective, it's still accretive capital. Where we deployed it, that $287 million, and it was in modest amount, about a quarter the capital needed there was to fund it. So I think it was very prudent in terms of how we approached it. With regards to going forward and future acquisitions, we'll be opportunistic. We have a big, full pipeline of assets under consideration for sale. That will be a component of it. I don't think it necessarily means we will sell. And then we'll look to I think opportunistically tap the equity market as we see it's an accretive, if we can accretively deploy that capital and grow FFO from. So that's kind of how we look at that.
Operator: And our next question will come from Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Floris van Dijkum: Guys, how are you? Good evening.
Donald Wood: Hey, just one thing, Floris. One question, not a three-parter.
Floris van Dijkum: No, I'm not going to cheat. I'm not. I just, you guys have historically always focused on the softer aspects around leases in terms of rent bumps and etcetera. A lot of your peers are touting the fact that they're now driving 3% rent bumps annually, etcetera, as well as less renewal options. Maybe if you could talk about what are the improvements that you're seeing in your lease terms? Are you able to drive what percentage of your leases that you're signing, for example, on your shop tenants are having rent bumps of 4% and maybe some more detail behind that? And also maybe talk about some of the other, the terms for anchors. Are you able to shorten the lease terms there or is there, at market upside at certain levels?
Donald Wood: Yes, Floris, we announced kind of blended anchor and small shop that was 2.4%. Really, really strong. Nobody else I think is even close. And that's driven by significant percentage of our leases at 3% or better on the small shop side. And we get better rent bumps on our anchors. Probably kind of in the mid to upper ones. I think that was about where we were this last quarter. So, that blended gets us there. We continue to push that an important component, but we also look to push other components. The starting rent is an important part of it as well. And so the more qualitative aspects, I'll hand over to Wendy in terms of what are the things are we getting from tenants in this environment where we're getting better negotiating leverage? The other thing is I'd like to highlight to you is it's just also, we had a good quarter and we got a good couple quarters in terms of TI's. And we're starting to, I mentioned that in my prior remarks, we're focused on kind of controlling those TI dollars and limiting that. And that's why I highlighted the net effective straight line rents in the mid-teens is an impressive number and something I'd like to highlight.
Wendy Seher: But I think the only thing that I would add to that would be the different components of that contract, whether it be options, whether it be increases, whether it be control rights, exclusivity, there's so many components that really hasn't changed with this high demand that we're going after them any differently than we've always treated them, which is every component is separate and every component needs to make sense on that particular aspect. So I would say we are having some success in getting some more flexibility on options, for example, which we don't like options. We just don't. And so we rarely give them if there's a, if we have to, and if there's a, you know, a capital allocation that's heavy from the tenant, we have to, we'll try to see if we can do it at a fair market value with a base and try, maybe we've done several, many actually, where you tie it to a sales volume that they can't exercise it unless they're reaching a certain level of production within the center. So yes, we are diving deep into all those like we always do and having more success. And it's a balanced approach, right? We're doing a lot of business with these national and regional tenants, so we want to make sure that we have a balanced approach.
Donald Wood: The only thing I'm going to add to that, Floris, is I've always touted that I felt that our contracts were among the strongest, if not the strongest in the industry. And when I say contracts, what I'm talking about, not only lease bumps, which we can quantify, but certainly the qualitative things like redevelopment rights, like lack of sales kick outs, like lack of co-tenancy. All of that, I think our contracts are stronger today than they were a few years ago, even. And a few years ago, I think they were in the sector. Hard to prove it. Better locations give us more leverage. That's where I think we are.
Operator: And our next question will come from Handel [Indiscernible] with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Ravi Vaidya: Hi there. This is Ravi Vaidya on the line for Handel. I hope you guys are doing well. I've got a quick follow-up to the guide here. Why maintain the 70 to 90 bids for bad debt at this point? The portfolio seems to have minimal credit issues. What's on your watch list right now for the back half of the year?
Donald Wood: Hey, look, I think 70 to 90 is still operative. I mean, I think we were at the lower end of that range in the first half of the year, the way we look at it. And I think that it's proven to kind of keep that same leverage. I'm hoping we'll end up towards the bottom end. And certainly if we can end up towards the end, obviously that enhances our ability to outperform and get towards the upper end of our range of guidance. But I'm fine given where we were. I think the first half of the year, we ended up kind of at the lower end of that range. And I don't think it's -- we don't see a reason at this point to change that out.
Operator: And our next question will come from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi, Dan. You mentioned earlier you're doing a better job of controlling TI dollars. What does that process look like and what are those conversations, how do those go?
Wendy Seher: I guess I will start with the anchors. Many of these anchors we have longstanding relationships with and they're eager to figure out how to make more deals. So it's not -- we're getting into the details of the space and really digging deep and they're getting creative on how they'll take that space. So -- and what condition that space needs to be in. So that speaks to the demand and the quality of the real estate. On the smaller shops, we have probably the most ability to influence that conversation. So yes, we are using that to maximum. And we also want to understand how much capital they're putting into the space as well. So many discussions and having some good progress.
Dan Gee: Yes, Linda, just to make that really clear, I think the biggest thing there is the -- what a tenant and what we as a landlord are willing to do to be able to get that tenant in the space and operating. Whether that means hanging on to an AC unit that you would have wanted replaced ideally. Nah, let's give that five years and let's see how that goes. Whether it looks at -- whether it works on a storefront that a tenant particularly wants that we'll put a limit on and so they'll pick up the incremental cost of a particular storefront they get in. Things like that. What it is a willingness to work together because of the heavy supply demand where we are in demand supply of the space to accept space differently than they were before.
Operator: And our next question will come from Paulina Rojas with Green Street. Please go ahead. 
Paulina Rojas: Good evening. The retail environment is clearly very solid. So what do you think this environment will translate in terms of market rent growth in your markets for the next 12 to 14 months? It seems to me that investors are generally very hesitant to forecast market rent growth above, let's say, 3%, 4%. And I wonder if you agree or disagree with this view.
Donald Wood: What I would say first, Paulina, about that is take it back to the tenant. That tenant is pushing through -- is doing two things in order to be profitable in their business. One is they're trying to push through the inflationary costs that are obviously 35% higher than they were pre-COVID. So they're trying to push that through. The more successful they are, the more willing they are to be able to pay more rent. I have an obvious thing there. What's a little less obvious is the work that they're doing on their margins to try to make their businesses more efficient so that even to the extent they're unable to push all the cost increases through, they're trying to increase their profitability. That goes into what they're willing to do for space. So if you take a tenant that is having success with the consumer and you take a lack of choices that that tenant has as to where they're able to move, that's where you can get some pretty good-sized rent increases. Importantly in that absolutely is the contractual bump. And I know you hear us say it every single day, but we have to say it every single day because it's an important part of the economics. So I don't know that I have a percentage for you. When you see us able to move overall tenant increases to 10% from the new stuff versus the last year of what was in there, on top of those bumps, let me tell you, that's really strong. That's worth 23% with a, on a straight line basis. So I don't see that changing over the next 12 to 14 months. And that's where I think you should expect us.
Operator: And our next question will come from Tayo Okusanya with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Omotayo Okusanya: Yes. Good evening, everyone. Congrats on the great quarter and the outlook. Don, curious, and I'm not sure if this is a fair question, but curious what your thoughts are on this news out there of Blackstone potentially buying ROIC and specifically just what you think the implications are for the broader shopping center group and maybe, FRC in particular, if any.
Donald Wood: No, of course, Tayo, it's a very fair question. And what you're going to hear is an opinion because I have no inside knowledge of it. But when you sit and you think about, looking forward at the demand for retail space over the next five years, I think you should feel pretty good about that. I think Blackstone feels pretty good about that or there wouldn't be negotiations that way. I think that is all about the not only the supply demand characteristics that we've all been talking about here, but also the valuations and the choices in other sectors, which are not as robust as maybe they were over the last couple of years. So when you put all that together, it doesn't surprise me. There are whatever we've got, 17 companies in the shopping center index or something like that. Many of them are smaller companies. I think you should always expect that to -- companies like that to be under pressure of sale. Now, whether those deals happen or not, we'll have to see. But I've never thought of Blackstone as being a company that really stretched. So I suspect they see a lot of value there.
Operator: And our next question will come from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Thanks for taking another question. Dan, I apologize if you address this in the opening remarks. I just couldn't remember. But what's the expectation on bad debt embedded in the same store and has that changed at all?
Dan Gee: That's still the same 70 to 90 basis points we had originally. And that's kind of outlined in our guidance and in the prepared remarks. I don't think we're shifting it around. We ended up in the first half of the year in the lower end of that range. And hopefully we can remain in that lower end of that range. And that's reflected in the same store outlook.
Operator: And this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Brenda Pomar for any closing remarks.
Brenda Pomar: We look forward to seeing many of you in the next few weeks. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. And you may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 15:10:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust First Quarter of 2024 Earnings Call [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Leah Brady. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Leah Andress Brady: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Federal's Chief Executive Officer; Jeff Berkes, President and Chief Operating Officer; Dan G., Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Jan Sweetnam, Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer; and Wendy Seher, Executive Vice President, Eastern Region President. As well as other members of our executive team that are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks.
 A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results, including guidance. Although Federal Realty believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations, and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained.
 The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued tonight, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and the results of operations.
 Given the number of participants on the call, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question during the Q&A portion of our call. If you have additional questions, please requeue.
 And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our first quarter results. Don? 
Donald Wood: Thanks, Leah, and good afternoon, everyone. Well, it's a new year and Federal continues to charge forward. With a very solid $1.64 recorded in the quarter, along with 3.8% same-center growth when excluding term fees and [indiscernible] repayments and an all-time first quarter record 567,000 square feet of retail leads to 9% higher rents. The answer to the often asked question of do demographics matter post pandemic become quite evident, that sure do.
 The level of leasing activity in the quarter is particularly notable. Our record retail leasing was impressive, but maybe more so was the 190,000 square feet of office space leased at our mixed-use properties. Supplementing the long-awaited 141,000 square foot lease to accounting consulting firm PwC at One Santana West, bringing that building to nearly half leased was an additional nearly 50,000 square feet leased elsewhere in the mixed-use portfolio, including two deals at 915 Meeting Street at Pike & Rose, bringing that building to nearly 80% leased.
 The remaining vacancy at 915 Meeting Street at Pike & Rose and 1 Santana West represents considerably less than 2% of the value of the company. Tenant interest in the remaining space at both buildings remain solid.
 All in all, for the quarter, we signed 117 commercial leases, retail plus mixed-use office for over 775,000 square feet of space with strong economics, not including our residential portfolio, which itself generated record first quarter property operating income of over $17 million. 
 Make no mistake, our product, primarily retail, but also including complementary office and residential is very desirable in the marketplace and a huge positive differentiator.
 Now obviously, higher interest rates take away some of that operating positivity when you get down to the FFO line, but we still grew at over 3% in the quarter and at $1.64 at the higher end of our guidance range. We did 104 comparable retail deals in the quarter that cumulatively were written at 9% higher cash basis rent than the final year of the previous tenant or 20% on a straight-line basis.
 And just to pound the point home one more time, those cash-based rollover increases come on top of leases that have had what we believe to be the highest contractual rent bumps throughout their term in the sector making that roll over all the more impressive. Contractual rent bumps for the deals done in the first quarter were roughly 2.3% blended, anchor and small shop. The weighted average contractual rent bumps for the entire retail portfolio, not just 1 or 2 or 3 quarters worth, approximates 2.25% and higher when considering the office leases, best in the business as far as we can tell. The sustained leasing volume and related economics bode well for the future, especially the contractual rent bumps.
 Now I spoke last quarter about the upside in our occupancy, especially with respect to shop space and felt that another 100 basis points over the 90.7% that we reported at last year -- at year-end was doable. In the first quarter of 2024, we picked up 70 of those 100 basis points bringing our small shop lease percentage to 91.4%. There's more to come here. Our anchored lease percentage is 95.8%  is another 200 basis points to come there too. Those two components combined at 94.3% leased overall. Pretty strong, but as we're demonstrating, room to grow. 
 We take a very proactive approach to leasing and often lease space well in advance of an existing lease expiration or vacancy. All in the name of improved tenant health and merchandising mix and as an insurance policy towards potential gaps and future cash flow. We've got some impactful anchor renewals coming up later this year and early next that should continue the positive trajectory.
 In terms of a tenant watchlist or other indications of a shift in demand, there is nothing out of the ordinary that we can point to. We have little exposure to those tenants that are most talked about these days, Express, Big Lots, JOANNs, Family Dollar and 99 Cents Only, as they tend to cater to a lower income demographic, our tenants have been largely been able to pass on cost of goods and labor increases to their customers. Those customers may grumble at the higher prices, but thus far, they've been both able, and more importantly, willing to pay them.
 In addition, our retail tenant base is very well diversified by both in terms of tenant concentration as well as property type. And while we'll always have one-off tenant failures that's just part of the business, portfolio-wide collectability issues haven't been and are not expected to be outside our historical experience or specific 2024 guidance. Business looks good.
 The last topic I want to address before turning it over to Dan, relates to external growth. While we've turned down the dial a bit on immediate development projects, the residential development of Bala Cynwyd with shopping center notwithstanding, we turned up the dial and level of intensity on sourcing acquisitions. It's an interesting and unique time in the acquisition marketplace right now. While there is a limited supply of Federal Realty type opportunities out there, there's also less viable competition for those centers than there has been historically. 
 We look for shopping centers that are generally larger in size than the average center, with opportunities for remerchandising, redevelopment, higher rents, and yup, potential site intensification. We look for shopping centers in markets that have strengthened significantly over the past 15 years and especially post pandemic.
 Markets like Phoenix, Central and South Florida and Northern Virginia, among others. We look for shopping centers that are immediately accretive to earnings based on the -- based on our cost of capital advantage, but even more importantly, produce returns meaningfully above our long-term cost of capital.
 We look for shopping centers that will be immediately financed through the combination of other asset sales and our largely undrawn $1.25 billion credit facility and then refinance for the long term subsequent.
 We've begun our due diligence process on one such large asset currently and have a growing pipeline of others. Obviously, it remains to be seen if and how much success we'll have in this buy versus build cycle, but using both our operating strength and reputation as well as our balance sheet strength and flexibility is a specific focus of ours for the balance of this year and next.
 That's all I wanted to cover in prepared remarks this afternoon. So I'll turn it over to Dan to provide more granularity before opening up to your questions. 
Daniel Guglielmone: Thank you, Don, and hello, everyone. Our reported FFO per share of $1.64 for the first quarter was up 3.1% versus a year ago and came in at the upper end of our quarterly guidance range of $1.60 to $1.65 which we provided on our earnings call back in February. Property operating income was up 5.6%, also above our expectations, highlighting the overall strength of our real estate. 
 Primary drivers for the strong start to 2024, POI growth in our comparable portfolio, up almost 4% excluding prior period rents and term fees driven by resiliency in our occupancy levels, continued strength in our residential portfolio and stronger contributions from specialties and temp leases.
 This was primarily offset by lighter term fees than forecast and some timing noise with respect to collection. We have an expectation of reversing that over the balance of the year. Comparable POI growth, excluding the impact of prior period rent and term fees was 3.8%. Comparable minimum rents grew 3.6%, and comparable total property revenues were up 4.1%. 
 Portfolio occupancy levels show greater resiliency than we forecast as our lease rate increased up to 94.3%, and our occupancy rate staying at the 92% up, both metrics better than expected as retail leasing volumes hit record levels with our leasing and tenant coordination teams getting tenants open sooner and keeping tenants in place longer, testament to our ability to grind out revenue growth at the property level while curating best-in-class tenant liners.
 Given the tremendous start to the year from a leasing perspective, coupled with a strong pipeline of lease deals in process, which are some of the highest levels we've seen post-COVID, we are extremely well positioned to drive our occupancy metrics over the coming quarters. It's too soon to increase our targeted year-end occupancy levels, but we are in a good spot at this point in the year.
 Another part of our business worthy of note is our residential portfolio. It continues to be a source of strength. Same-store residential POI growth was 6% in the first quarter on the heels of a similarly strong fourth quarter. This was driven by 5-plus percent revenue growth against 3% expense growth, leading to results well ahead of forecast.
 While we are dialing down new development starts are still substantial in process development pipeline continues to make meaningful contributions as lease-up continues at these projects. Darien residential continues to exceed expectations and is 99% leased. Darien retail is over 90% leased with several store openings set over the coming quarters. 
 Huntington Shopping Center is 94% leased with Whole Foods and other set to open by third quarter. As Don mentioned, 915 Pike & Rose Street and One Santana West continued solid progress at almost 80% and 50% leased, respectively. Note that global Foodservice giant Sodexo moved into its new North American headquarters of Pike & Rose during the quarter. 
 Now on to the balance sheet and an update on our liquidity position. All of our refinancing requirements for 2024 were handled at the very start of the quarter with our $485 million, 3.25% exchangeable notes offering. This leaves us with no material maturities until 2026. We stand with over $1.33 billion of available liquidity from our $1.25 billion credit facility and cash on hand, and have redevelopment and expansions spend remaining of only $100 million for the balance of 2021.
 Additional funding sources this year approach almost $0.5 billion and include expanding leverage-neutral debt capacity as EBITDA comes online in the $150 million to $175 million range. Free cash flow of $50 million to $75 million as we approach pre-COIVD levels and a sizable asset sale pipeline under consideration. 
 Our leverage metrics continue to be solid as first quarter annualized net debt-to-EBITDA stands just inside 6x. That metric is targeted to improve over the 2024 to 5.7x by year-end and to 5.5x in 2025. Fixed charge coverage was 3.5x at quarter end, and that metric should also improve as incremental EBITDA comes online over the balance of 2024. 
 Now with respect to guidance, with a first -- solid first quarter behind us, leasing demand continuing at a stronger pace than expected, we are tightening and raising our 2024 FFO guidance from $6.76 per share at the midpoint to $6.77, with a range refined upwards to $6.67 to $6.87. This represents 3.4% bottom line FFO growth at the midpoint and almost 5% at the upper end of the range. 
 Keep in mind, this is being done with the realization that interest rates will likely remain higher for longer and provide roughly $0.02 to $0.03 of greater headwinds in 2024 than we originally forecast 90 days ago. This upward revision in guidance is driven by stronger underlying portfolio performance than expected as leasing and occupancy metrics outperform expectations as well as a more optimistic outlook for such difficult to forecast items such as parking, specialty leasing and percentage rent.
  Add to that, some of our first quarter headwinds are expected to be timing issues that should reverse themselves in the coming quarters. As a result, we are also revising our comparable growth outlook upward. Comparable growth is now forecast at 2.25% to 3.5%, up to 2% to 3.5% and our comparable growth, excluding prior period rents and term fees is now forecast at 2.75% to 4%, up from 2.5% to 4%. While we made significant progress at One Santana West, the 915 Meeting Street, in the first quarter, none of those leases are expected to impact our forecast in 2024. 
 We will see the impact in 2025. More to come on that outlook as the year progresses and additional leases get signed. All other guidance assumptions as outlined on Page 27, our 8-K remain unchanged, although please note, we do not include prospective acquisitions and dispositions activity in our guidance. We will update our forecast for that activity as it gets completed.
 Now before we go to Q&A, I'd like you to please listen up for, this is important, with the first quarter in the books at $1.64 per share, our quarterly FFO outlook for the second quarter is $1.63 to $1.69. Again, $1.63 to $1.69 for the second quarter. Consistent with the cadence presented on our call in February, the third and fourth quarter should increase sequentially from there reflecting the continued momentum we are seeing across our business.
 With that, operator, you can open up the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets. 
Juan Sanabria: Good afternoon. Thank you for the time. Just wanted to ask a little bit more about the acquisitions and the funding. I think, Dan, you said that there was a fair amount of product that you're looking to maybe monetize. So hoping you could give a little more color on the dispositions and what kind of values you could get there, cap rates and the spend the spread in terms of what you're thinking on some of these assets that you're looking at in some of these [indiscernible] south markets? 
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Look, we have -- as I've mentioned kind of throughout the beginning of the year, we've got upwards of $300 million to $400 million of assets that we currently have under consideration for sale, kind of the initial cap rates or yields on those assets are kind of in the low 6s. And if we include maybe a couple more assets there, it probably dips below 6% on an initial yield basis. So attractive, and more importantly, in our view, the long-term IRRs are very attractive relative to where we feel we can deploy capital in the acquisition market. 
 So a very attractive source of capital. We'll see whether or not all of that pool under consideration will get executed. But we've broadened the pool, and we'll use that effectively as a source of capital. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dori Kesten of Wells Fargo. 
Dori Kesten: You had a strong quarter in small shop leasing. Can you give us a sense if this was more driven by national or local tenant demand and then what the blended rent escalators were on that. 
Daniel Guglielmone: You want to take that? 
Wendy Seher: I mean, we did have a very strong quarter on small shop leasing, and we were able to move the needle, I think, 70 basis points. So very pleased with that with what the team has been able to pull together. It's really broad-based when you look at kind of the deals that we're making for the quarter in the small shops in terms of national, regional and local, the categories that we're seeing, as you may guess, our restaurants in nature, we have full-service restaurants less of the fast food because it's typically not the demographic that we're attracting in some of our centers. 
 But certainly, [indiscernible] and the specialty restaurants have been very active. Apparel has been active, both in value apparel and in full service and full price apparel and our -- where we also have a tremendous amount of activity is when you talk about health and wellness and you talk about beauty and anything in that wide category is very active today. So a lot of good categories that are really helping us boost the overall sales and production of our small shops. 
Donald Wood: Yes, Dori, the only thing I would add to that and really just to make the point that Wendy made, it's broad-based. As you know, we own all different kinds of open-air shopping centers and really across the board and certainly including the mixed-use stuff, we've had a very strong broad-based demand on shop space. 
Daniel Guglielmone: And just to add further, the rent bumps on the small shop right in the 3% range, on average. And more importantly, we've done exceptionally well on anchors, where it's across the board. And I think that's a differentiator. That's not appreciated. And so -- and add into that, which Don alluded to, we get 3% or better on the office, which brought our blended up into the mid-2s across the almost 800,000 square feet of leasing that we did in the quarter. Really, really pleased with that. 
Operator: The next question comes from Samir Khanal of Evercore ISI. 
Samir Khanal: Dan, can you talk more about your guidance same-store, you're certainly tracking at the higher end, right, close to the top end. And everything you've kind of talked about and Don has talked about, it feels like you're probably tracking even above budget in many segments of the business, there is a lot of tailwinds. So help us understand what's kind of dragging that growth lower as we kind of think about the midpoint of your same-store or even the lower end. 
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Look, I think we -- our credit reserve, we kept it kind of where it is this quarter. And so we're hopeful that that's something that we can do better on and so forth. Look, it's early in the year, and it's one quarter behind us. Typically, we don't move guidance up even when we beat in a quarter. And so look, we'll look to be -- see how the rest of the year unfolds. And hopefully, we can be up towards that upper end and we'll see how second and third quarter does. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Goldsmith of UBS. 
Michael Goldsmith: We've heard from the industrial REITs that retailers are deferring large capital investments in large warehouses. So have you seen any of that pressure of the capital investment required for retail stores in your shopping centers. Have you seen any of that pressure leak into your space recently? 
Donald Wood: Yes, Michael, this is Don. From my perspective, there is capital pressure from retailers to build out stores, but that's something, frankly, I think we've been talking about for 10 years. I don't see a difference over the past couple of years with respect to that. In fact, frankly, I think we've been pretty successful in limiting capital necessary.
 So as a result of the industrial space that you're talking about or frankly, other characteristics, the demand-supply characteristics in retail right now are such that, that we've been able to keep capital under control. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg McGinniss of Scotiabank. 
Unknown Analyst: This is [indiscernible] on for Greg McGinniss. Cisco [indiscernible] still have replaced Splunk as one of your top office tenants. I know Splunk had a couple of years of term left. Can you talk about what happened there? 
Donald Wood: Yes, you know that Cisco bought Splunk. They -- and I say just closed within a month or 2 ago. And what they're -- they've assumed the lease so immediately, our credit, which I thought was pretty good with Splunk is a whole lot better with Cisco for the remainder term of that lease. They have not given us any indication at all in terms of what's their long-term plans are, other than in their visits of Santana Row, it wouldn't surprise you to know that they love the place. And frankly, have made that comment while they were there touring at their new space. So what happens after 2027, I think, effect is when we're in, we'll remain to be seen. But I view that, that acquisition is a real positive for us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb of Piper Sandler. 
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you. Good afternoon. Don, a question for you as you look at acquisitions. I know you guys are pretty rigorous in the way you approach acquisitions. But curious, because of what's going on now in the retail environment, dwindling availability, all the good stuff that we talk about. 
 As you look at assets at your team underwrites assets on a, let's say, next 3-year period, are they coming out at higher returns than what you would have seen sort of pre-pandemic or because of natural issues like existing lease roll and time for entitlements and all that stuff that when you're underwriting today, you're not really seeing the benefit of the tighter environment as you underwrite it stuff that comes more once you take hold a meet that occurs over time versus, hey, because of what's going on right now in the next 3 years, we're able to outperform 50 bps let's say, versus what would have been pre-pandemic. 
Jeffrey Berkes: Alex, it's Jeff. The acquisitions market is interesting right now. There's probably a lot of people that would like to sell or have to sell. But wish the Fed would provide some clarity on where rates are going and [indiscernible] office sidelines. That said, we really leaned into the acquisitions market over the last 6 months or so. And as Don indicated on his opening remarks, we've had some great success over the last few months.
 And we're seeing, quite frankly, a fairly good range of deals where we think we can apply all the things that we're good at, most of which Tom mentioned. But just to reiterate, our leasing and merchandising skills or redevelopment skills. The fact that we don't look at real estate, shopping centers, super specifically, we're agnostic as to format and more concerned about the strength of location and all of that.
 And right now, with our cost of capital advantage, there's just not as much competition out there to buy and with our cost of capital advantage. We're seeing some really good opportunities. And yes, they do produce higher returns because not everybody has that advantage and there are buyers out there today. So we're pretty happy with what we're seeing, and we're pretty happy with what we're finding as we're underwriting in terms of our ability to get into a property and work the rent roll and really move the NOI going forward. So all good so far. 
Donald Wood: Alex, you asked a very interesting question in there about how we underwrite and what the actual results will be once that underwriting effectively happens, and it's been something that I can tell you, I personally look at very hard because over the past several years, we have very much exceeded the leasing underwriting that we've done in the acquisitions that we've made.
 And I would expect, frankly, that to happen, that's to continue to happen. There's an inherent conservatism, if you will, in looking at a new property, even within your existing markets, et cetera, that is different once this company gets out there and does what it does. And I do think the combination of our context, frankly, our reputation and our understanding of what it is that we can do with an asset often results in actual results that are above the underwriting.
 I would expect that to continue to happen. And I'm not sure it's anything about -- specifically about the marketplace today as it is more about the specific shopping center that we would be acquiring and our optimism with respect to what we do with it. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Mailman of Citi. 
Craig Mailman: Not to beat a dead horse here with acquisitions. But I guess another question I have is just as you guys are looking at what's out there today, is it all just operating assets that you guys could over the next 3 to 5 years, kind of remerchandise or densify and that's the play? Or are there opportunities out there like you guys have done in Assembly or Santana that are that decade to 2-decade play for the company long term to harvest value?
 Are any of those available? Or is this just going to be kind of some near-term stuff that you see some opportunities, but maybe the upside isn't as kind of long tail then and big as some of the other kind of bigger mixed-use projects you guys have done in your history. 
Donald Wood: Yes, Craig, that's a great question. And the answer is in the middle. No, you should not be thinking about our acquisitions turning into the next Assembly Row or Santana Row or Pike & Rose.
 Frankly, having those assets are in each of our major markets that we do business in is really important to this company. And each of those assets has a whole bunch more to go and do.
 Having said that, what we've learned in terms of being able to -- I think we're -- what I call is residential experts, but we're pretty darn good on the residential side and even specifically on specified narrow band of office. I think we're pretty darn good.
 So when we sit and look at the reason we want a bigger piece of property is yes, to do all those things you said which you're implying are easy and boring, my words, not yours, in terms of improving the merchandising, growing those rents, which is fundamentally critical. I also want a plus to those assets. And the plus to those assets could be incremental residential entitlements. It could be intensified retail plays on other parcels within it that -- the thing I love about this company is all arrows in the quiver.
 We're not a one-trick pony. So the ability for that lands and that shopping center to be enhanced not only with merchant remerchandising and higher rents, which is critical to it, but with other ways is something we always look at, even if we can't underwrite it on day 1. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of Truist Securities. 
Ki Bin Kim: So Don, as perhaps new development as far as not to start to take a little bit of a less prominent role in the near term versus acquisitions. I'm just curious, some of these projects, maybe you made some choices on leasing, shorter-term deals or maybe give up a couple of dollars in rent for control because eventually you want to do something bigger with it. I was just curious if -- how often is that the case. And if some projects take longer to start, are there some near-term opportunities that maybe you held up on that might -- that we can expect in the near term? 
Donald Wood: Ki Bin, let me make sure I've got what you're really asking. I can tell you that, first of all, and I wanted to make this point on the development side of our business, there will be a development cycle again. And so the notion of us not -- while yes, we're turning down the dial on construction starts. Effectively, we are as active and even more active in terms of entitling and in terms of design of future development projects on our existing properties.
 Now if you're asking existing properties, that means we give up rent, and we do things so that we can entitlement so that we can construct in the future, the answer is very rarely, very rarely do we do that. Now occasionally, we will when we see at an opportunity at an existing shopping center negotiate within a lease, the ability to effectively get out of that lease in exchange for paying back the unamortized CI or something, something like that or the money that we that they would -- I would say, yes. But that happens very rarely.
 So no, I don't think you should think of us from the development side is giving up money today, if you will, for the future. Wendy is looking at me. 
Wendy Seher: So I just wanted to kind of add a little bit of color to that. We've always been sort of very strict about how we want to be able to control the property from a merchandising standpoint, from a redevelopment standpoint. So we've always highlighted that with our negotiations in this marketplace now with really demand exceeding supply, we can lean in on that a little bit further in terms of getting some of those controls that we absolutely need.
 And believe it or not, the discussions that we're having are easier to have with national and regional tenants because they know us. They know how we execute, they know how we invest and how we ultimately improve the property. So all of that is happening kind of concurrently at the same time. 
Donald Wood: And Ki Bin, if I'm not answering your question, we're not answering your question, please give us a follow afterwards. I'd love to be happy to go through it more. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mueller of JPMorgan. 
Michael Mueller: So Dan, given the traction on office and development leasing that you're having, and how the focus seems to be more in acquisitions as opposed to development starts. Can you give us some sort of high-level color on how you see capitalized interest trending, say, through year-end '25. 
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Look, I think we've given guidance on 2024, and I think that we're keeping that kind of constant. I think all the leasing that we're doing is not going to impact anything in 2024, some of the recent leasing. And I think I really -- we need to see how additional leasing gets done and really kind of how the timing of possession, timing of build-out and so forth before we can I think, give any color with regards to 2025. And so more to come on that later in the year. 
Donald Wood: And the only thing I would say to you, Mike, on that is the [indiscernible] 3 out of 4 from the Yankees. Congratulations for the first place on May 2. More to come, just like '25. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho. 
Ravi Vaidya: This is Ravi Vaidya on the line for Haendel. I just wanted to ask about the TIs. I noticed that for the new leases, there were about $10 higher foot this quarter than last. Is there anything in particular with regarding any of the recent bankruptcy backfills or anything any other activity with leasing that may have driven that? 
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Look, it is a little bit of a volatile number with the number of new leases that get signed per quarter. Now generally, it's somewhat in line with kind of the last -- maybe not in the last 4 quarters, but certainly the last 6 or 8. I wouldn't read anything into that, except just the general mix. And I don't think that is a trend actually. Our view is that it's probably even coming down more so than heading the other direction. This quarter, notwithstanding. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Floris Van Dijkum of Compass Point. 
Floris Gerbrand van Dijkum: Don, I heard you talk so eloquently about some of the leasing dynamics and about your portfolio and how it's positioned in the market? And why you think you have a competitive advantage? Can you maybe -- obviously, vacancy rates are trending lower, rents are trending higher. Could you maybe talk a little bit about some of the ancillary benefits of the leases that you're signing today. 
 I'm looking forward at your lease expiration for example, and I see that next year, approximately 80% of your shop leases has no option, but there's 20% that does. And if I look at your anchor leases about -- it looks like about 60% of your anchor leases have options. As leases get to the end of your life, are you now agreeing no options on your new transactions? And maybe talk about the bumps that you're getting, not just on your shops space but also on your anchors, obviously, besides the fact that rents are going higher. 
Donald Wood: Gosh, Floris, you've got so much there to unpack. I'm going to give you a few things that eloquently you said that, and then I'm going to ask Wendy to jump in here.
 So the reason I speak eloquently about our ability to lease is it really does come down to in a period of time where everything, Floris, everything, cost 25% to 30% more than it did in 2019. 
 The notion of when a tenant is underwriting for themselves, their sales and their profitability, they've got to be confident that they can push those higher costs through to the customer base. They're obviously more likely and able to be able to do that in places with more affluence and with effectively the customer base that is willing to pay additionally. That -- all of those dynamics, in fact, what happens in the negotiation of a lease and certainly small shop, but anchor too. 
 And so when you think about what that does for us, if we had our way, we would hardly -- we would never give an option because an option is one way. An option is for a tenant to say yes or no, not for the landlord. So if we had our way, we wouldn't give any. That's just not practical. So there has to be a balance here, and we do balance with by looking at the credit of the tenant, the desirability of that tenant in the space, how important they are to the merchandising mix of the entire shopping center. 
 And when we look at all that, that's how we determine what it is on an individual basis, what we're trying to do with terms of the contract that we're getting with them. In nearly all the cases from a small shop perspective, we get very good bumps, 3%, 4%, maybe 2.5%, maybe something a little modified from that, but very good bumps. On the anchor side, as Dan alluded to on his call, are you going to be able to see in this industry broadly defined 3% bumps with anchors generally.
 No. No. It's not market. It hasn't been market, but the difference is the ability to get 15% after 5 years versus 7.5% is huge when you look at the math, and go through it. We've been able to improve, and that's what Dan was referring to, the anchor leases at a rate that has been -- I've been very happy with relative to what's been able to be done before COVID. So, so I hope that answers most of it. I don't know if there's anything more to add to that, Wendy, but feel free if there's something there. 
Wendy Seher: I think I would echo what you just said. The only thing that I will say that I get excited about is when I hear someone say you've got X amount of small shops coming up near term because what we found from a historic standpoint is if we can just get to the real estate, we do better. So, so I think it's a very positive thing that we're getting to it soon. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lizzy Doykan of Bank of America. 
Elizabeth Yang Doykan: I was just hoping to hear a bit more about the acquisition of the remaining joint venture interest in CocoWalk done in April. And are there more near-term JV buyout opportunities for you guys on the horizon? Or was this more of a one-off opportunity? 
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Look, this was a joint venture that started back in 2015, 2016. It was to redevelop CocoWalk, it was hugely, hugely successful in terms of what we accomplished there in terms of trend forming that asset into what it is today and the returns that we achieve we had mechanisms in the joint venture to buy out our partner where they buy us out. And we bought them out, and we think, a very attractive yield for us. 
 I think that there's probably a one-off. I don't see additional opportunities. We don't have a lot of joint ventures like that, but we'll be opportunistic when the opportunity arises. And we just felt like it was important for us to take 100% of the ownership of CocoWalk and to be able to operate it and run it and maximize the cash flows that we would achieve without having a partner in there getting fees. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tayo Okusanya of Deutsche Bank. 
Omotayo Okusanya: Good afternoon. In terms of the mixed-use development projects, I recall at a certain point there was some interest in having a life sciences component to some of the assets. Is there still a thought around that at this point? 
Donald Wood: So we'd love to add life sciences to Assembly Row or maybe even Pike & Rose. The math doesn't work today. It just doesn't work today. So the -- you certainly know what's in that industry. You certainly know what's happening in terms of supply in Somerville, Massachusetts, for example, and even here in Montgomery County.
 So there is some real and that we're sitting with here but whether it is life sciences eventually or whether it's more retail eventually or whether it's more residential or likely. Going forward that land and our ability to move entitlements and get what we need is very strong. So I wouldn't think about life sciences in the near future that way because I think they'll be higher and better use most likely. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Tsai of Jefferies. 
Linda Yu Tsai: You provided guidance for 2Q in the midpoint of 1.66 implies a smaller sequential increase in FFO than usual. Is there anything driving that? 
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. And I think the previous question with regards to comparable alluded to, when we think about it, we have a tough comp in the second quarter of 2023. Second quarter of 2023, we had all of our Bed Bath in possession, rent paying, [ SOFR 1 ] plus, obviously, we had the headwinds. We had really a more optimal balance sheet. We refinanced our debt in the second quarter of last year, $275 million at 2.75%. So some of those headwinds are really what's driving, I think, the more moderate growth year-over-year in the second quarter. 
 And we're really seeing the acceleration in FFO per share and probably in comparable as well. And -- and I know I'm talking to Linda, I'm addressing [ Samir ] previous question. So we see a greater acceleration in the third and fourth quarters and a little bit of a flatter second quarter because of that more difficult comp. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I will now hand over back to Leah Brady for closing remarks. 
Leah Andress Brady: Looking forward to seeing many of you in the next few weeks. Thanks for joining us today. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's event. Thank you for attending, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please also note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Leah Brady, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Leah Brady: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's fourth quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Federal's Chief Executive Officer; Jeff Berkes, President and Chief Operating Officer; Dan G., Executive Vice President, Finance -- Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Jan Sweetnam, Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer and Wendy Seher, Executive Vice President, Eastern Region President. As well as other members of our executive team, they are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder, that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results including guidance. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued tonight, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and our results of operations. Given the number of participants on the call, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question during the Q&A portion of our call. If you have additional questions please re-queue. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our fourth quarter results. Don?
Donald Wood: Thanks, Leah. And good afternoon, everybody. Well, 2023 is in the books. With a strong $1.64 recorded in the fourth quarter, finish off what is an all-time record earnings year at $6.55 of FFO per share. That's happening, despite over $600 million of construction in progress not yet contributing and higher interest expense that cost the Trust an additional $0.27 per share when compared with the average rate in 2022. Yet, with comparable money cost between 2022 and 2023, FFO growth per share would have been 8%, right up there with our best pre-COVID years. It says a lot in terms of the power of the portfolio that has grown bottom line FFO per share at a compound annual growth rate of 4.5% over the last 20 years in addition to an average uninterrupted dividend yield of roughly 3% or better. That includes the great financial crisis, that includes the global pandemic, it includes everything, a better portfolio to own for long term investors in our opinion. It also feels like we're getting closer to a time where accelerated acquisition activity coupled with our redevelopment and remerchandising expertise on new acquisitions could boost that growth rate over the next few years. As far as todays environment demand continues to exceed supply for the highest quality assets in the closed-in suburbs and with the impacts of the pandemic in the rearview mirror and lack of new supply coming on, I don't see this positive supply demand dynamic changing anytime soon. Our average in-place rents portfolio wide are $31.60 per foot and the comparable retail deals we did in the fourth quarter were at $44.57 a foot and we're at $36.75 for the entire year. I've been hearing that our rents are high and can't be pushed further for the better part of the last 20 years. And I guess on a relative basis they are. Better properties have higher rents. Better properties have higher tenant sales and profitability too. Frankly, it's obvious. Percentage rents are an interesting barometer on this topic. While we push for a strong fixed rent in nearly every lease, tenant sales above a threshold level equates to additional rent. Percentage rent and overage rent totaled $6 million in the fourth quarter and $19.3 million for the year, an all-time record, which broke the $18.8 million record from the year earlier. Fourth quarter retail leasing continued to crank with another 100 comparable retail deals done at 12% rollover on a cash basis, 23% on a straight line basis. These comparable retail deals account for virtually all 98% of the total retail deals done in the quarter, making them representative of the entire portfolio, not just a fraction. It was a great leasing year, the third in a row where we exceeded 2 million square feet, roughly 25% more than the five year average during 2015 and 2019. Just to pound the point home, those cash basis rollover increases come on comp of leases that have had what I believe to be the highest contractual rent bumps throughout their term in the sector, making that rollover all the more impressive. Contractual rent bumps for the deals done in the fourth quarter were roughly 2.5% blended anchor and small shop, with new and renewal small shop at approximately 3%. The weighted average contractual rent bumps for the entire retail portfolio, anchor and small shop not just one quarters worth, but the whole thing approximates 2.25%. Best in the business as far as we can tell. The sustained leasing volume and related economics bode well for the future, especially the contractual rent loss. We ended the year with overall portfolio leased at 94.2%, pretty strong but with room to grow. That breaks down between anchors at 96% leased and shop space at 90.7%. When you look at our occupancy possibilities going forward by looking at our past, it's reasonable to expect another 100 basis points of small shelf occupancy and another 200 basis points of anchor occupancy improvement in the coming 12 to 18 months, depending, of course, on the extent of future bankruptcies that we are not seeing today, they're not at all obvious. The residential and office product at our mixed use properties continues to outperform competing supply in non-mixed use environments and stood at 96% leased for both our comparable resi and comparable mixed use office product at year end, while commanding premium rents. Progress leasing up our mixed use office under development 915 Meeting Street at Pike & Rose and Santana West has been measurably stronger with 215,000 square feet newly leased or in the final stages of the LOI to sign the lease process. That includes the first signed deal at Santana West with Acrisure, the global FinTech leader to the insurance sector. With those deals complete, 915 Meeting Street at Pike & Rose will be 80% leased And Santana West will be nearly half leased up. I go through all this to really try to hammer home the obvious health of the business centered around leasing high quality retail centric properties in the closed-in suburbs of America's greatest cities. While bottom line results are and will continue to be muted by the higher, but certainly historically reasonable cost of capital that is stabilizing, rents will likely continue to adjust upward over time to that reality. This is especially true for tenants in locations and affluent areas where customers can absorb higher costs. I hope that higher interest rates don't cloud investors appreciation of the strong underlying business fundamentals that exist today and likely tomorrow. With that backdrop, we're also really excited to add a substantial expansion to the 87 unit first phase of residential product that we built at Bala Cynwyd Shopping Center in suburban Philadelphia a few years back. The first phase opened strong and remains fully leased with growing rents. Strong supply and demand dynamics in this closed-in part of Philadelphia's mainline along with construction costs moderating means that we're able to build an additional 217 residential units, 16,000 feet of additional retail and the covered parking spaces to service it all. On the former Lord & Taylor site at Bala Cynwyd. The shopping center features an expansive tenant roster including an LA fitness gym, a full service grocer, restaurants and necessary services, which are often cited as the reason residents are choosing it. Projects should get underway later this year beginning with demo of the old Lord & Taylor building which should yield a 7% cash on cost return when stabilized, throw out a double digit unlevered IRR based on the rent growth we've seen and expect and be funded from free cash flow. Okay. On to 2024 where we certainly expect another record earnings year with an energized team and a strong sense of optimism. Dan will go into a bunch more detail and I'll turn it over to him and then open it up to your questions. Dan?
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you, Don. Hello everyone. Our reported FFO per share of $1.64 for the fourth quarter and $6.55 for the year were up 3.8% and 3.6% respectively versus 2022. POI was up 6.5% in fourth quarter, a more impressive 7.2% for the year. Primary drivers for the strong performance in 2023: first, POI growth in our comparable portfolio up almost 5% on a cash basis excluding prior period rents and term fees, driven by both higher rents and higher average occupancy over the course of the year, driven by continued strength, consumer traffic and tenant sales, particularly in our mixed use assets driving parking revenues and overage percentage rent higher. Effectively, controlling property level expenses and having a lower credit reserve than we originally forecast. Second, contributions from our redevelopment and expansion pipeline, which came in at the upper end of our forecast. And lastly, continued focus on overall expense controls, the G&A came in below expectations. This was offset primarily by higher interest rate headwinds totaling $0.27. To reiterate Don's point earlier, with a consistent cost of debt versus 2022, FFO per share growth year-over-year would have been 8% in 2023. Reflecting an exceptionally strong year of growth at the property level. GAAP based comparable POI growth came in at 4% for the fourth quarter and 3.2% for the year. At a comparable cash basis, excluding the impact of prior period rent and term fees, growth was 5.2% for the fourth quarter and 4.7% for the year. As a reminder, this information including components of prior period rent, term fees and GAAP to cash adjustments can be found on page 12 of our quarterly 8-K supplement. Our residential portfolio continues to be a source of strength despite headwinds in the broader residential sector. Same store residential POI growth was 5.8% in 4Q along with revenue growth for the quarter at 6%. We expect this strength to continue into 2024. The value proposition providing a premium residential offering on top of an attractive retail amenity base is driving outperformance across our targeted residential portfolio. Also a big driver of our growth in 2023 was continued stabilization of a large portion of our redevelopment and expansion pipeline as $18 million of incremental POI came online from our $750 million in process pipeline. And we expect that to be the case moving forward as well as we add new projects to the lineup and maintain that part of our business as a continued driver of growth. The scale and skill set of our redevelopment program is a key differentiator for Federal. Notable updates to our in process pipeline, which will contribute an additional $9 million to $12 million of POI in 2024 include $115 million Darien Commons Projects in Connecticut where the residential is fully stabilized 98.4%, occupancy with rents above $4 per foot per month, well above underwriting. Tenant retention rates remain above 90% and the retail component approaches 90% leased. A testament to what a strong retail amenity base can bring to a residential project. At the $190 million 915 Meeting Street at Pike & Rose, Choice Hotels fully moved in as they opened in 4Q, plus they've taken additional space. Sodexo's U.S. headquarters is next on deck to open with multiple other tenants actively negotiating leases. At Huntington Shopping Center on Long Island, this $85 million Whole Foods anchored redevelopment is over 90% leased with new anchor REI opening during the Q4 in addition to a number of small shops. We feel very good about the yield on this project, approaching the top end of our 7% to 8% return range. For those of you in the New York area, it's worth a trip out to Central Long Island later this year after Whole Foods opens to check it out. As well as the Melville asset a mile further south, both are exceptional retail redevelopments which truly highlight Federal skill set. Additionally in 2023, we incrementally invested over $120 million in properties we only partially owned previously at an effective 8.1% cap rate. No better risk adjusted investment than deploying capital accretively into assets we know extremely well. Unlevered IRRs on these investments are in the double digits. Now to the balance sheet and an update on our liquidity position. As you all saw, we refinanced our $600 million bond maturities, which came due on January 15 for a combination of a $200 million secured loan on our Bethesda Row property at an effective 5% fixed rate for the first two years of the loan plus two one year extensions that are effectively a four year loan and a $485 million, 3.25% exchangeable notes offering due 2029 raised in early January at an effective 3.9% interest rate all in. Part of that transaction, we purchased a call spread to increase the effective strike price on the convert of 40%, up above $143 per share. So no incremental economic solution unless the common stock trades above that level as adjusted. Pro forma of the most recent financings and dividends paid, our liquidity stands above $1.3 billion with an undrawn $1.25 billion credit facility and available cash on hand. Plus we have no maturities remaining in 2024 and no material maturities until 2026. Our leverage metrics continue to be strong as fourth quarter annualized net debt to EBITDA stands at 5.9 times and that metric should improve over the course of 2024 and hit our target of 5.5 times in 2025. Fixed charge coverage was 3.6 times at year end and that metric should continue to improve as incremental EBITDA comes online and interest rates fall over the second half of 2024. Now, on to guidance. For 2024, we are introducing an FFO per share forecast of $6.65 to $6.87 per share. This represents over 3% growth at the midpoint of $6.76 and roughly 5% at the high end of the range. This is driven by comparable growth of 2.5% to 4% when excluding prior period rents and term fees, 3.25% at the midpoint. This assumes occupancy levels will increase from 92.2% at 12/31, up to roughly 93% by year end 2024. Although expect to step back in the Q1 due to expected seasonality post holidays. And then add in additional contributions from our redevelopment and expansion pipeline of $9 million to $12 million. For those modeling, let me direct you to our 8-K on Page 16, where we provide our forecast of stabilized POI and timing by project. Now this will be offset by modestly lower prior period collections expected to be roughly $3 million in 2024 versus $5 million in 2023, modestly lower net term fees forecasted $4 million to $7 million range in 2024 versus $7 million in 2023 and continued drag from higher money costs. The recent $600 million of notes that we repaid last month at an effective rate of 3.7% versus the new blended cost on our two most recent refinancing of 4.3%. Other assumptions include $100 million to $150 million of spend this year on redevelopment expansions on our existing properties, G&A is forecast in the $48 million to $52 million range for the year and capitalized interest for 2024 is estimated at $18 million to $21 million. We've assumed the total credit reserve consisting bad debt expense, unexpected vacancy, incentive rent relief of 70 basis points to 90 basis points for 2024. More in line with pre pandemic historical averages. And as is our custom, this guidance does not reflect any acquisitions or dispositions in 2024. We will adjust likely upwards as we go, given our opportunistic approach to both. Quarterly FFO cadence for 2024 is forecast that the Q1 being roughly in line with the fourth quarter of 2023 at a range of $1.60 to $1.65 with sequential growth each quarter thereafter. Please see the detailed summary of this guidance in our 8-K on Page 28 and in our press release. And with that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And today's first question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: I was just hoping you guys could talk a little bit more about the office leasing, it sounded like there was the FinTech lease at Santana. Was there anything else? And curious as to the momentum or prospects for signing other tenants there and how you think that evolves in 2024?
Donald Wood: Yes. No, Juan, I try to without mentioning a name or getting myself in trouble, I try to indicate that there is a large tenant there that we are very close to lease signing on, the LOI is done. We're in the last stages of lease signing. I'm not going to name the tenant today, but you certainly will know them. And we would expect that lease, unless something dramatic goes wrong, done very shortly from here on. That -- along with that for sure and a couple of other smaller things is what gets us to that half done on that building in Santana West. And similarly, very close to signing on a couple of deals here at Pike & Rose or at 915 Meeting, which would get that building to 80% leased. So been a very different last few months in terms of, not just tours, but productivity in terms of turning LOIs into leases.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, thank you for taking the question. Don, just going through your tenancy, overall, it's pretty good list in the top tenants, but obviously there's some not rated, some not investment grade. But holistically, as you push the portfolio occupancy and really upgrade tenancy, are there types of tenants that you're saying no to like, for example, the classic private equity, highly levered tenants, even if they are great performer, you're saying, look, historically these type of levered tenants are the ones that cause issues in the next downturn and therefore, even though they may be promising, let's try to limit exposure. Just trying to think what ways that as the portfolio becomes increasingly in demand that you may be gaining leverage to sort of push back on the types of tenants, even if they're a great performer, but just going, you know what, great performer, but not great balance sheet we're going to pass?
Donald Wood: Yes, Alex it's really a good question. I mean the bottom line is, when you're trying to improve your portfolio, what you're effectively doing is, taking all of that into consideration for not just next year or the year after that, but the term of the lease. So it includes the capital decisions that have to be made in terms of whats going in. I will tell you that to the extent a tenant and this just I think makes sense to you, a tenant that we like a lot, but that has a riskier profile to the extent we're limiting significantly the capital we'll get to and we'll give them a shot. To the extent we're investing in that piece of real estate, that particular space in there, then there better be credit, there better be comfort, if you will that we're going to get paid, we're very likely to get paid through the entire term of the lease. So as I started out, I mean, this is a very good time for supply and demand dynamics. And what that means in the better properties is choice. And to the extent you have that choice, you absolutely consider things like leverage level, like what the owners are planning to do with the asset or with their retailer, etcetera. So it's a good time to be able to continue to upgrade the portfolio.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Good afternoon. Don, I guess just maybe following up on Alex's line of questioning. Just want to talk a little bit about pricing power and given where the portfolio is and the potential uptick in occupancy, I guess how are you and Wendy and the team thinking about being able to push rents? And do you expect that to materially change in 2024 or is that a little bit longer term kind of runway just given that there's been no supply in the space and demand seems to be very tight at good centers?
Donald Wood: It does. It does Steve. And look, at the end of the day, it's still a very local business and you're having this conversation based on what the potential choices are for that particular piece of real estate, where I love it, where I think the -- and I just believe this is the most important thing, it is in the contract itself. And so the leverage generally, whether it comes out in better bumps, I mean, you know how I feel about the bumps. That's a contractual increase in cash flow for a long period of time, nothing beats that to me. That's the first thing. And the second thing is, making sure that we have control of the space because the tenant wants control of the rest of that shopping center, not just the space, but the shopping center. And so I do think we're making and I've always kind of focused on this as a big thing for us to make sure that contract is as landlord friendly as it could be, but those are places where we have made pretty strong strides in the last 18 months in particular for strong leases with big bumps. So that's where I'd look for it most. And that's an insurance policy to know that the foundation of this company, the basic shopping centers throughout this company are really strong with rents that whether you believe it or not are under market as proven by each quarter that we go through. Now you take that and you supplement that with things like the redevelopments that we're doing at places like Huntington with a new residential project that we're doing at Bala Cynwyd with potential stronger acquisition market as we move forward, that's where I get very excited and very positive about the future growth of the company.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Spector: Great. Thank you. Don, can you elaborate on your opening remark comment on accretive acquisitions and opportunities? It seems like you're a bit more optimistic or maybe excited at some of the opportunities you're seeing. Is that correct? And if yes, is it certain regions, again, type of centers? I know we talk about this all the time, but I think it seemed like you specifically highlighted that in the opening remarks.
Donald Wood: Hey, Jeff. First of all, thanks for listening to the opening remarks. I appreciate that a ton. And yes, you are dead right in terms of where I see it. But let me turn it over to Jeff Berkes or Jan. Give us  guys, give us your thoughts on that question.
Jeff Berkes: Yes, sure Don. Hey Jeff, it's Jeff Berkes. I'm here with Jan, he'll jump in a minute on what he's seeing kind of day to day in the market. But, yes, you're right. We are looking forward to a good year in 2024 for acquisitions. We didn't really see anything in 2023 that excited us that much other than the opportunities we had to invest within our own portfolio at very accretive rates, but we think the market is starting to heal and we expect 2024 to be a better year, certainly a good year for us for acquisitions and I know you know as well and you probably know what I'm going to say, but keep in mind that -- look we've got a very compelling cost to capital. We are not constrained by any one sub product type within retail, we will -- we're format agnostic. We are more focused on location and opportunity with the piece of dirt than exactly the improvements that sit on it today. We have a really well developed team here that looks at highest and best use and ways to add value through re-leasing, remerchandising and improving the existing improvements, as well as knocking parts of the property down and going vertical and doing things like we're doing at Bala and other shopping centers in our portfolio where we add residential. We've got great relationships in the market. We're known as a closer, both with the sellers and the brokers, so I think we've got a lot of advantages and a really sort of clear eye towards growing the company through accretive acquisitions that are going to deliver long term growth to the company and we hope the markets respond and I think they will, but let me turn it over to Jan and kind of let him give you his thoughts on what we're seeing in the market today.
Jan Sweetnam: Hi, Jeff, Jan. So a lot of sellers have really been sitting on the sideline waiting for the comp to capital and cost to debt in their situation to kind of settle itself out. And I think 2023 was a record year for sellers asking brokers for their broker opinion of values. And it's just a massive BOV year. And super majority of those sellers chose not to put their properties on the marketplace. And so now that cost of capital and cost of debt has started to settle in a lot. We're hearing a lot of rumbling about sellers now putting their properties on the market. And in areas and sometimes in some new markets that are of interest to us that we think we're going to see. And so far as we're looking through here in early February, it seems like there's going to be a lot more interesting product for us to look at and try to acquire. So to me, I think 2024 is going to be a big year for us.
Donald Wood: Yes, Jeff, you've heard us talk about this in the past. We are very creative in how we structure deals. We have been for a very long time good at figuring out ways to solve sellers issues, particularly private sellers and older sellers that have owned the properties for a long time. So A lot of tools in the toolbox here at Federal and we expect to be putting them to good use this year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Greg McGinnis with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinnis: Hey, good evening. So it was a great year overall for retail leasing, but Q4 leasing volumes fell about 20% compared to the first three quarters in 2023 and resi occupancy saw 190 basis points quarter-over-quarter. Could you just provide some details on the trends you're seeing in retail tenant demand as well as what happened on the resi side and expectations built into 2024 guidance for resi occupancy and rent growth?
Donald Wood: I have to ask you to go, Dan or somebody on resi occupancy for a second. Before you do though on the retail occupancy in the Q4, Greg, that's just timing. There's nothing in there from a trends perspective that we feel any different about. I know we had a couple of particular Anchors that are released that went out in the fourth quarter and again released good spreads going forward, but just timing in the quarter there. I don't know, Wendy, if there's more to say about that for Greg.
Wendy Seher: No. I think if you look at -- it's just timing is number one and number 2 is our pipeline still remains strong. And when I look at where we are specifically in small shop leasing, I do feel like there we have a runway there, probably another 100 basis points to grow off of. And also some of the timing is also attributed to several of the deals that we're doing are on spaces that are already occupied. So there's some overlap there.
Donald Wood: Yes, let me -- Dan go ahead on resi if you want, but my comment, Greg, would be. We have a couple of markets that are very seasonal, primarily out here in California and New England. So we do try and ramp up occupancy, going into the slower winter season. So we can ride through first quarter of a little bit slower leasing in those seasonal markets and be in a position where we're not giving up a lot when the leasing season heats up again, so some of that strategic in the way we build occupancy up in the prior quarter. But Dan, if you got more to add, please do so.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. That's exactly right. On the residential portfolio seasonality is really what's driving that move. We're up year-over-year from an occupancy perspective and we fully expect occupancy to pull back in the fourth quarter relative to due to that exact reason. And we have a small portfolio. I think that it only takes a handful of units to kind of move things a little bit. So I would not read anything into that at all.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Craig Mailman with Citi. Please go ahead.
Craig Mailman: Thank you. Just want to go back to the question about acquisitions and it sounded like maybe there could be some OP unit deals in there, but could you just give us a sense of magnitude at this point of view at the level where we need to cap some of the equity and some of your trophy mixed use projects or can you guys fund this with kind of current liquidity?
Donald Wood: That's a good question, Craig. The funding with the -- funding with the trophy assets at some point, it's something for the future. It's not something for today, given where the market stand and the appetite and got still the uncertainty on that stuff overseas in particular. With respect to boosting the acquisition portfolio now. That's what that aligns for. So there is -- there is short-term financing and then it will be long-term financing. But there is -- there is a reason that powder is dry and we'd like to use it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Don, can you just go back to some of the comments you made about the office leasing demand you're seeing at Santana West and 915 Meeting. Just curious as there's been any kind of commonalities for why somebody says, I'm guessing it's relocations, moving to these centers and for 915 Meeting the NOI contribution, is it reasonable to expect that 50% contribution to be back end weighted or more per rentable.
Dan Guglielmone: Go ahead, Don.
Donald Wood: Yeah. On the pro-rata, I would say, effectively in terms of the contribution of the course of the year.
Dan Guglielmone: And I'm going to take a mandate, the common thread through all of this is either -- it's funny, either relocations from Downtown to these mixed use properties in both of them basically in that first ring suburbs or out further and coming in looking for the full amenities that is true, these properties provide. And that's been so darn consistent over the past 3, 3.5, 4 years with respect to what's happening there. I don't see that stopping. It's -- the demands of these tenants who are generally taking less space than they had, wherever they were West Coast, some kind of campus. The East Coast, the East Coast, same type of thing potentially. But they were -- they are taking less space but they demand more in terms of the amenity base and that is so consistent in basically the three places, the three big projects, whether it's - same in Boston, with respect to assembly. So, that's the common thread.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Mike Mueller: Yeah, Hi. I just have two quick development questions. I guess, first for Bala Cynwyd. Is there any meaningful NOI that's coming out of the run rate, your 4Q NOI run rate. And then do you have a ballpark estimate of timing for the Santana office rent commencements?
Donald Wood: Can you
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah, on Bala, I don't think there's any material --
Donald Wood: It's an empty Lord & Taylor which is
Dan Guglielmone: So no impact.
Donald Wood: And then the timing, we'll let you know on the timing. We'll start on Acrisure recognized some revenue this year, 2024. And we'll let you know when we sign the leases of the timing of the leases that we have in the pipeline, kind of when those will look to come online.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Floris van Dijkum: Hey. Good evening, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Following up a little bit on the office activity, obviously congrats on -- obviously you haven't gotten over the line yet, but certainly got the first leases going there, both Santana West as well as in Pike & Rose. Are those leases in your guidance. And maybe you can talk about what is happening to the negotiations in terms of the rents there. And Jeff, maybe I'd looked at your -- because you're on the grounds at Santana West. Are you getting pushback from office tenants on rents or other things or is it just -- talk a little bit about the competitive situation of and the balance between landlord and tenant because clearly different in office than it is in retail.
Dan Guglielmone: Go ahead, Jeff.
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. I'm actually going to pass it Jan. Floris, Jan handles all of our large office leasing. So, let me turn it over to him.
Jan Sweetnam: Hey, Floris. I think -- just in terms of the rent side I would say two things, one of which is, both at Pike & Rose and at Santana West here and also at assembly, really the tenants are looking for something as don said, they're looking for the amenity, they're looking for a better building, they are looking to upgrade their location. And so, they have tended to be less price sensitive on rent. So rents feel like they're holding pretty well, but the tenant improvement packages have in fact gone up. So that's really the change that we've seen, and that's where the competitive piece comes in, but the rents have been really rock solid
Dan Guglielmone: And just, Floris, to remind you and I think we've talked about this before, and Don alluded to it in his earlier comments. Most of the tenants that are moving into that -- are state of our buildings in those three locations are coming from inferior buildings where they take more space and they're downsizing. So while they may be paying a higher rent per foot in our buildings than they were paying because they're taking less square footage their overall occupancy costs are less which again goes to them not being as sensitive about rent. I think that's important to understand.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Dori Kesten with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Dori Kesten: Thanks. Good evening . Can you walk through your thought process behind the mortgage on Bethesda Row on just addressing the size, maybe loan to value, why Bethesda, specifically.
Donald Wood: Look, I think the debt markets have been extremely volatile. And interest rates have lacked direction, to say the least, I think back in October when we committed to doing that transaction, the 10 year was at 5%, the -- our stock was at $85 and we saw this as a unique opportunity for us to lock in a spread on a secured loan on one of our best properties and gets attractive financing. The leverage is lower than we typically would, it's a little bit structured. But today, mortgage rates on retail product today at normalized leverage levels are probably 200 basis points over the Treasury, probably 175 basis points to 200 basis points on a floating rate basis above SOFR, we were able to get 95 basis points through the structuring that we did with our lender. We felt like that was a really, really attractive credit spreads, it was certainly more attractive than the 150 basis points to 160 basis points we're looking at back in October. And to do a five year loan and so it was just a -- I think a unique opportunistic financing that really demonstrates Federals historic ability to access different parts of the capital markets at more difficult times in the cycle. And I think that in -- our access of the convertible market, it's another example of that. Don, did you want to add anything?
Donald Wood: No, I wanted to ask you, Dan, I mean from a tax perspective, tax basis perspective, putting $200 million on Bethesda Row frees up some flexibility with respect to the --
Dan Guglielmone: For tax planning. And so, I think having the leverage on there and having debt on Bethesda, where we've created significant value over our ownership created a ton of value above where if we do want to bring in a joint venture partner, this brings and gives us that optionality and that flexibility from a tax efficient.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi. Thank you. I think you said earnings growth in 2023 with an 8% apps entire money costs will level of earnings growth does this mean for 2024, if you look at it the same way.
Dan Guglielmone: Well, 8% -- we had significant headwinds 2027 -- we have less headwinds heading into 2024, although they're still there. I haven't done the calculation, but it's probably a couple of 100 basis points of incremental, if you back out the cost of that. So the 3% probably goes up to something north of 5%, less money costs at least from my perspective. I haven't done the exact calculation, but that's roughly where I would say.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Anthony Powell: Hi. Thank you. I think in the prepared remarks, you talked about how construction costs were going lower, which helps with your decision to do the Philadelphia residential, can you maybe expand more on what's going on with construction cost, and do more of your projects in your future redevelopment pipeline look attractive given lower construction cost.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes, it's a good question. When -- it's not dramatic in terms of a reduction in construction costs. I mean, when you think about the components of it, particularly the labor component of it. When business slows down as it obviously has passed a couple of years, you've got better leverage to get labor rates that makes them more sense. And when you compare that to really last five or six years in particular before that, it's a dramatic difference in terms of being able to forecast. And that's really the most important thing here is, anytime you want to do a redevelopment or development itself, it's about predictability of costs in addition to growth on the rents. So what's happening now is we're finding much better predictability in construction costs primarily on the labor side, we're going to tie these things down to GMP's a maximum price contracts. And so when you're able to do that, then you can then focus more on what the rent growth is the timing, does it make sense to do. In the case of Bala, it was really a case where supply and demand finally made some sense without new product being added in that particular section of the main line, which is very attractive. So we really liked that, now we could make sense of that, a year ago or two years ago or three years ago, but we can make sense of it now. I would hope to see more of those possibilities going forward. And remember, this is land that Federal owns for a very long-time, and that gives you a huge advantage because the land costs are aren't incremental landlords, associated with it. So that's why that makes sense. So when you look at construction, I wouldn't look at it as you know, costs are going to be dramatically lower than they were, but they've certainly stabilized and coming down a few percentage points because of the labor side. It's an important consideration when you're deciding where to go or not.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Paulina Rojas Schmidt with Green Street. Please go ahead.
Paulina Rojas Schmidt: Hello, everyone. And my question is related to the prior one. And you reported for the Bala project an ROIC of 7, and I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks, the unlevered IRR as well. But more broadly speaking, what kind of profit margin we need to see when thinking about this project to [indiscernible] risks, whether it's cost or leasing.
Dan Guglielmone: Not quite following your question, Paulina, you asking kind of what kind of huge premium we need to get to kind of have those -- to have the IRRs get up into the double digit?
Paulina Rojas Schmidt: Yes, when we think about comparing your tax rate or --
Dan Guglielmone: I think that developing this towards -- developing this to a 7 is clearly higher than it would be in today's market. And as interest rates come down and stabilize, obviously, what we -- what the spread is, as well north of 100 basis points, 150 basis points and 200 basis points. And look, we are going to expect to be able to grow rents residentially in line with kind of what we've done in our residential portfolio is amenitize adjacent to great retail and we've been able to grow rents very attractively overtime. So as we grow rents, obviously the POI, it's going to be a big driver of those unlevered returns as well. So those are the -- those are the inputs that go in there that get us very comfortable, get a double digit IRR unlevered something that's achievable, developing this to a 7 initially, and having a growth from there.
Jeff Berkes: Hey, Dan, if I can just add on. Paulina, it's Jeff. One thing to think about too as it relates to federal and the residential that we develop and we've got about $900 million pipeline of projects in the design and entitlement phase right now is almost all of those -- are at places where we already operate residential property. That's the case at Bala, the case if we do anything of Bethesda Row, Santana Row, Pike and Rose, Assembly Row, other places in Montgomery County, Maryland where we own real estate. So the risk adjusted return for us is really, really strong. We understand the rental market very well, we operate units, we're adding units. So we understand the operating costs very well. And as Don mentioned in the prior question, when we contract for the construction, we're doing that with full construction drawings great bid coverage and a guaranteed maximum price contract. So the risk adjusted returns for us are exceptionally strong when we add residential to our portfolio.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today is a follow-up from Alexander Goldfarb from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey. Good evening. Just going back to the Bethesda Row. I think you guys had spoken previously about possibly joint venturing that asset or maybe there was institutional interest, but I guess bigger picture, historically Federal hasn't been a JV platform. But you talked about it with the potential on Bethesda. So in your view, Don, as you guys talk to joint venture capital, what's their appetite for shopping centers and do they believe that truly this burgeoning growth that we all talk about will actually come to fruition, or is there a view that the leases are so locked in in favor of the tenant that yes, at some point, they can get good economics, but may be a longer timeline than they actually are willing to underwrite and invest, just sort of curious what's going on the private side as you talked to possible partners.
Donald Wood: Well, a couple of things. Alex. And Jeff, I'd love you to add a to this if you need to. But first of all, I'm -- don't use me as a proxy for what's happening among the -- the private side. In terms of their appetite because we have not seriously gone down the road with -- with any of them in terms of serious negotiations because we don't believe this is the right time. It's effectively do a deal like that on the mixed use assets. When we looked at ourselves and where we see the growth in the portfolio, I think I've said this for the last four or five, five quarters, our mixed use stuff is outperforming the other stuff. And it's growing and it's growing fast. So we'd like to get this stuff to have that trajectory continue, I would like to see over the next year or two the capital markets, yeah, solidify themselves. Obviously, we're just in the very early stages of figuring out what the -- what that means in terms of capital markets with the country. And so, I don't have much more to add with respect to any specific group of private joint venture, investors because we really haven't had in-depth conversations with them at this point. I don't know. Jeff, anything?
Jeff Berkes: Yeah, Don. I don't really have anything meaningful to add to that. Sorry.
Donald Wood: All good.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Steve Sakwa of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa: Yeah. Thanks. Just wanted to quick follow-up maybe with Dan G. on the guidance. When you kind of look through the building blocks, just maybe help us think through which ones have kind of the most leverage maybe to the upside and the downside. And maybe just a little bit more color on the POI growth ex prior period rents and term fees, it's about 100 basis points slower around three and a quarter versus the four, three, so maybe just kind of walk us through there. Is that really all kind of bad debt driven. Or is there something else kind of pulling that growth rate down? Thanks.
Donald Wood: Yeah. It is guidance. And I think there are a lot of things that go into now in particular that go into the FFO guidance. I mean as it relates to specifically, the comparable y-o-y growth with 2.5% to 4% occupancy levels and how aggressively and how quickly we can up towards 93%. I think, how much percentage rent. And we continue to collect parking revenues and we control property level expenses the way we have which has been a big help. Term fees, I guess don't apply to that metric but that's going to drive FFO. Although it will necessarily drive the of POI metric excluding that, how quickly and how we can get development POI up. And I think one of the things that going to be a big driver as we look we purposely have $600 million of floating rate debt, quickly SOFR comes down. I think we're pretty conservative in terms of our assumptions for where interest rates will go. And so that's -- that will have an impact. And then, I think what we've done an exceptional job at which probably drive some of the POI growth is just getting tenants open sooner, keeping tenants inpossession. Longer -- keeping tenants in that would be expected to leave. I think that's a -- that's a another driver. I think they all contribute throughout the range.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I like to turn the conference back over Leah Brady for closing remarks.
Leah Brady: Look forward to seeing many of you in the next few weeks. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference, y'all. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Leah Brady, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Leah Brady: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Federal's Chief Executive Officer; Jeff Berkes, President and Chief Operating Officer; Dan G, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Jan Sweetnam, Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer; and Wendy Seher, Executive Vice President, Eastern Region President as well as other members of our executive team that are here to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results, including guidance. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and the supplemental reporting package that we issued today, our annual report filed on Form 10-K, and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operation. Given the number of participants on the call, we kindly ask you to limit yourself to one question during the Q&A portion of our call. If you have additional questions, please re-queue. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our third quarter results. Don?
Donald Wood: Thanks, Leah, and good afternoon, everyone. It's a good time to own high quality retail centric real estate. Demand exceeds supply for the best stuff. And this past quarter's results, and in fact, the whole year thus far has made that patently obvious. For the third consecutive quarter, we signed comparable leases. In other words, 95% of all the deals done during the quarter. The only deals we exclude in our definition of comparable relate to ground-up construction. For over a 0.5 million square feet 553,000 to be exact. For the nine months of 2023, that's over 1.6 million square feet of comparable deals, a mark we've never hit before. It's more than the first nine months of '22, which itself was a record and more than the first nine months of 2021, which itself set a record. You can see it in the occupancy numbers too. Well, the Bed Bath closings were expected to end and reduce occupancy in the quarter versus last year by 100 basis points. Our overall occupancy declined just 30 basis points on a lease basis and 50 basis points on an occupied basis. That says something about demand. If you dig deeper, small shop occupancy, the part of the business we hear the most consternation about increased another 50 basis points to 90.7% on a lease basis, and 80 basis points on an occupied basis. This trend has been a steady and powerful trend for two and a half years now. When you look at occupancy possibilities going forward, by looking at our past, it's reasonable to expect another 100 basis points, a small shop occupancy, and another 250 basis points of anchor occupancy, due largely to Bed Bath. Roughly 200 basis points overall in the coming 18 months or two years, depending, of course, on the extent of future bankruptcies that are not obvious to us today. I go through all this to really try to hammer home the obvious health of a business centered around leasing high quality, retail centric properties in the first ring suburbs of America's greatest cities. While bottom line results are and will continue to be muted by the higher, but certainly historically reasonable cost of capital that's likely here to stay. Rents will likely adjust upward over time to that reality, especially with tenants and in locations that are affluent. I hope that higher interest rates don't cloud investors' appreciation of the strong underlying business fundamentals that exist today and likely tomorrow. So let's talk about rents. 100 comparable deals, which again represents 95% of the deals done this quarter. So certainly representative of the total company. 553,000 square feet starting new rent of $34.51. Final year of old rent $31.17. That's plus 11% on a cash basis, 21% on a straight line basis. A weighted average lease term of 8.8 years, excluding options. The average lease term with all options exercised is more like 16 years. An average CAGR of contractual rent lumps of this quarter's leases was 2.5%. TI's per foot of $31.19, when you don't consider this quarter's option exercises $16.67 per foot when you do. Been hearing that our rents are high for the better part of the last 20 years. I guess on a relative basis they are. Better properties have higher rents, better properties have higher tenant sales and profitability too. Frankly it's obvious. That sustained leasing volume and those economics bode well for the future, especially the contractual rent volumes. Third quarter results benefited from that level of activity over the past six quarters. FFO per share of $1.65 in the third quarter was ahead of consensus, was ahead of internal expectations and ahead of last year's third quarter by 4% despite far higher interest expense and lost Bed Bath income. This is a really strong quarter for us. As you know, we were particularly active on the acquisition front during the COVID years of 2021 through 2022. In total, $1 billion in new additions to the core portfolio during that time, whereby the post-acquisition leasing continues to exceed the acquisition underwriting. Similarly, leasing production in properties that have recently undergone redevelopment and/or property improvement plans have also continued to outperform our expectations and we also expect that to continue. And while big new acquisitions have slowed given the higher cost of capital, note that in 2023, we've been able to invest over $120 million at 8%, with a blended IRR above 10. We did that through, number one, the acquisition of our partners, 22% interest in Escondido Shopping Center. Secondly, the acquisition of the fee and the portion of the Huntington Square Shopping Center that we didn't previously own. And number three, in October, the fee under Mercer on One in Princeton, new Jersey, one of our best performing regional shopping centers over the last 20 years. Smart but creative capital deployment of real estate very well known to us in each case. And as strong as the core shopping center business has been, the large mixed use properties have been even stronger. Retail leased occupancy at 97%. Residential lease occupancy at 98%. Office leased occupancy at 97%, excluding buildings under development. Powerful traffic counts and tenant sales make these property the center of the communities in which they operate. They draw customers from distances far more than the local neighborhood. So as not to leave it out, as I've mentioned on prior calls, our multi-tenant leasing strategy at Santana West has generated meaningful tenant interest that has progressed to advanced lease negotiations with multiple tenants for more than half the building. While leases are not executed yet, our progress here is noteworthy. Strength of our business is grounded in superior demographics. Always has been. Always will be. More density, higher incomes and real barriers to entry are always important in our business, but never more so than an uncertain times in the economy. Past cycles have proven this out time and time again, with 70,000 households with annual household incomes of over $150,000 sitting within three miles of federal centers, there's simply no large open air portfolio available for the public investor to own than this one. Not one. You know, naturally, we're all on the lookout for changes in the strength of the American consumer and their spending habits because, as you know, it's remained surprisingly resilient. So we tried to dissect the limited tenant sales data that we have for the 2023 third quarter and compared it to the 2022 third quarter. As expected for us, sales were up portfolio wide. Digging a little deeper, our properties with the highest average income surrounding them. So a quarter over quarter tenant sales that were significantly better than our properties with the lowest average incomes surrounding them. No surprise, but an indicator we're keeping our eyes on in the months and the year ahead. They set up front. It's a good time to own high quality retail centric real estate. Let me now turn it over to Dan before opening it up to your questions.
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you Don and hello everyone. Another strong quarter of bottom line FFO growth despite higher interest costs. Even with the headwinds, stronger POI has driven almost 4% FFO growth both of the third quarter and 2023's first nine months. The $1.65 per share be consensus by $0.03 and was $0.02 above the upper end of our guidance range. With respect to this continued strong performance, we can point to the following drivers. Higher property level POI than forecasts driven by higher min rents as we got tenants open ahead of forecast and kept tenants in longer. Higher overage percentage rent and specialty leasing, higher term fees than we forecast, as well as lower property level expenses. Despite the offset of higher interest costs and higher G&A, as you can see, we had another very, very strong quarter. With respect to our comparable metric, POI growth was 3.8%. On a cash basis, comparable POI growth, excluding term fees and prior period rent was also 3.8%. Year-to-date through the first nine months cash basis comparable POI, ex-term fees and prior period rents stands at 4.6% of the upper bound of our expectations and will result in an increase in 2023's outlook for that metric, which I will touch upon later. This helped contribute to an overall POI growth of 7% for the third quarter and 7.5% year to-date. Term fees in the comparable pool this quarter were up 2.4 million versus 1.3 million in the third quarter of last year. Prior period rent this quarter was down to 900,000 versus 1.7 million in the third quarter of '22 basically a wash for these two adjustments. Details for term fees and prior period rent in the quarter are disclosed in our 8-K. Year-over-year occupancy showed continued progress, with our overall occupied metric landing at 92.3% and our leased percentage at 94.0%. Both metrics meaningfully higher than we have forecasted due to strong leasing and our team's efforts to get tenants open and rent paying. Net of the negative 100 basis points, occupancy impact from the Bed Bath departures during the quarter, our occupied metric grew by 50 basis points and our leased metric grew by 70 basis points. As a result, our sign not occupied percentage in total stands at over 250 basis points for 27 million, comprised of roughly 17 million recommended total rent in our existing portfolio, with an additional 10 million of total rent in our non-comparable pool, where leases are signed and the space is to be delivered. Now let me emphasize the strong quarter of comparable retail leasing, with 11% cash rollover and 21% rollover on a straight line basis, which was achieved with meaningfully less capital than we've historically seen. Despite having a significantly higher share of new leases signed during the quarter, which was largely caused due to mix. As last quarter we had a high percentage of renewals. Tenant improvements and landlord work per square foot for these new leases came down meaningfully to $41 per square foot and resulted in a blended $31 per square foot, including renewals. Strong new leasing activity was evidenced by 61 new deals totaling 423,000 square feet retail leasing representing 75% of the volume for the quarter. With more than half of this leasing for space that was vacant at June 30th. A big driver of the strong occupancy gains in the third quarter, net of the Bed Bath departures. Historically, Federals disclosed leasing volume, rollover and capital metrics have been reflective of arm's length negotiated transactions and therefore have not included option exercise. Options are one way for the tenant. And they also do not have any capital associated with it. In an effort to continuously improve our disclosure, we have expanded the retail leasing schedules and our 8-K to include option exercises. We had 100 -- we had 482,000 square feet of options exercise this quarter, which incidentally had solid rollover of 9%. But more importantly, bring our total reported capital number from $32 per square foot in total down to $70 per square foot when including these option exercises. This expanded disclosure can be found on page 23 of the 8-K supplement. Note that we have also highlighted what percentage of total leases signed each quarter are comparable. Our trailing 12 month average is 95% by number and 97% by GLA, which we believe presents a more comprehensive picture for the investment community, particularly for rollover. Now to the balance sheet. A quarter-end, we maintain $1.3 billion of total available equipment, comprised of $1.2 billion available under our revolver and roughly 100 million of cash. With respect to our leverage, our net debt to EBITDA ratio held steady at six times, and we continue to expect it to be back into the fives in 2024. Our in-process $750 million pipeline of active redevelopments and expansions, a competitive advantage for federal given its scale. That's only $180 million to spend against our $1.3 billion of available liquidity, with a large chunk of that remaining figure being leasing capital, which is good news when deployed. This pipeline should continue to drive incremental POIs into '24 through '25. And into '26. Now on to guidance. We are increasing our forecast for FFO per share for 2023, up to a range of $6.50 to $6.58, up from the previous range of $6.46 to $6.58. Guidance now reflects 2023 FFO growth over 2022 of 3% to 4%, 3.5% at the midpoint. We have managed through retailer bankruptcies to-date, extremely well. As I previously have discussed, we have relatively small exposure to expected near-term retailer fallout. Our credit reserves will likely come in lower than the originally fully loaded 100 to 135 basis points range that we provided with a revised credit reserve at 85 to 95 basis points. A dip in occupancy, we expected this quarter was much less than forecasted as two of our Buy Buy Baby locations, and only one of our Christmas tree shop locations went away and we're assumed. Coupled with strong performance on accelerating rent commencements and the aforementioned strong leasing volumes for the quarter. From a comparable growth perspective, given a solid first nine months, we are increasing the 2% to 4% comparable POI growth range up to 2.75% to 3.75% and the 3% to 5% range for comparable POI growth adjusting for prior period rents and term fees to 3.75% to 4.75%. On a cash basis, adjusting for prior period rent term fees, we're increasing our 3% to 5% outlook up to 4% to 5%. Additionally, as discussed previously, at length, we expect to continue to capitalize interest expense for Santana West for the balance of this year and through at least 2024, and have refined our G&A assumption down to 51 million to 53 million for the year. As always, we have provided an updated summary of the key assumptions for our guidance on page 27 of our 8K. With respect to 2024, we will provide guidance in detail on our 2023 year-end call in February. And with that operator please open up the line for questions.
Operator: Of course, we will now begin the question-and -answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster. Today's first question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good afternoon, and I'll do my best to stick to the one question. Don, you guys sold. I realize it's small, but you sold one of your Third Street Promenade assets in Santa Monica. And I remember, you know, over the years that that's been sort of one of the highlights that that retail has been a highlight for you. I guess things have changed. But stepping back. Are there other areas of the portfolio that used to hold, you know, maybe better opportunity and what's happened in the past few years as populations have shift. You're now reassessing. So we may see more sales of assets that previously we wouldn't have seen you guys sell.
Donald Wood: Thanks for the question, Alex. The answer is a hard, no. Santa Monica Third Street is a, it's a really unique situation, frankly, in the country. We made a fortune on Third Street. And if I show you the IRRs from when we owned it till you know when we sold that building and frankly, the rest of it, they are really spectacular. But there is no doubt that COVID changed Third Street significantly. And, yeah, there's downside on the street. We're not believers in the ability to continue what we have. Now at a different basis. Maybe that could make some sense again because it would be reset and starting again. But please don't take Third Street Promenade and extrapolate that to other assets within the portfolio. It's a unique one-off.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa: Yeah. Thanks. Good afternoon. Don, maybe just sticking on the transaction market and looking for opportunities. You know, one of your, I guess, peers in the shopping center space is kind of pivoting and putting a fair number of assets on the market for sale. I'm just curious if any of those larger format assets might hold appeal to federal?
Donald Wood: From a sales perspective for us, Steve, the answer to that is not really, I mean, it's the same it's the same process that we would that we would normally go through each year. As you know, you can always expect $100 million, $200 million, 300 sometimes of sales, depending upon the marketplace and what it is we don't have. I don't see that, for us at this point and including looking forward, I'm really happy, frankly, with the positioning that we have. On the other side in terms of buying, there's going to be a buying opportunity, man. I'm not sure if it's -- if it's the right now to tell you the truth. Hard to imagine with all the debt coming due and the situation the banks could be in the next year or two or three, that there won't be some, some really nice opportunities that we see. But we'll stick to that time and see it then. Not today. It would be my answer.
Operator: The next question is from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Good afternoon. I was just hoping you could talk a little bit about the signed but not occupied pipeline. On the expectations for the for that NOI to come online and maybe the mix on the timing perspective between the developments redevelopment slash the kind of normal course assets the same store pool. If you could just give us a little color on the expectations for that. Thank you.
Donald Wood: Sure, sure. You know, I think that you'll see roughly about 10% of the aggregate number of the 27 million coming in the fourth quarter. I think the balance of it largely will come out over the course of 2024. You know, I don't think I think it will be fairly, you know, front end loaded first half of the year, a little bit more weighted than the back half of the year. And it will not be materially different in terms of kind of when it comes online, when you look at everything, including the space coming online for the non-comparable properties. So largely 10% in the fourth quarter and then the balance in 2024.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg McGinnis with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinnis: Hey. Good evening. Two parter on guidance here. First is on the implied Q4 FFO per share guidance range, which at 1.59 to $1. 67 feels a bit wider than usual. So what could take you to the top or bottom of that range? And with regards to development funding, you quite reasonably took equity funding out of guidance but maintained disposition expectations. So how should we be thinking about funding development at year end and into 2024?
Donald Wood: Yeah. Hey, look, we narrowed the range. The implied range there. It is what it is. The 1.59 to 1.67. It is there. I think, look, we did an exceptional job this quarter of getting rents started. You know, faster than we expected. We're going to hope to do that again. We have been doing, I think, a good job of keeping tenants in place for longer. I think that we'll see occupancy growth in the fourth quarter, given the significant amount of leasing that we had. You know, I think that there's not going to be probably it is a little wide. The 1.59 you probably want to look, you know, a few cents outside of the midpoint there, but I wouldn't read too much into that. You know, I think part of it is also we'll see what happens with regards to, you know, we're fine tuning our G&A for the remainder of the year. And, you know, I think one of the things that we did really well is, you know, we delivered choice hotels. Early. Got it in before quarter-end. And that will be a nice, you know, recognition through the entire quarter relative to kind of what we had expected. And then, obviously, I think you're going to see, you know, the headwind of interest rates and who knows what happens through the balance of the last two months. But obviously we're facing higher interest rates than we had expected. And, you know, obviously the timing and what we do in terms of our refinancing may dictate some of that. I think development. And then with regards to funding development, we have an undrawn $1.2 billion credit facility. You know, we are continuing to look at in modest levels, not alluded to, continuing to see if we can get some asset sales done. You know, we're very, very well positioned, I think, from our perspective to be able to, you know, we really have $180 million left on our development, um, remaining $750 million development pipeline, $1.3 billion of liquidity at quarter-end certainly positions us well over the next, you know, four to five quarters to get done what we need to get done.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Goldsmith: Good evening. Thanks a lot for taking my question. How does the updated credit reserve guidance compare to historical levels? And related to that, on the tenant watch list, you continue to see strong momentum within the small shop space. Does that represent a larger portion of the tenant watch list in the anchor space? Thank you.
Donald Wood: Yes. With regards to the 85 to 95, that's kind of in line. We end up around about 100 basis points. So I think we did slightly better than historically, meaningfully better because I think we had less impact from Bed Bath & Beyond that I think we originally had forecasted. But I think that that's been a positive result from us managing the portfolio over time. And with regards to the watch list, we just don't have much exposure to any of the names that people are worried about. Names like Rite Aid, Big Lots, Joanne, Express represent a de minimis amount of our total rent exposure in the ballpark of about 25 basis points. It's really nothing. And so I think near term, we feel pretty good about the watch list. But we'll assess that for 2024. And we'll move forward as we get through our budgeting process through the balance of this year.
Operator: The next question is from Dori Kesten with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Dori Kesten: Thanks. Good evening. You started the call with the expectation of 100 basis points of small shop occupancy and 250, I believe, for anchor to be gained over the next 18 months to two years. Would you expect your leasing spreads to remain comparable to what you've seen of late also for that period?
Donald Wood: Yes. I think I would, Dori. It's a good question. We talk about it a lot in the notion of how to lease up, what tenants, the appropriate level of merchandising, what they will do to the rest of the shopping center. I mean, we are picky in terms of how we do that. And so the -- frankly, I think if you lease up too fast, you're probably leaving money on the table. And so the notion of being able to get the right tenant and get paid for that, that's something that's really important to us. And combine that with the credit, the type of credit of those small shop tenants, the guarantees that we get, the -- we very rarely do something with a first-time retailer. It's almost always with a regional player or someone that's got a number of stores. We get the entire organization most of the time on the lease from a credit perspective. So for me, that's the key part of where we create the most value in the company. It is that small shop stuff that works off of the anchors. And on the anchor leases, I can't empirically say this, but I believe the terms of the anchor deals that we get, including the bumps that are in those leases and the strength of those leases, I think they're superior. I think they're some of the strongest leases that those tenants do. So it's not just about occupancy. It's about profitability. And that balance is something we take really seriously.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Spector: Great. Thank you. Can you provide an update on any office lease progress at One Santana, including there was some news that maybe PwC is looking for space there? Thank you.
Donald Wood: Jeff, no, I cannot name a tenant. Where are my comments? By the way, you just cost me $10 with Melissa. I said if I made the comments that I made in here, which are real clear with respect to where we are, the deals we have, how close we're getting, et cetera, but we don't have signed leases yet, I said if I made those comments in there, there wouldn't be a question about the same thing. But you are and you cost me $10. I'm going to bill you on that, if you don't mind. That's really all I can say about that. You should be optimistic because we sure are in terms of the ability to keep moving forward. But no, I cannot name a tenant.
Operator: The next question is from Hongliang Zhang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Hongliang Zhang: Yeah, I guess a follow-up to the prior question. If we were to think about leasing at Santana West, if you were to get a tenant in, would you fully -- would the capitalized interest fully burn off there? Or would it be a proportional amount. Thanks so much.
Donald Wood: We expect to continue to capitalize interest on the balance of the year 2024 to deliver space to tenants. We would expect that we would be able to match up the reduction in capitalized interest with the rent starts. So that should be expected.
Dan Guglielmone: Consistent with what we've discussed in the past, there's no changes in our expectation with regards to that and that policy.
Operator: The next question is from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Ravi Vaidya: Hi, there. This is Ravi Vaidya on the line for Haendel. Hope you guys are doing well? What's your early read for '24 same-store NOI? Some of your peers have particularly expect next year's same-store to be above average again. Can you talk about that a bit and the levers that you could possibly pull to achieve above-average same-store level for next year?
Dan Guglielmone: Look, I think, as I said in my statement, we are going to give guidance for 2024 in detail on our call in February, okay? With regard to same store, we will be growing POI next year. We said that before, I'll confirm that here. But that's about what I'm prepared to say at this point.
Operator: The next question is from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Anthony Powell: Hi. Good evening. I guess a question on the residential piece of the business. Obviously, the multifamily REITs had a pretty tough earnings season. So what are you seeing there in terms of rent renewal rates or whatnot? And how should that perform in the next few quarters?
Donald Wood: Yes, you should be very positive about that. If you think about where our residential is, it's only in four places, four or five places and they're all at the mixed-use properties that have high rents on -- in general because of where they are and the right growth is generally better because of where they are. We're seeing that particularly true at Assembly in -- just outside of Boston. We're seeing that equally true in Silicon Valley. And so when you kind of think about the particular markets that we're in and you think of the cost of home prices and home -- and mortgages that effectively go there, renting at fully amenitized, great locations looks awfully good. And that's our business model. So I can't really talk generally about the residential world because I don't know it outside of these mixed-use environments in our four big projects. I hope that's helpful. Be positive about it.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi. It looks like your weighted average lease term moves around each quarter, but stays pretty consistent in the 6.5 to 7.5 years. I just wonder if there's any desire to drive lower lease terms to capture more upside, given the low retail supply.
Donald Wood: The only thing I would say to that is it depends on the deal. And so when you're sitting there and not only you get a strong starting rent, but you can get strong bumps in there, we'll lock that in. And that's a key part of what it is that we do. In terms of the 8.8 years this time versus 6.5 or 7.5, that's simply a matter of mix. Now there are certainly certain locations where certain things are happening with redevelopment or whatever else, where we're purposely trying to keep it tighter and shorter period of time, and we do stuff like that. But overall, portfolio-wide, I really do, Linda, I'd really love you to understand those and look hard at those contractual bumps because they're a real differentiator over the term of the lease.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, thank you. Don, as we think about the sort of the traditional items and tenant leases that they like, optionality on renewals, co-tenancy, use restrictions, are you starting to see the tenants give on some of those as availability dwindles and they need, yes, there's less space especially at the anchor level? And if you have, can you give some tangible examples of where you've seen tenants make deals today, like the big sort of tough negotiating tenants where they've made deals today that they wouldn't have made a few years ago because of the dwindling availability.
Donald Wood: Good question, Alex. It really is. I'm going to turn it over to Wendy to make sure that you get the specifics.
Wendy Seher: Alex, so I would say the answer is yes overall. We are seeing with the really, especially from the better specialty brands, they are not able to find the kind of product that they're looking for. And so there is a big demand for some of our Bethesda Row and the growth, for example. I was just talking to the leasing people for Bethesda Row, and we have a waiting list of 10 to 12 tenants that are trying to get into Bethesda Row in the right format they'd like to join us. So when I'm hearing about waiting list, yes, we're able to drive those terms a little bit better than we had before. We just -- it's pretty exciting. We just signed a deal with Bloomingdale's department store to go into The Grove and just over 21,000 square feet, a great opportunity. I can't obviously get into the specifics of that deal. But I will tell you from the time we started the lease until we signed it, it was 40 days. So it was a clear desire on their part to get that deal done in a geographic area that we feel pretty strong will not only benefit them but will benefit our shopping center.
Jeffrey Berkes: I would say, Alex, it's Jeff. Keep in mind that we're pretty tough on waste terms, and we're not necessarily giving away a lot of the things that you're talking about to begin with. The leverage is definitely, as Wendy said, shifted to a lot of the landlords in many respects, given the shortage of space and given our proclivity to be tough on all terms in the lease, not just the financial terms. We're cutting good deals right now, and we're cutting them with great tenants. Really, really positive environment right now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is a follow-up from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you. Just going back to Michael's question from earlier in the call about the implied fourth quarter guide. Maybe, Dan, could you provide a little bit of a bridge on the implied sequential deceleration of what those drivers are in FFO from the third quarter run rate to the midpoint of the implied fourth quarter guide, please?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. Look, I think that -- I think we're probably a little conservative candidly on some of the numbers there. I think we've got a good year, which could impact G&A, which would go up. Those are kind of -- I think the number is a little bit of conservatism and probably a little bit of increased G&A in the final quarter probably is what, I think, gets you to kind of the midpoint or the implied midpoint of the guidance.
Operator: The next question comes from Nick Joseph with Citi. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Joseph: Just curious kind of the plans and thoughts for Mercer Mall after acquiring the fee interest. I know potential expansion or conversion. So wondering on the timing there and kind of the current thoughts?
Jeffrey Berkes: Sure. Yes. Nick, let me answer the -- this is Jeff. Let me answer the first part of that question, and then I'm going to turn it over to Wendy so she can walk you through some of the things that we've got going on at Mercer. But the acquisition of the fee, which happened in October, was something that we baked into the deal 20 years ago. So exercising that option today does not have any bearing on what we would do with the property longer term. The plans that we have in place for Mercer right now are -- would have progressed with or without that. But we've got a lot of great things going on at the property, and it's been a great asset for us. So Wendy, do you want to fill in some of the details?
Wendy Seher: Sure. We've been working on rebranding the property. So it will be rebranded as Mercer on One. That's kind of a catchy feel to it. We are -- you'll be seeing signage going up on the side to execute on that remerchandising and rebranding of the property. We have DSW, who's going to be leaner and meaner as they downsize and two new tenants coming in right next to them plus we have backfilled the -- as you saw with Crate & Barrel, the portion of the Bed Bath & Beyond that we got, I think, it was the end of last year. So a lot of exciting things going on at Mercer and a lot of investment on our part where we were able to drive those rents with a good demand in the market and get a return on that invested capital.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. And just to remind folks that, that was a $55 million investment at 8.7% yield. So kudos to the folks who've embedded that option 20 years ago to allow us to have this really great opportunity to invest capital at a property we own. I think an implied -- current cap rate on it significantly inside of the yield to acquire a portion of the fee underneath.
Donald Wood: Yes, Nick, and I am going to chime in. I know it's a long answer to a simple question about an asset, but Mercer shows so much about kind of what we -- what's right down the middle of the play for us. There's a big piece of land that we were able to get control of. Jeff got -- did an amazing job, frankly, 20 years ago. And there's -- you think about -- when you talk about us for the long term, we didn't take a chance on whether we're going to own the fee or not own the fee. We had it contractually done. So the timing is now. But if you look at what happened to that income stream on such a big piece of land, there was so much that was done in that property that was not originally underwritten. It reminds me a thing like Pembroke today. It reminds me of things like Rosemont today, the things that we've been able to do that you can't quite underwrite, but because they are dominant community-based centers that got drop on the large areas, we want to keep it going. And with what's failing around it and some of the challenges of the inside mall space around it, it's looking stronger than ever.
Operator: The next question comes from Hongliang Zhang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Hongliang Zhang: I guess as I look at your redevelopment pipeline, most of your redevelopment expansion projects are expected to stabilize by next year. When should we expect you to start activating future projects in your pipeline?
Donald Wood: Yes. It's a great question and one that we spend a lot of time around here doing. Obviously, the higher cost of money means a higher level of return threshold. And so really what it's about for us and this, I think, is different than most people is we do have the ability to do, given the residential entitlements that we have, given the amount of redevelopment on retail properties with an additional residential component, that's something where you've got rates that change every year. You got year leases. And so the notion of being able to get something started for a few years from now and having it move in is much more likely in that category than it is obviously when you're talking about some other piece of real estate. So you'll see more of those redevelopments, retail redevelopments that we do on our existing properties. That will continue and will start -- will pick up again next year. But you'll also see some of the larger stuff, I think, later on next year with respect to particularly residential opportunities within the portfolio, places that we've already created that retail environment to be additive to.
Operator: At this time, I am showing no further questions. And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the call back to Leah Brady for closing remarks.
Leah Brady: We look forward to seeing many of you in the next few weeks. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Leah Brady, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Leah Brady: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Federal's Chief Executive Officer; Jeff Berkes, President and Chief Operating Officer; Dan G., Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Jan Sweetnam, Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer; Wendy Seher, Executive Vice President, Eastern Region President; and Dawn Becker, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, as well as other members of our executive team that are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results, including guidance. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and the supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K, and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operation. Given the number of participants on the call, we kindly ask you to limit yourself to one question during the Q&A portion of our call. If you have additional questions, please requeue. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our second quarter results. Don?
Don Wood: Thanks Leah and good afternoon everybody. And special thanks to David Simon for finishing his call more or less on time this afternoon. All-time record-setting quarter for Federal Realty this time with $1.67 second quarter FFO per share result ahead of consensus, ahead of internal expectations, and ahead of last year's second quarter. By the way, last year's second quarter was helped by a large termination fee from Amazon as they exited their brick-and-mortar bookstores. Ex-termination fees, this quarter's bottom line FFO per share growth grew 5% despite significantly higher interest expense. That's a really strong quarter for us. Leasing velocity continues to be the highlight. We signed 107 comparable leases of 576,000 square feet at $35.34 a foot, 7% higher than the cash basis rent the previous tenant was paying in the final year of their lease, 19% on a straight-line basis. Demand was exceptional. When you include non-comparable leases, which, by the way, for us, largely relates to newly built out space on our redevelopment and development projects, along with our office leasing, we executed 135 leases in the second quarter for a very robust 652,000 square feet, representing $23 million of newly contracted annual rent. These are production numbers that lie well outside the averages over our very long history and we'll go a long way towards offsetting the loss at Bed Bath & Beyond and Christmas Tree Shop income stream in 2024, until they're re-leased and rent paying. In terms of Bed Bath, we lost 1 of our remaining nine Bed Bath leases during the quarter. That lease, a 25,000 square foot box at Mount Vernon Plaza in Northern Virginia, has been re-leased to Burlington at a 57% rent increase. Three more Bed Bath leases were rejected effective June 30 and July rent was received on the remaining five. Two of the remaining five were Buy Baby locations that were assumed by online Baby retailer Dream on Me, and we, therefore, expect to continue to receive rents in the future. The remaining three leases were rejected in the third quarter, and accordingly, we'll have a hit to occupancy of about 1% and lost rent of $2.5 million or so for the balance of 2023, all of which has been considered in our guidance. Deals are in the works for all of our Bed Bath locations and replacement rent will start to ramp up in late 2024. Both leased and physical occupancy continued to improve compared with the previous quarter and the previous year. 94.3% leased, a 92.8% physical occupancy at quarter end are up 10 and 20 basis points, respectively, compared with the first quarter and 20 and 80 basis points, respectively, year-over-year. Small shop occupancy gains, in particular, continued their trend during the quarter and increased 20 basis points on a lease basis and 40% on an occupied basis. That's a total increase in small shop occupancy of 310 basis points since Q1 2022. The quality of our small shop tenants and the discerning way that we choose them at our properties is where we create a ton of value. All small shop vacancy or tenancy rather is not created equal. I've noted in the past couple of quarters that leasing productivity and rate that have occurred at the properties we've acquired over the past several years has significantly exceeded our underwriting and that has continued. Similarly, leasing productivity at properties that have recently undergone redevelopment and/or property improvement plans have outperformed our expectations, and we expect that to continue, means that maybe we can be a bit too conservative at times. The roughly 3,100 apartments that make up an important part of the revenue stream at our mixed-use and other properties remain a real differentiating bright spot for our portfolio and continue to add to both cash flow and to value. In the aggregate, our residential portfolio was 98% leased at June 30, and provided 11% more property operating income this quarter than compared with the last year's second quarter. Resi is a super important component of our mixed-use neighborhoods as is the office component, which is also 98% leased outside Santana West and the Choice headquarters building, which is under construction. We did, by the way, deliver the newly built out office space to Choice Hotels this quarter and expect them to finish their work and occupy the building by year-end. Sodexo in the same building will follow right behind. I reported last quarter that inquiries and property tours have seen renewed life at Santana West, and that has certainly continued. Even the Northern California press is starting lower layoffs and dramatic new investment and hiring in areas like AI, electric vehicles and related technologies. Feels like Silicon Valley is stabilizing. So I look back and I think about what it is that we're doing, and I kind of tell you that some of the country's most productive and well-known mixed-use communities sitting just outside San Jose, Boston, Washington, D.C., and Miami seem to us, seem to me, be the right on the mark of the product that is and will remain in high demand as resilient consumers continue to prove that to be so. Let me turn it over to Dan before opening it up to your questions.
Dan G.: Thank you, Don, and hello, everyone. Reporting a company record FFO per share of $1.67 is very satisfying, particularly given the interest rate headwinds we faced and is a testament to the continued strength of our business model. To reiterate Don's earlier comment, we beat our previous record of FFO in the quarter last year by 5% when adjusting for the outsized term fees that we had last year and also posted 5% sequential growth versus the first quarter, again, a strong indicator of the health in our underlying business. With respect to this record performance, which significantly exceeded our expectations, we can point to the following drivers: higher property-level POI than was forecast driven by continued strength in rents, parking, specialty leasing and percentage rent, coupled with lower operating expenses as well, as a continued focus on cost controls at the corporate level resulting in lower G&A. This was offset by the aforementioned higher interest costs. As you can see, a very strong quarter. With respect to our comparable metric, POI growth was 4.6%, excluding the impacts of term fees in the prior period rent. On a cash basis, comparable POI growth, excluding term fees and prior period rent was even better, 4.7%. Term fees in the comparable pool this quarter were down significantly to $1.6 million versus $5.5 million in the second quarter of last year and prior period rent this quarter was $1.2 million versus $2.2 million in the second quarter of 2022. Again, please note, all of these figures are disclosed in detail in our supplemental 8-K on Pages 10 and 11. Year-over-year occupancy showed continued progress with our overall occupied metric growing 80 basis points year-over-year from 92 to 92.8 and our lease percentage increasing 20 bps from 94.1% to 94.3%. Small shop momentum continued year-over-year with a 90.2% rate being up 90 basis points over the previous year with a targeted lease rate for small shop of 92%. Our signed not occupied percentage in total stands at approximately 3% or $34 million, comprised of roughly $17 million of incremental total rent in our existing portfolio and an additional $17 million of total rent in our non-comparable pool, where leases are signed and the space is to be delivered. Our non-comparable signed non-occupied pool is an important differentiator of Federal's business plan, which is often overlooked. Total comparable leasing volume for the quarter of 576,000 square feet, a federal record for a second quarter and the second highest volume for a quarter ever on a comparable basis. The rollover at 7% on a cash basis and 19% on a straight-line basis highlights the straight-line growth that's driven by sector-leading contractual rent bumps, which for our entire portfolio averaged roughly 2.25% blended across both anchor and small shop. Now, to the balance sheet. At June 30, we stood with $1.3 billion of total available liquidity comprised of $1.2 billion available under our revolver and $100 million of cash. During the quarter, we successfully demonstrated access to the unsecured market at attractive levels with a $350 million, 5 3/8% green bond, our second green bond, highlighting our focus on sustainability and our commitment with respect to our overall ESG strategy. Make sure to check out our annual corporate responsibility report on our website that was published in early June. With respect to leverage, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio continues to improve each quarter, and we fully expect to be back to our targeted level in the mid-five times in 2024. Our in-process $750 million pipeline of active redevelopments and expansions has only $220 million remaining to spend against our $1.3 billion of available liquidity, with a large chunk of that remaining figure being leasing capital, which is good news when deployed. Now on to guidance. We are increasing our forecast for FFO per share for 2023 by $0.04 per share at the midpoint to $6.52 from a range of $6.38 to $6.58 per share to a new range of $6.46 to $6.58 per share. Guidance now reflects 2023 FFO growth over 2022 of about 2% to 4% or 3.2% at the midpoint. We have managed through bankruptcies to date in the retail sector extremely well, collecting more rent from Bed Bath than we had forecasted and having relatively small exposure to other retailer fold out. As the Bed Bath bankruptcy winds down, we expect it will result in a 31 basis point hit for the year versus our initial credit reserve of 25 to 60 basis points. With respect to the balance of our tenancy, we are setting that reserve at 50 to 75 basis points. We will see a dip in occupancy next quarter as the impact of our lost Bed Bath locations and one Christmas Tree Shops become fully reflected but expect to finish the year back in the low to mid-92% range. Also keep that impact in mind for the cadence of FFO per share for the balance of the year, with third quarter forecasted at $1.61 at its midpoint and the fourth quarter at $1.65 at its midpoint. From a comparable growth perspective, given a solid first half of the year, we are affirming the 2% to 4% range for comparable POI growth, as well as our 3% to 5% range on a cash basis adjusting for prior period rents and term fees. Given our focus on cost controls, we lowered our G&A forecast from $54 million to $52 million -- $52.5 million at the midpoint, and we increased our forecast for contributions from redevelopments and expansions to $16 million to $19 million, up from the previous range of $15 million to $18 million. We have provided an updated summary of these key assumptions on our guidance on Page 27 of our 8-K. Before I close my prepared remarks, allow me to highlight that for the 56th consecutive year, Federal's Board of Directors increased our dividend, a REIT industry record. As the sole dividend king in the real estate sector, we are extremely gratified to have stayed the course through yet another challenging economic cycle and continued providing our shareholders with comfort in reliably growing stream of cash flow. Please note that the CAGR over these 56 years is 7% compounded. And now I'm finished with my prepared remarks, and let me turn it back to Don Wood for the completion of his remarks.
Don Wood : Thanks, Dan. As I listen to Dan's conversation and comments there, I thought one more point that I really I wanted to make. There's so much conversation about the supermarket part of our business and part of the industry and how good that is, but I want you to know about our mixed-use communities. I spoke about the overall outsized performance of the four -- big four mixed-use communities last quarter, but it bears repeating as its strength continued and helped drive the results in the second quarter. Taken together, Assembly Row, Bethesda Row, Pike & Rose and Santana Row are a real company differentiator for Federal, as you know, and more in demand than ever before, with retail leased occupancy at 98% and tenant sales well above 2019 levels. These properties are humming with estimated foot traffic in excess of 30 million shoppers in the trailing 12 months. That's a big number. And it comes from the database of place for AI, which we think is well understated. In our estimation, this is the product in the market that consumers in a post-COVID world want the most. So despite the well-publicized bankruptcies of companies like Bed Bath and Christmas Tree Shops and the effects of higher interest rates on our business, I'm feeling pretty darn good about the way this year is playing out, and that's been the basis for which we could increase guidance by as much as we did this quarter. Let's now turn it over and open it up to your questions.
Q - Alexander Goldfarb : Hey, good afternoon and thank you, Don, for moving the call to avoid the overlap. So appreciate it.
Don Wood : Youre welcome, Alex.
Alexander Goldfarb : So a question, I guess, on the mixed use. You guys had a recent -- there was an article on you guys with Federal Plaza West, which I guess is not too far from Pike & Rose that you got approval for some residential addition. So, maybe a bit more color on this. I don't think you're anticipating on doing another Pike & Rose mega redevelopment, but maybe your thoughts on the apartments here. And then in general, are you feeling better about sort of ramping back up, adding more apartments across your shopping center portfolio, or is your view from a capital perspective that you'll do maybe a few of these at a time, but you're not planning to roll out multiple projects just given, again, cost of capital?
Don Wood : Thanks, Alex. First of all, I'm really impressed that you're reading Montgomery County, Maryland press releases and get into the detail of what's going on at Federal. It's pretty cool. Yes, we did get full entitlements for apartments at Federal Plaza. And I think I've talked for quite some time about using a downtime to get our development team and keep our development team working on entitlements that can be put to work as the economy changes. And I know a lot of people talk about residential. Resi is a really important part for us, and it's not just resi at the mixed-use properties, which is also obviously an important part of what we do. We, right now, not only have just gotten federal Plaza entitlements, but there's 500 units that are shovel ready that we could do today, and we're really looking hard at the capital allocation and the numbers to see how much -- what we really need to get done there and what we can underwrite at Santana Row and at Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania. In addition to that, there's another dozen properties, another 3,000 units, so like 3,500 units for which we are actively working on entitlements at our shopping centers. These are places, you wouldn't necessarily think about them particularly, like Friendship Heights, like the Avenue side of Baltimore, like Hoboken in New Jersey, Panam shopping center, a bunch of them. And when you think about us, we've done this stuff before. We've been doing it for 20 years. So look at the back of Congressional Plaza, Housing [ph], Chelsea Shopping Center, previously at Bala. We do a lot of this stuff and we try to do it with our own capital when the numbers make sense so that it moves the needle. Doing stuff with the capital that we could put to work and get it -- get an above-average return will move the needle for Federal. And it's one of the key differentiators given our experience that we look at and will look at over the next 5 and 6 years. Some of those projects don't pencil today. No surprise to anybody. So what? Get the entitlements. Increase the value of the land. Be ready to put money to work when it makes sense. That's a key part of our growth.
Operator: The next question comes from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Just curious if -- as you think about getting bigger and looking for new opportunities, which you've talked about in the past, just how you're thinking about funding. Would you consider any joint venture of any of the big 4 properties that help differentiate -- or how are you thinking about kind of the push and pull of growing that -- funding that?
A  Donald Wood: Juan, it's a great question. And let's talk holistically about how we fund the company and where we move forward. I think one of the big differentiators of this company is that we have a ton of equity effectively tied up, if you will, in the big 4. I've talked about it in the past and today is not the right day to -- taking a joint venture partner on Assembly or on Santana, but those markets will open up, and we want to be ready to be able to do that. I do think that when you think about the long-term plan of Federal, that harvesting, if you will, some of the great work that we've done, I'm sitting here right now at Assembly Row, this is where we had our Board meeting today and looking out this window, and we're real proud of what we created here. And it's a ton of value. So yes, on the -- over the medium term, that is a critical source of funding and one that is, I believe, will trade. We'll show it when we show it when we can do that, at well under what history common stock would effectively be at because I don't think we're getting paid for the value that we did here. So, that's a critically important part. In addition, when you talk about the nearer term funding plan, Dan can talk about, you know that the capital markets are open to us and have been open to us even in the worst of times. So, the notion of using all of the arrows in our quiver over the next year or so is what you should expect as we normally would run the company. But longer term, there's a special lower cost of capital tied up in this company that's going to really help us grow over the medium term.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Goldsmith of UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon, good evening. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. Questions on Santana Row and more specifically, Santana West. What's the latest and greatest the leasing conversations that you're having there? And as you talk to tenants, are they thinking through return to office and how return to office looks at a mixed-use center versus a traditional office setting? And is that part of the conversations there? And is that driving momentum? How the kind of return to office kind of continues to amplify? Thanks.
Don Wood: Yes, Michael, it's a great question. Let me give you a little bit here and then have Jeff or Jan to expand to the extent there's something else to say. The important thing to understand here, I do believe there is a stabilization happening in the Valley. And I think if you lived out there or saw the press and everything out there, you'd say, maybe we are getting some sort of a period of time where things can start happening. We are in some earnest and, frankly, advanced negotiations with tenants for space right now that are looking at our space simply because of where it is at Santana Row, simply because that is a brand-new product that is fully amenitized. And look, I've been snake-bitten a couple of times before, so I'm certainly careful about this. But I'm pretty confident that we'll have some leasing success in the relatively near future. I hope I'm right. If I'm not, you can say I was wrong. But it feels palpably different in the Valley than it has over the last year or two. And I know that from a product standpoint, this is the stuff that -- I mean, we're getting the views because of the type of product that we have because of the fully amenitized mixed-use environment. This is where it's at.
Jan Sweetnam: I think the only thing I would add, Michael -- this is Jan -- is that we're seeing more than our fair share of looks right now in the marketplace, the very reason that Don laid out. Everyone we're talking to wants to have the carrot [ph] to bring their people back in the office, where they want to go to work. Those are the types of tenants we're talking to right now, and it's been real positive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg McGinniss of Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hey good evening. Just hoping you could touch on what you're seeing in terms of acquisition opportunities within the market today, whether you're starting to see a narrowing of bid/ask spreads and where there's properties out there of the quality that you're looking to acquire?
Jeff Berkes: Hey Greg, it's Jeff. Yes, the market is starting to pick up a little bit. There's been a handful of trades or maybe slightly less than a handful of trades in our West Coast markets at cap rates to start with a five. There's probably another couple of handfuls of deals in the marketing process on both the East and West Coast where we would look to buy and the expectations there are sub six. So we're starting to see more stuff come to the market and the bid ask spreads start to narrow. As you know, we have a very active team. We're always in the market. We're always trying to force stuff before it gets into an auction process, And we're looking at a lot of stuff, but we're selective too and don't really have anything to talk about at this point. But definitely out there are definitely looking and starting to see more activity. So hopefully, we'll have something good to report in coming quarters in that regard.
Greg McGinniss: Thanks, Jeff. And if I could just follow up on Santana West on a more modeling based question. But when you have to stop capitalizing interest on that property, is there going to be any sort of disconnect between when a tenant is moving in and the interest that's being capitalized there?
Dan G.: Yeah. We fully expect to be able to capitalize based on our build-out plan for the floor by floor and the timing and so forth through of 2024, and we expect to replace the -- we expect to have income starting as we bring that capitalized interest down. And so we don't expect the disconnect at the moment, but we'll know more as we get leases signed and as we continue to build out and see on the success of the multi-tenant approach that we've had in the building.
Operator: The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Ravi Vaidya: This is Ravi Vaidya on the line for Haendel St. Juste. Hope you guys are doing well. Just one question here. Can you comment on your watch list? What would you estimate it to be on an ABR basis? And what would you estimate the embedded mark-to-market would be on that subset?
Dan G.: Look, we've done very well with regards to the watch list so far. I mean I think that with the exception of Bed Bath, we've had very little exposure to the failing retailers that we've had to date. I think that just generally those that are on our people's radar, whether they be Joanne or At Home or other names like that, we have very limited exposure there. I think, Wendy, I don't know if there's other comments.
Wendy Seher: Yeah. I mean we're constantly reevaluating the list, and it's not just the watch list, but it's who's going up in size, who's going down in size and how are we managing what that means to us in the long term. If you look at what bankruptcies, I'm feeling pretty good about what I see on our watch list. If you look at the bankruptcies we've had, David's Bridal. Both of our leases were assumed. Party City, we have short-term leases with them, and we have one lease out for signature to backfill. The one location and the second location has two letters of intent on it. And Tuesday Morning, we had three locations with them. Two of them already signed leases and one is in lease documentation we executed this quarter. So, feeling pretty strong.
Operator: The next question comes from Samir Khanal of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Samir Khanal: Hey, Dan, I guess, similar to the last question, just on sort of the watch list. I know you've put in this sort of a general reserve, I think you said about, if I recall, it's 50 to 75 bps. I'm just trying to -- knowing that it's sort of August here. And is that you just being a little bit conservative, or do you expect some fallout into the back half of the year? I just want to make sure I'm not missing anything. Any hints or any comments you can provide into maybe even next year, right? I mean where do you think that general reserve would be? Do you think it will be higher or lower, similar to this year? Thanks.
Dan G.: Yes. Look, kind of the first half of the year outside of Bed Bath & Beyond, we had about 50 basis points of credit reserve impact. I think we -- as I stated, we're going to end up with or expect to end up with on Bed Bath about 31 basis points for the full year. Okay. And then with regards to the second half of the year, the 50 to 75 basis points, there may be some conservatism in there. But right now, we're probably -- we initially came out with 100 to 130 basis points at the start of the year. It's probably more in the 80 to 100 basis points. So we've made some real progress there. And so hopefully, we'll do better than that 50 to 75.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Mailman of Citi. Please go ahead.
Craig Mailman: Dan, I just want to kind of go through -- there's a $0.06 essentially sequential dip, which I think is about $4.9 million from 2Q FFO to 3Q FFO. I know you already kind of called out the $2.5 million from three Bed Bath rejections. Could you just kind of bridge the balance of the sequential decline for us?
Dan G.: Yes. A big hit there is going to be the interest expense. We refinanced a bond in the second quarter, repaid them effectively on June 1, so we're going to see the full quarter there. Plus, the Fed continues to raise rates, and so we do have a little bit of exposure on the floating rate side. And that's probably the lion's share in addition to the Bed Bath impact in 3Q.
Operator: The next question comes from Lizzie Dougan [ph] of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, everyone. Thanks for having me on. So you did comment on leasing productivity and that's continued to outperform expectations. Can you talk about the spreads achieved on the leases executed this quarter? It just looks like that moderated, particularly on renewals. Just want to get some more color on what tenants are still willing to take and kind of comment on the outlook for the trend on spreads going forward?
Don Wood: Liz, it's -- I hear you. I really still believe very much that looking at a 7% spread on a re-leasing spread with the type of bumps that we have inherent in our lease, it's really the equivalent of 16% of a company with inherent bumps 100 basis points less than ours. And I think that's a really important thing that we've been talking about over the last few quarters. So when you see seven and you compare that to somebody else who doesn't have the contractual bumps of 11 or 12, we still have better economics. And I don't think that's understood all that well. I don't think it's a deceleration. It's simply a matter of the mix in the particular quarter. So I don't think you should draw any trend lines associated with that. I've got to tell you, ma'am, when you -- I think something like -- I'm making up a number here. I'm not sure I get this right. But it's like three out of four of our leases have very -- have 3% or better bumps in them. And that includes anchors. And that is a big number. And I don't think anybody else could say that. I don't know because nobody discloses it. I get it. But when you look at 7% bumps here, let me tell you, the economics of that are significantly better because of those bumps.
Operator: The next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of Truist. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Good evening. Your equity issuance guidance is lowered. I was just curious how much impact that made to your overall FFO guidance. And from a realistic standpoint is issuing $100 million very realistic just given where your stock price is? And when you talked about some of the acquisition opportunities at sub-6 potentially, I guess, how is that more attractive than maybe buying back your stock, which is trading at mid to higher 6s? And I realize that's only one spec you want to know how you make decisions, but just curious overall.
Dan G. : No, very good question, very good question. Look, with regards to the equity, that's just an assumption that we layer in for our guidance. It doesn't make a huge difference between the $200 million that we -- I think we had previously. So I wouldn't read too much into that. I think that it's just a number that is in there for an assumption to get to that midpoint of 652 [ph] and the range that we have. And with respect to buying back stock, I mean, look, I don't think it's a particularly attractive use of our capital today. given we've got potentially -- we want to preserve our dry powder for better opportunities currently and think that we'll focus on acquisitions and redevelopments given where we're currently trading.
Don Wood : And Ki Bin, I guess just one more. You certainly hear lots of companies that say, they're going to buy back stock and share repurchases are great and all. But I got to tell you, unless you're doing it in size to really change the capitalization of the company and effectively have a broader notion of that, doesn't move the needle. ,So the idea of -- unless it's deeply, deeply discounted and stays deeply, deeply discounted for a long period of time. And so kind of what we see on the horizon here and the opportunities that we'd like to put money to work on driving up leverage by buying back stock doesn't make sense for us in the long-term even if it does provide a little bump, but again, how much in the short-term.
Dan G. : And to the extent we don't like where our stock is trading, we've got a pool of assets that we'll opportunistically look to sell in the market and try and obtain more attractive pricing than where our stock is trading. So we've got multiple arrows in the quiver to fund the business going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dori Kesten of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Dori Kesten: Thanks. Good evening. What refinancing options are you considering for your 2024 maturities? And then where is that pricing today?
Dan G.: With regards to the $600 million that we have coming due in January, look, we're in the market assessing it. It's not particularly opportunistic today. We raised $350 million back in April. I think we feel pretty good about that at 5 3/8% coupon for $350 million. Look, we've got access to the market. I think today, it would be in the upper 5s if we were to access the market today. We don't particularly find that attractive, but we've got time. And so we've got multiple arrows in the quiver there as well in options, and we'll look to be opportunistic. So who knows where we'll be over the next several months, but we'll get it done.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mueller of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Mike Mueller: Yeah, hi. Just a quick follow-up on the ramp-up discussion. What's the average portfolio escalator for the overall portfolio? And then if you look at first half of the year leasing, how did the bump on those leases compared to the overall portfolio?
Dan G.: Yes. Blended, it's in and around roughly 2.25 across the entire portfolio, anchors and small shop. And this quarter was in line with that, maybe a little bit shy. And that's retail only. Obviously, to the extent that we have other commercial leases, they tend to be higher and they tend to have annual bumps that drives that blended spread up.
Don Wood: And by the way, Mike, congratulations to those Oreos cap [ph]. They look fantastic.
Operator: The next question comes from Floris van Dijkum of Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Floris van Dijkum: Hey guys, thanks. By the way, I ran into Mike at one of your competitor centers the other night and he was wearing his Oreos cap. So he's not afraid to flaunt his success this year. Michael, look, I think you guys are one of two shopping center companies that have raised your guidance where the midpoint is above consensus if I'm not mistaken. So again, that should be pretty positive. There are some -- obviously, financing is going to be potentially an issue that everybody has to deal with at higher rates. I was actually encouraged by the green bonds. One of the things -- and I'd love to get some more detail on this, because I think this is sort of a virtuous cycle, if you will, because I think part of the -- maybe talk about the rate differential of those green bonds relative to regular bonds, probably not as much today, but also talk about what you need to do to qualify for that. And what kind of return on investments and lasting power that we'll have on the overall portfolio in terms of energy efficiency, et cetera, and water usage?
Dan G.: Just with regards to pricing, look, we don't do it for the incremental pricing. You could say that there's probably incremental demand. And what that means for pricing with the bonds and so forth, I think, is difficult to quantify in today's market. We do it because, honestly, we like to highlight the fact that when we develop in our mixed-use communities, we develop at LEED Gold or better. We've got a LEED Gold-certified neighborhood designation at Pike & Rose, which is one of only a dozen, I think, in the country. ESG is an important part. I think Don Becker should maybe kind of highlight what we -- some of the more specifics. But look, we do the green bond because I think it kind of showcases what we do, but it also expands just the universe of potential investors who will look at the bonds. And if it gives us better pricing, that's great, but it just -- it enhances execution. And I think that's the most important thing.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi. The comparable signed but not occupied pipeline of, I think, $34 million and the noncomp of $17 million, what's that cadence of the about $50 million coming online?
Dan G. : Well, it's not $50 million. It's $34 million. I mean the total is $34 million, and there's $17 million in the existing portfolio. And there's $17 million in the non-comparable portfolio, space to be delivered. That will come online about 45% or $15 million is scheduled to commence the balance of this year. And then the remainder of $19 million, the lion's share of that, almost all of it will come on in 2024. And it's a little bit more weighted in the fourth quarter than it is in the third quarter this year.
Operator: Next question comes from Paulina Rojas of Green Street. Please go ahead.
Paulina Rojas: Hello. I'm looking at your disclosure on capital expenditures, and we see moving topics is relative c versus last year and also other prior years. Can you provide some background on what is driving that lower rate than CapEx?
Dan G.: The lower CapEx that you're seeing this quarter?
Paulina Rojas: Yeah, specifically maintenance that I think you're at 8.7 million year-to-date versus, I don't know, 14 million, 15 million last year. It's down significantly.
Don Wood: Yes, Paulina. We are having a hard time hearing you. I don't know whether it's the connection or not. We're going to try to answer this, I guess, on the capital. If we're not giving you what you want, please give us a call directly. Call Dan or Melissa after this, and we'll get you specifically what you want. But we're going to take a shot, I guess where we're going.
Dan G.: The numbers that you're referring to, I'm not quite sure. So we'll follow up to you after the call to kind of follow up on this. One thing to notice, yes, capital is down in the quarter. And I think that we feel good about that. And -- but we can't answer your specific question. We'll follow up this evening.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Leah Brady for any closing remarks..
Leah Brady: Thanks for joining us tonight. I hope you have a great rest of the summer. I look forward to seeing you soon. .
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Leah Brady. Please go ahead.
Leah Brady: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G., Jeff Berkes, Wendy Seher, Jan Sweetnam and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results, including guidance. Although Federal Realty believes these expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued this afternoon, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. [Operator Instructions] And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our first quarter results. Don?
Donald Wood: Thanks, Leah, and good afternoon, everybody. Strong start to 2023 here with $1.59 first quarter FFO per share results, ahead of both consensus and internal expectations and 6% growth over last year's first quarter. Also happens to be the best first quarter result we've ever posted. Here's the best part. We signed 101 comparable leases for more than 0.5 million square feet at $34.72 a foot, 11% higher than the cash basis rent the previous tenant was paying in the final year of their lease, 24% on a straight-line basis. Demand was exceptional with momentum encouragingly strong at the end of the quarter, late March. As you know, I've been expecting the inevitable tail off of leasing activity for months and months now as the portfolio leases up. These activity levels exceed historical levels by 20% to 30%, we just plainly haven't seen that tail off yet. The retail demand for the product that we offer is in lockstep with what today's consumers and retailers demand in these affluent first-ring suburbs of major metropolitan areas. One of the larger drivers of that leasing performance this quarter was the signing of four grocery deals, three new deals and renewals. The renewal was implied in the Boston suburb with Star Market and Albertsons brands. The new deals included Giant Food replacing Shoppers Food Warehouse, Karin Plaza and Cyber Baltimore, a grocer that I'm not allowed to announce yet replacing Michaels at Fresh Meadows and Queens and Aldi replacing Barnes & Noble on Long Island. Together, these four deals turned $3.3 million in base rent or $17.81 a foot to $4.4 million in base rent or $23.40 per point. Strong rents and rent growth in proven productive centers in Northeast densely populated suburbs. The timing of them all getting done in the first quarter bodes well for the future. The Bed Bath bankruptcy filing news will not exactly welcome, was inevitable and frankly, better than the band data is being write-off so that we can get on with creating incremental value in our shopping centers. There are many more productive retailers than this one that should be serving our customers. Deals are in the works for all of our Bed Bath boxes and replacement rent should start to ramp up in late 2024. With average Bed Bath base rent at $15 a foot, rest assured that Federal's portfolio will be more valuable, not less once these locations are retained. Dan will provide more detail on what we've assumed in our numbers. The natural lease expiration of a large-format Bed Bath & Beyond store at Wynwood Shopping Center in suburban Philly closed in January as expected and was the primary cause of a modest 20 basis point drop in occupancy in the quarter. That closure, along with a Tuesday morning in suburban Boston, it also closed when the lease expired in January, fairly overshadowed the many store openings elsewhere throughout the portfolio. Meanwhile, small shop occupancy gains continued on a quarter and increased 50 basis points. That's a total increase in small shop occupancy of 270 basis points since Q1 2022. The quality of our shop tenants and the discerning way that we choose them at our properties is where we create a ton of value. All small shop tenancy is not [indiscernible] And as much as I love the grocery deals I mentioned earlier, it's the retail side of the big four mixed-use communities that I find most impressive. Taken together, Assembly Row, Bathesda Row, Pike & Rose and Santana Row are a real company differentiator for Federal and more in demand than ever before, with retail leased occupancy at 98% and tenant sales well above 2019 levels. These properties are with estimated foot traffic in excess of 28 million shoppers in the trailing 12 months. That's a big number and comes from the database of Placer AI. Roughly two thirds of tenants report sales of big 4, so the numbers are representatives. Overall sales per foot totaled $700 with total food and beverage sales per foot in excess of $1,000. In our estimation, this is the product and the markets that consumers in a post-COVID world want the most. I know you've heard me say it many, many times before, but fair to repeat it. Demographics made, especially in times of economic pressure and especially now at the $5.5 trillion of government stimulus that propped up the economy during the papers is waning. Past cycles have convinced us that families simply have to have money to spend for retail real estate cash flow to grow. 68,000 households with average annual household income of $150,000 sit within three miles of Federal Realty centers. That's $10.2 billion of family income generated within a three-mile route-mile radius and more than half of those people have a four-year colleagues agree or better. I know no other significantly sized retail portfolio back in same. With the late quarter on the transaction flow, where we sold a small grocery-anchored shopping center in the quarter for $13 million, center located in very suburban Newberg in Pennsylvania as one of the latest 3-mile population demos in our portfolio with an obvious candidate for sale. More interesting was our acquisition of the fee interest and the anchor tenant leases at Huntington Square Shopping Center on Long Island from Seritage Realty Trust for $35.5 million. Back in 2010, we had purchased a leasehold interest in the shop tenants with the hopes of someday finding a way to consolidate the anchors and the fee. With this first quarter transaction, we now fully control this 18-acre parcel in affluent East North Fort Long Island. And as I mentioned earlier, we just replaced Barnes & Noble with an Aldi grocery store you're creating another grocery-anchored property in the portfolio. With a $5 million-plus annual income stream on our $56 million all in investment, we've created a much more valuable property with an unlevered IRR in the low teens and arguably $20 million plus of immediate incremental value. You might have also noticed that after the quarter's end, we refinanced our $275 million in bonds coming due June 1, with a new five-year $350 million green bond at 5.375%. The offering was significantly oversubscribed with demand helped by our lead gold or better investments. Next up will be the financing or refinancing of our $600 million bonds coming due next year. we would expect to be opportunistically in the market at 400 points in the second half of this year. For an additional source of growth in 2021 and beyond, you only need to look at $600 million plus of construction and process on the quarter-end balance sheet to identify a large source of future income and capital already invested, Much of it lease is not yet reflected in the results. What was reflected in the quarterly results was a $10 million property operating income contribution from the latest completed phases of some of our mixed-use operating properties, namely Assembly Row Phase III, 009 Roads at Pike & Rose and a full quarter, a stabilized cocoa wall, which contributed. And finally, our floor-by-floor buildout at Santana West seems to be attracting more interest in the marketplace as inquiries and property tours have seen renewed life in the last 30 to 60 days. Tech sector in Silicon Valley is far from settled, but the increased activity is certainly well. We continue to see our fully amenitized office space on our mixed-use communities to be the product of choice in their respective markets. Okay. That's about it for my prepared remarks this morning, and I'll turn it over to Dan before opening it up to your questions.
Daniel Guglielmone: Thank you, Don, and hello, everyone. Our $1.59 per share of reported FFO was a first quarter record for Federal and probably above our expectations and last year's $1.50 results, representing a 6% annual increase. That our performance again was broad-based as all facets of our business continue to contribute. Specific drivers, which deserve mentioned, overage percentage rent continues to outpace expectations as [indiscernible] sales demonstrate strength and resiliency. Parking revenues also saw gains above forecast as customer traffic at our large mixed-use assets continues to drive higher. Small shop occupancy again showed gains and we saw lower expenses both at the property and corporate level. This was offset modestly by higher collectibility impact or bad debt expense was forecast. Our GAAP-based comparable POI growth metric was 3.6%, coming in at the upper end of the range of our 2% to 4% initial guidance. On a cash basis, comparable excluding prior period rent term fees is 5.2%. Cash basis comparable minimum rent grew by 4%. Term fees in the comparable pool this quarter were essentially flat to first quarter 2022 and $1.4 million in each period. Prior period rent this quarter was $1.3 million versus $2.4 million in the first quarter last year. Please note that we have added all of these figures to Pages 10 and 11 of our 8-K supplemental disclosure. You're welcome, Steve. Year-over-year occupancy results were also solid with our overall occupied metric growing 140 basis points year-over-year from 91.2% to 92.6% and our lease percentage increasing 50 basis points from 93.7% to 94.2%. Sequentially, we took a small anticipated step backward given 1Q seasonality and two known anchor partners in January at lease expiration, which were reflected in our guidance. Our signed not occupied spread in the existing portfolio stands at 160 basis points as we continue to show progress in getting tenants open and rent paying. This spread represents roughly $18 million of incremental total rent. Our sign not occupied in our non-comparable pool stands at $18 million as well for the total rent, bringing total signs non-occupied to $36 million. This effectively brings our SNO percentage to a total of 3%. These executed leases will continue to drive bottom line results over the next two years, with roughly 65% coming online over the remainder of 23% and the balance primarily in 2024. When you include new lease deals in our pipeline for currently unoccupied space, this increases the SNO figure even higher. Rollover for the quarter was 11% on a cash basis and 24% on a straight-line basis, the second consecutive quarter to have the cash number in double digits and a straight line number up into the low to mid-20s. I highlight the straight line number as it reflects sector-leading contractual annual rent increases -- embedded rent increases embedded in our leases, both anchor and small shop blended at roughly 2.25% across the portfolio. Year-to-date, small shop rent bumps have averaged about 3%. Now to the balance sheet. We ended the first quarter with $1.3 billion of total available liquidity at quarter end, comprised of $1.2 billion available under our revolver and $100 million of cash. As many of you saw, we successfully accessed the unsecured market subsequent to quarter end with $350 million, of five and three bond, and as a result, no maturities until early '24. Also, keep in mind that for our term loan, whose initial maturity is also in 2024, we have two 1-year extensions at our option, taking the maturity into 2026. With respect to our leverage metrics, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is roughly 6x as noted, and we fully expect to be back to our targeted level in the mid-5x in 2024. Additionally, we are targeting free cash flow after dividends and maintenance capital to return to pre-COVID levels by next year. Our in-process pipeline of active redevelopments and expansions now stands at $740 million, with only $250 million remaining to spend against our $1.3 billion of available liquidity. Now on to guidance. With initial guidance to start the year showing FFO growth of 2.5% at the midpoint and 4% at the top of the range. and a solid first quarter under our belts, we are affirming guidance for 2023 at $6.38 to $6.58 per share. While we continue to see strength and resiliency in our business, with three quarters left for the year, it is rare that we would modify guidance at this point in the year. For the first time in almost two years, we are seeing tenant bankruptcies in retail. As selective businesses struggled to compete in a challenging economic environment of higher interest rates and diminished government subsidies [indiscernible] Despite the bankruptcies to date where [indiscernible] very manageable exposure, we still feel comfortable with our initial 100 to 135 basis points of total credit reserve comprised of roughly a 75 basis point general reserve and a 25 basis points to 60 basis points of specified Bed Bath reserve. Now given where we started May and the expected range of outcomes, this Bed Bath reserve has now been reduced to 20 basis points to 45 basis points given the cash rents we've already received on eight of our nine anchor boxes that have not yet been projected, including May rent. That range will depend on the timing of the bankruptcy process and which leases are affirmed and/or assumed, if any. From a comparable growth perspective, given a solid first quarter metric, we are affirming the 2% to 4% range for comparable POI growth as well as our 3% to 5% range on a cash basis adjusting for prior period rents and terms. Page 27 in our 8-K provides an updated summary of the key assumptions for ours. Now in addition to the expanded disclosure on term fees and prior period rent that I previously highlighted, we'll also notice several other additions to our 8-K relating to revenues, comparable POI growth, debt, occupancy and leasing metrics, demonstrating our commitment to continuing to expand our disclosure to provide the information we believe is most relevant for investors to analyze our business effectively and efficiently. And with that, operator, you can open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Just curious on the renewals, those popped up in the fourth quarter, if you look relative to the trailing 12, you also had lower TIs. Is that a mix? Or is that kind of a new normal? I know you mentioned some anchor leasing. Just curious if you can comment on that.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. It was essentially a mix with regards just what not done during the quarter. One of them was the grocer renewal that we had up but also just a broader mix. And obviously, the TIs, again, a mix of the leases that got done.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt: I kind of wanted to talk about mixed-use and added resi. I noticed on your future development opportunity page, you've gone from six mixed-use projects that could add residential, now, we have 14. What I'm wondering is, I've heard you say that one third of your properties or mixed-use now, where do you think you might be in five years' time? And the second is, will mixed-use assets grow faster in their rents than strictly retail ones? And what are retailers telling you about mixed-use? And what are the resi people telling you about mixed-use?
Donald Wood: Boy Craig, that's pretty funny. I love how we limited it to one question. You have a whole white paper in that question there. You are the best. So a couple...
Craig Schmidt: I apologize upfront.
Donald Wood: Not at all. Don't apologies at all. I'm just having just a little fun. Listen, the -- what you see in the 8-K is a continuation of what we believe, and that is the ability wherever we can to maximize the use of the real estate that we own, especially when we're talking about successful retail shopping centers with -- and you know ours are on bigger pieces of plant. And so the ability to add other uses is something that it's just part of our DNA and something we'd like to be able to do. Now I don't -- I would not -- you should not expect us to be running and putting shovels into the ground over the next nine months, 12 months at those projects because the economics don't make any sense today. I do expect them to make some sense in the future, and that's what that is supposed to convey. Now with respect to the overall mixed-use properties, the -- what we have clearly found, clearly found is that the demand for lots of uses in both office and retail and resi and hotel frankly at a really well-done mixed-use property is a real differentiator. It's where people want to be. It's why in the comments I made -- I'm talking about traffic counts that are really enormous. These are a lot of -- there's a lot of visits there, a lot of sales. They also seem to have the ability to raise their prices in places like that more than that more value-oriented properties. And I guess you would expect that Apple in areas, the Lulu Lemons of the world, et cetera, they can raise prices. And as a result, we see the ability to charge higher rents there. Now if we did that right on the ground floor, then we should also see outsized returns, both in the form of occupancy and the rates that we're getting upstairs in the other users. That's been our experience, frankly, since COVID, I think it's even stronger than it was before COVID.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: Yes. Don or maybe Wendy, just on the leasing side, I mean, I know this strength has probably surprised you, Don, things have remained healthy. Consumer spending has held up. I'm just wondering what you guys are hearing from tenants. And you mentioned maybe bankruptcies picking up. I'm just wondering how you feel about the 75 basis point general reserve and might you not use all of that as you sit here today just as you survey the landscape.
Wendy Seher: Steve, let me just kind of add some color first before Dan talked about the numbers. But you're right, we're seeing great demand on the retail leasing side, specifically in the small shops. We have not seen a decline of anything considerable as it relates to people's ability to fund projects and make decisions. They're making decisions for the long term, and they're understanding that with these recession discussions that these headwinds that we're facing, the decisions that they're making are critical to their livelihood, especially for the mom-and-pop. So there's a flight to quality that continues to happen in our portfolio. So I'm feeling very bullish about what I see in our pipeline. Again, I honestly, I was expecting it to level off a little bit, and it has not. It is as robust as ever. So I'm very encouraged.
Donald Wood: And I guess, Steve, I would only add to that. Yes, there might be some room in the 75 basis points. But I read the same things in the newspapers that you do, and its May 05 or May 04 or whatever day it is. By the way, Steve, my 25th anniversary at least, happy anniversary Don, right? It makes me laugh though because the power of the small shop tenants. And that Wendy mentioned is something I really want to make sure that you understand a little bit, we don't do kind of first-time mom and pops. We don't have those type of businesses here. They are almost always adding a store or adding a food use from a place that -- from strong cash flow at another location, whereby they're expanding into the third or the fourth or the fifth. There is that flight to quality. That's a critical component. So if this is anything like whatever happens this year or next year is anything like prior recessions, this is one of the strongest parts of our portfolio and the place that the differentiates us.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank.
Greg McGinniss: Happy 25th Don -- to celebrate let's talk about office demand. Can you just talk a little bit more about the interest you're seeing in Santana West this feels like serious increase? Is it all tech whole building or by floor? And so any additional color is helpful there. And then we'd also appreciate updated info on 919 lease-up and initial rent contribution expectations.
Jeffrey Berkes: Sure. Yes. Greg, this is Jeff. Let me start off on the West Coast, obviously, Don can jump in on the second part of your question. So the business decision we made late last year to allow the building to be leased by four by four and to start building out the building. So we were a great alternative to the sublease space that's coming on the market that I'm sure you've heard about is working out for us. That combined, I think, with a little bit more of a settling at least in the, call it, mid-sized tent market as what they're going to need in the way of the office space as cause tours to tick up, and we have paper going back and forth with a couple of tenants. So they're not full building tenants, but they are multi-floor tenants and I don't know whether we'll get any of them not, of course, at this point, but there is activity and I would call the activity very good. And really happy when we made the decision that we made to start building out more four-by-four.
Donald Wood: Yes. And Greg, just to say the obvious, that is a difference. That is a difference in feeling. I don't think we could have said that. In fact, we didn't say it on the February call or maybe last November. So really happy about that decision at this point, too. Hopefully, it bears fruit. Time will tell. And with respect to 919, 919 it's really -- it's really interesting. 915, we haven't done 919 yet. On 915, we turned the building over the floors over to choice. Then they are building out their space. We will have a contribution from them next -- starting next year.
Daniel Guglielmone: End of the year.
Donald Wood: End of this year.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes.
Donald Wood: Sodexo also, which, as you know, signed the lease, we're almost ready to turn the space over to them. That is going really well. And then -- so then -- so that's the 60-some-odd percent of the building that is completely leased. We have serious back and forth on a number of tenants for most of the rest of the building at this point. So it's pretty interesting at a time when, as you know, there can't be a dirtier word than office in the country is it possible that a subcomponent of all of us is actually undersupplied. And that's a component would that be mixed-use properties where you have a new building in a first ring suburb, which is obviously all we have. So I'm pretty encouraged by what we're seeing here at Road is certainly the same up at Assembly Row. And with new activity at Santana West, I hope we have something tell to you.
Operator: The next question comes from Connor Mitchell with Piper Sandler.
Connor Mitchell: So now that you've entered Hoboken Phoenix, and I know you've mentioned you're not rushing to start digging any time soon. But as you deploy more capital, do you see more urban infill or population growth areas and maybe just how you think about the two different market types.
Donald Wood: Yes, Conor. It's it certainly wouldn't be areas with big population growth. The problem with big population growth means that there's usually room for a lot more supply to be added. And we want to be in supply-constrained areas. Nothing more supply constrained than Washington Street in Hoboken, and love the investment that we've made there. We're just getting into on the one redevelopment there, whether we can effectively make the numbers work. I'm very encouraged by that fact. I would not, again, expect to see us under construction in the next month or two or something like that. But that project is going to very likely make some sense. To the extent we can find more have it makes sense in markets where we already are like that. We'll look at it all day long. But that's the type of thing that's far more attractive to us than chasing headcount.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Mailman with Citi.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Hassan [ph] on for Craig. The active mixed-use redevelopments all have a 6% projected returns. How are you thinking about return thresholds for incremental project starts given the elevated cost of capital?
Donald Wood: Yes. No, it's a very good question. And I think I've answered this a couple of [indiscernible] but think about it this way. We need incremental returns or incremental returns on top of our cost of capital in terms of development of at least 150 basis points from an IRR perspective, more like 200 basis points from an IRR perspective. The reason I keep saying IRR perspective is because the stuff that we do in those projects, we won't do unless they grow faster. Our experience has shown us that those projects are -- we are able to increase rents faster. The residential component is important with respect to that. But incrementally, once we get comfortable with what our cost of capital is going to be, I'd like a little more clarity from the Fed. Maybe we're getting there -- getting a little bit closer that way on the debt side. On top of that, add 150 to 200 depending on the risk of the particular project from an IRR perspective. I hope that's helpful.
Operator: Next question comes from Floris Van Dijkum, Compass Point.
Floris van Dijkum: I guess could I ask about your shop occupancy at 90% leased, what is the gap between occupied and leased and how much more will that number, can you drive that over the next two years? And how much more do you think that will increase maybe even this year?
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. The occupied percentage of small shop is 88%. And we would expect to be able to drive both of those up higher. I think that's a real opportunity. And up towards the occupied percentage above 90% and up towards north of 92% on the lease side. I think there's still more room to run on that our portfolio.
Operator: The next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank.
Derek Johnston: I wanted to touch on capital recycling, primarily because it's such an important growth tool for REITs. And really, it's been hampered as you know, especially this year. But Don, with the Fed striking a pause here and some calling for perhaps a first round of cuts and maybe Q1 '24, somewhere around that time frame. Do you think there's visibility in rates and somewhat of a stability in rates can condense or narrow what must be a wide bid-ask spread. So you can maybe do some accretive acquisitions and reignite that growth engine later the year?
Donald Wood: I do, Derek, I mean you said the word in your question, there has to be some level of stability. There has to be predictability. And without that, as there hasn't been, as you know, it's sure, the bid-ask is very different. That will change. Now it will change over time, and there are other things than just Fed's that dictate whether there is or an acquisition market that makes sense for a disposition market that makes sense, but it's not going to stay the way it is. So yes, I mean, we run this business. We've run this business for a long term, long time. We'll continue to do that. And during those cycles, there will be a reversion to some level of stability that allows us to get stuff done. No questions.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS.
Michael Goldsmith: Dan, you had a slight beat on FFO relative to the consensus, you're not touching guidance as it's still early in the year. I guess like what are you looking for over the next three months or when we next speak on an earnings call, would that -- would give you more confidence that you can take the year's expectations higher? And then separately, like what are you looking for, which would maybe give you a little bit more caution in terms of the outlook for the year.
Daniel Guglielmone: Look, I think the biggest driver would be just continued strong leasing volumes. Our pipeline is as strong as is large in terms of what's been executed to date this quarter and what's in the pipeline of executed LOIs. It's never been higher. And so that continues, and we can see that continue. I think that obviously, we'll have some confidence. On the flip side, look, I think the market is -- got some risk out there, particularly with regards to tenants and whether or not tenants we'll be able to weather this difficult economic environment, whether or not we see a continued uptick in bankruptcies. And I think that balance, we've done very well balancing that. I think that we've managed to have very little exposure or on a relative basis, certainly, but just in absolute terms in terms of our exposure to those bankruptcies, we hope that continues.
Operator: Next question comes from Haendel St, Juste with Mizuho.
Ravi Vaidya: This is Ravi Vaidya on the line for Handel. I hope you guys are doing well. Just wanted to comment and ask about the snow spread. You currently are at 160 bps. Would you view this as a long-term steady state for what snow could be?
Daniel Guglielmone: Look, we've done an exceptional job, I think, of bringing our SNO metric down from north of 300 basis points in our existing portfolio, down to 160 basis points. We'd like to get that tighter. We'd like to get that down to 100 basis points to 125 basis points. One of our differentiators though, is that we have an SNO and space that is yet to be delivered from our large redevelopment and expansion pipeline that is equal to that size. So we have $18 million in the existing portfolio, $18 million of total rent in our development, redevelopment and expansion pipeline and that equates to over 300 basis points. I think that's pretty compelling. And I don't think anybody has a redevelopment pipeline that has the pre-leasing that's been done, where it's something that is a real differentiator because we've got scale. And that truly, I think, the equivalent of what's in the existing portfolio and what's in the redevelopment portfolio. is effectively 300 basis points or more.
Operator: The next question comes from Hong Zhang with JPMorgan.
Hong Zhang: Just a quick question on occupancy. I think last quarter, you talked about potentially pushing economic occupancy above 93%, maybe in the mid-93s by year-end. Just wondering if that's changed given the Bed Bath announcement and your views on near-term bankruptcy risk in general?
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. No, I think -- look, it depends on so far of our 9 anchor boxes, we've only had one lease rejected. We'll see how it plays out. Obviously, if there's a full liquidation, then we're not going to be at 93% on an occupied percentage. We'll be probably closer to 92%. But we'll see how that all plays out. What gets somewhat that is in terms of what leases get purchased in there liquidation. And from that perspective, we would hope to have a clearer sense from that number as the bankruptcy unfolds.
Operator: The next question comes from Paulina Rojas-Schmidt with Green Street.
Paulina Rojas-Schmidt: Don, you have talked about how you believe your portfolio outperformed peers in an economic downturn. And you have highlighted how affluence, good demographics are a key driver behind that. But an are perceived perhaps as vulnerability is your slightly higher exposure to more cyclical categories restaurants a little bit more foot price apparel. So could you please provide a little bit of a history lesson on how these segments have performed historically in downturns in your portfolio to have a better understanding of how the overlap between high demographics and cyclical categories perform.
Donald Wood: Paulina, thanks for asking that. it's kind of like in my prepared remarks, I wanted to make a distinction of how those mixed-use properties with generally higher-end tenants, how effectively they do. And what we have found -- and look, retail -- sorry, real estate is local. So in the specific markets where they are operating both historically and currently, what we're seeing is increased sales and importantly, very importantly, on a period of inflation, those tenants have the ability to raise prices. When I sit and I think about -- and I don't know the answer to this, but I ask you to consider something like this. If you take aspirational tenants, the Lulu Lemons of the world, people like that effectively. And imagine how much they've been able to increase prices over the next -- last two years of inflation and compare that more to maybe the big lots of the world or something that is aiming for a lower demographic. It's harder to press -- it's harder to push price increases. That's a really important thing for us in all parts that includes restaurants, et cetera. Now I don't know whether I've told you this before or not, I don't remember, but everybody was worried about Federal Realty going into the 2008, 2009, great financial crisis because we had more restaurants, because we had more lifestyle, if you will, everybody was worried about Federal, and it turned out that those were the best-performing categories in the company doing that. And when I look today at our company, and I look at the restaurant performance in the mixed-use properties, they are generating over $1,000 a foot of sales. And part of that is because they've been able to raise prices. Part of that is because there's a huge amount of volume that goes through there. But that gives them the ability to certainly cover the rents that we are charging them and more. And when you think about that in those type of areas, we would expect that to continue to happen. The conversations we have, and we are very tight, we're a smaller company in terms of number of properties than our competitors. We have very close relationships with our tenants. We understand what it is that they are doing to be able to work through difficult -- more difficult economic times. And so those things give me confidence because we have been doing this a long time, and there are cycles. And I expect it to behave similar to the way it's behaved historically. I hope that's helpful.
Operator: The next question comes from Tayo Okusanya with Credit Suisse.
Tayo Okusanya: Congrats on a solid quarter. Don, last quarter, when you kind of talked about dispositions, it sounds like there was a pipeline of kind of a little bit over $100 million or so you were working on. I think this quarter, you kind of announced $13 million of it done. Could you talk about like the rest of the pipeline, what's kind of happening there whether it's kind of taking a little bit longer to close deals because of the shakeout on the debt market. So just give us a sense of maybe what's kind of happening on that front?
Donald Wood: Yes. We have and continue to have a list of assets that we would recycle as a component of our business plan. And frankly, we have that list in good times and bad times in terms of what it is. So those are not a lot of properties, but it's a few that we look at. The -- that's what we talked about last quarter, last year, et cetera. And we got to get comfortable that we're going to get paid well. And so in going through that process, we couldn't get comfortable on as many of those assets as we thought we could. That doesn't mean they come off the table. That just means pursuant to the question that was asked a little bit earlier, once there's some stability and some understanding of the general market conditions, you'll see a pickup in the disposition side of our business. I don't know, Dan or Jeff, is there anything to add to that? Think that's it.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jefferies.
Linda Tsai: I'm not sure if you look at it this way, but I think one of your peers talked about the average rents in their SNO pipeline. I was just wondering if you had a number for that for yours.
Daniel Guglielmone: Probably on a total rent basis in the kind of the low to mid-20s and probably in the upper 30s on a -- mid- to upper 30s on a base rent basis. But we can come back to you with more precise numbers. I don't have them exactly here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler.
Alexander Goldfarb: Don, can you -- a number of years ago, you guys expanded into the Hispanic centers out in California. And just sort of looking for an update on that. Then also the Korean like the H Marks of the world seems to also be a pretty powerful anchor, and those shopping centers also seem to have that cold-type following. So do you see expanding into more in the Asian Hispanic centers? Or is your experience so far with what you bought a number of years ago, maybe not panned out the way you thought.
Donald Wood: Thanks, Alex. It has panned out the way we thought. In fact, probably better than we thought in terms -- given the fact that we didn't consider a global pandemic, and those properties performed exceptionally well during the pandemic. What -- the answer to your question really depends on the right local partner. It really depends on the market, of course, that we need to be comfortable with and a partner that we would need to be -- that we would need to be aligned with, with respect to our views and the way we can manage a property. Prime Store has been that. It's been a very good partnership. We've had trouble adding more to it. We would have wanted to have added more to it. But those are individual deal by deal, and they've got to make some sense, and we didn't find any of that made sense. But those assets perform really well. I'll actually be out there on Monday of next week with Prime Stores. So that part's worked out really well. In terms of any other property type with a demographic that we're not as comfortable with, as I say, we need the right partner because these are real estate decisions that have to be operated and have to be leased and have to be grown specific to a market and if we're not familiar with, we'll get hurt. So we better have the right partner, and we've not found that at this time.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Leah Brady for any closing remarks.
Leah Brady: We look forward to seeing many of you in the coming weeks. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may all now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Leah Brady. Thank you. Ms. Brady, you may begin.
Leah Brady: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G., Jeff Berkes, Wendy Seher, Jan Sweetnam and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks.  A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results, including guidance.  Although Federal Realty believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may materially differ from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained.  The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued this afternoon, our annual report on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial conditions and results of operations. Our conference call tonight will be limited to 60 minutes. [Operator Instructions] and with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our fourth quarter results. Don? 
Donald Wood: Well, thanks, Leah, and good afternoon, everybody. We ended 2022 on a very strong note and reported FFO per share of $1.58 in the quarter and therefore, $6.32 for the full year, ahead of both internal and external consensus expectations and a precursor to the strong guidance that great real estate with class-leading demographics will allow us to forecast. We're more than a year ahead of where we thought we'd be in recovering from the depth of the pandemic in terms of leasing, occupancy and bottom line earnings. We executed a record 497 leases for over 2 million square feet of retail space in 2022, and the comparable deals were done at 6% more rent on a cash basis and 15% more rent on a straight-line basis than the leases that were expiring. We did that while simultaneously increasing our inherent contractual rent bumps to over 2.25% annually overall.  And by the way, based on what we see looking forward into 2023, at this point, while I doubt that we'll do 497 leases again. I would expect a higher lease rollover percentage in 2023 as continued strong demand and inflationary pressures are helping negotiations. We leased up the portfolio at 94.5% at year-end compared with 93.6% a year before and still have room to further increase in 2023. Most importantly, that intensified focus we've been talking about over the last year or so, aimed at minimizing that difference between percent leased and percentage occupied, i.e., getting tenants rent paying more quickly. Well, it's working.  While our percentage lease continues to grow, up 90 basis points in 2022, our percentage occupied is growing even faster, up 170 basis points in 2022, suggesting some of the quickest times between lease signing and rent paying in our history, a particularly impressive feat during the supply chain struggles of the past two years. So all of these things resulted in 2022 FFO per share of $6.32, 13.5% higher than the year before and right on top of our pre-pandemic record. I know you've heard me say it many times before, but it bears repeating. Demographics matter, especially in times of economic pressure, past cycles have convinced us that families simply have to have money to spend for retail real estate cash flow to grow. 68,000 households with annual average household incomes of $150 to $1,000 sit within 3 miles of federal centers. That's $10.2 billion of family income generated within a 3-mile radius, and more than half of those people have a 4-year college degree or better. I know no other significantly sized retail portfolio that can say that. So it's manifesting itself in a myriad of ways, including a wide variety of tenants who saw their sales exceed the percentage rent threshold in the lease in the fourth quarter. While not a huge absolute number, since we strive for strong fixed rent in our leases, the broad-based percentage rent contribution in the quarter, particularly among our restaurants and soft goods tenants over and above the fixed rent is notable and contributed an additional $0.02 per share compared with last year's fourth quarter and is a continuation of the trend that we've been seeing all year. Now as economic activity falls and higher interest rates affect everything from car loans to mortgage payments to deal underwriting, we would certainly expect to see a slowdown in consumer spending which very well may cause retailer reticence and a slowdown in the period. It hasn't happened so far. Leasing -- that kind of change is pretty obvious. But that's okay. This business remains more solid. And if history is any indication, federals real estate will outperform given that superior demographics, along with a very strong diversification of rent. No one tenant makes up more than 2.8% of our rental stream, and that tenant is TJX. To put a finer point on that, when you think about today's troubled tenants, Bed Bath, Party City, Rite Aid, Tuesday Morning and even Regal Cinemas, of which we have no exposure, all of them combined comprise less than 1% of our 2023 forecasted rental stream. Average in-place base rent at our 9 Bed Bath & Beyond and Buybuy Baby locations is $15 a full. Rental will be more than replaceable as we navigate through the expected bankruptcy process with. We continue to opportunistically prune the portfolio of non-core and slower-growing assets. And in the fourth quarter and the last few days of the third quarter, we sold three smaller properties, all in Maryland, for proceeds of about $135 million at a combined flat 5% cap rate: one, a legacy residential community from Federal's earliest days; the second a Federal developed residential building on excess land in Towson Maryland; and the third, one of our earliest small retail developments in Rockville Maryland. Those and earlier sale proceeds were reinvested into assets like Kingstown and the shops of Pembroke Gardens, which are generating better going-in yields and add significantly better growth process. The ability to sell non-core assets accretively is just one of the differentiating tools that we have to manage this company through economic cycles. And of course, you only need to look at the $600 million-plus construction and process number on the year-end balance sheet to identify a large source of future income, much of at least not yet reflected in the results. Okay. So that's about it for my prepared remarks this afternoon, so I'd like to leave you with one final thought before turning it over to Dan. The run-up in interest rates will surely pressure everybody's earnings to some extent in the years ahead, as included, beginning in 2023. Dan will go through the expected impact in a few minutes.  But keep in mind that Federal has been around since 1962 and has raised its dividend every year since 1967. This business plan doesn't need money to be virtually free to thrive. It's proven that. In terms of 2023, know that significant incremental rent from contracts that are already in place, particularly where demand is strongest at our mixed-use operating properties like Assembly Row, Pike & Rose, Santana Row, Darian and CocoWalk, along with a full year of contributions from '22 acquisitions, will more than cover incremental interest and lead Federal to what we believe will be an all-time record earnings year in 2023 with sector-leading growth. Dan?
Daniel Guglielmone: Thank you, Don, and hello, everyone. Our reported FFO per share of $1.58 for the fourth quarter and $632 for the year were up 7.5% and 13.5%, respectively, versus 2021. For both periods, we're at the top of our previously increased guidance range. Primary drivers of the outperformance: acceleration in occupancy up to 92.8%, a gain of 70 basis points for the quarter and 170 basis points for the year. Other drivers: higher percentage rent, which more than doubled 2022 versus the previous year; and continued strength in consumer traffic at our mixed-use assets, driving marketing revenues higher. This was offset by higher property operating expenses and higher interest expense. Comparable growth, our GAAP-based metric for same-store in the fourth quarter and the full year came in at 5.4% and 7.7%, respectively, strong metrics despite the negative net impact of prior period rents and terms. On a same-store cash basis, we came in at what we believe to be a sector-leading 5.5% for the quarter and 8.5% for the year. Excluding the negative impacts of prior period rents and term fees, cash same-store growth was 7.8% and 10.8% for the fourth quarter and full year, respectively. For those analysts and investors to keep track, we had $1.1 million term fees for the fourth quarter against a 4Q '21 level of $1.7 million. Prior period rent contributions related to COVID-impacted negotiated yields were $2 million this fourth quarter versus $4 million in the fourth quarter of '21. Please note that in our investor presentation on our website, there are updated slides plus an appendix which provide all of these figures. Don already highlighted continued strength in leasing, but let me point out a few more statistics of note. The 94.5% and 92.8% in leased and occupied metrics represented growth of 90 basis points and 170 basis points, respectively, over 2021 and 20 and 70 basis points of sequential growth over the third quarter.  We continue to see strength in our small shop leasing, which now stands at 90%, a level not seen since 2017, but still short of our targeted and historical peak levels. The 80 basis points of relative pickup in our SNO [ph] spread over the course of 2022 demonstrates our ability to get tenants open and rent paying. More upside to come in 2023 as we target an SNO spread at more typical levels of 100 to 125 basis points long term. I mentioned leasing activity has been strong to start 2023, and our pipeline of deals executed to date in the first quarter and those under executed LOI is in line so far with 2022's strong leasing volumes. Additionally, we remain optimistic so we can continue to drive favorable lease terms in 2023, including both strong lease rollover growth and sector-leading contractual rent forms. A big driver of our growth in 2022 was the continued stabilization of a large portion of our redevelopment and expansion pipeline. We expect that to be the case in 2023 as well. Having placed $800 million of projects into service in 2021 and 2022 at Assembly Row, Pike & Rose and CocoWalk, we saw a $24 million of incremental POI 2022. We expect another roughly $12 million of incremental POI in 2023, just from those 3 projects alone. The balance of our development pipeline now stands at roughly $730 million which will deliver incremental POI starting this year and continue for the next few years but is less than $300 million remaining to spend. Now to the balance sheet, a quick update on our liquidity position. We ended the year with $86 million of cash available and an undrawn $1.25 billion credit facility for a total liquidity in excess of $1.3 billion. Our leverage metrics continue to be strong. Fourth quarter annualized net debt to EBITDA is roughly 6 times. That metric is forecasted to improve over the course of 2023 as development POI comes online and occupancy drives higher. Again, our targeted level is in the mid -- is in the low to mid 5 times range. Fixed charge coverage was 3.7 times for the fourth quarter and 4 times for the full year. Now on to guidance. For 2023, we are introducing FFO guidance of $6.38 to $6.58 per share. This represents 2.5% growth at the midpoint $6.48 and 4% at the high end of the range. Despite the challenging capital markets environment and embedded headwinds, as promised, Federal will grow in 2023.  This is driven by a comparable growth forecast of 2% to 4%. This assumes occupancy levels will increase from 92.8% at 12/31, up above 93% and by year-end 2023, although that progression will not be linear throughout the year. Additional contributions from our redevelopment and expansion pipeline will total $15 million to $18 million. For those modeling, let me direct you to our 8-K on Page 16 and 17 where we provide our forecast of stabilized POI and timing by projects. Accretion from our 2022 acquisitions being online for a full year will also contribute. Those $500-plus million 2022 acquisitions are expected to outperform our original underwriting by at least 50 basis points. This will be offset by lower prior period collections with a net 2022 level of $9 million that's expected to fall to a range of $4 million to $6 million in '23. And lower net term fees, we had $9.5 million in 2022 and forecast $5 million to $6 million in 2023, more in line with our historical averages.  Despite over 100 basis points of headwinds, our comparable growth forecast is 2% to 4% for 2023. It would be 3% to 5% without the headwinds from prior period rents and term fees. Quarterly FFO cadence. We'll have one quarter being the weakest with sequential growth thereafter. Other assumptions include $175 million to $200 million of spend on redevelopment and expansions at our existing properties; $175 million to $225 million of common equity issued throughout the year, refinancing our $275 million of unsecured notes, which mature in June in the mid-5% range; G&A in the $52 million to $56 million range for the year; and capitalized interest for 2023 is estimated at $20 million to $22 million which includes the continued capitalization of interest at Santana West. Given our change in leasing strategy from a single tenant leasing approach to a multi-tenant building as we build out tenant floors and add tenant amenities. Dispositions completed in '22, contributed roughly $5 million of POI during the year. That POI will not be there in '23. We've assumed a credit reserve, excluding the impact of Bed Bath & Beyond of roughly 75 basis points. With respect to Bed Bath, we are adding another 25 to 60 basis points of reserve depending on the uncertain outcome with respect to this tenant. Please note, in 2023 and moving forward, we have less than 70 basis points of exposure at our Wynnewood location had a natural expiration in January 2023 and has not been on our '23 forecast since mid-last year. As is our custom, this guidance does not reflect any acquisitions or dispositions in 2023, except what has already been announced. We will adjust for those as we go given our opportunistic approach to both. This guidance also does not assume any tenants moving from a cash basis to accrual basis revenue recognition. Please note the expanded disclosure in our 8-K on Page 30 provides a detailed summary of this guidance. And before we go to Q&A, let me take a minute to highlight the strength the outperformance that our signature mixed-use retail assets demonstrated in 2022. The big four of Santana Row, Assembly Row, Pike & Rose and Bethesda Row, took a disproportionate hit during COVID, because of government shutdowns in their respective markets, but they now sit they finished 2022 at 99% leased.  Reported retail sales were 15% to 20% higher than the prior year and are back up above pre-COVID levels. Consumer traffic was up 20% versus the prior year and 7% above pre COVID levels. Comparable retail POI at these assets were up 30% versus 2021 and over 6% above pre-COVID levels. Plus, we are forecasting comparable growth in retail POI for 2023 of 6% to 8% if these four assets given continued strength in leasing demand. The retail components of our mixed-use assets are unique and have driven and should continue to drive POI growth materially above that of a typical open-air shopping center, providing an additional point of differentiation between Federal and its peers. Further, our operational mixed-use capabilities in design, construction, leasing, operations are unrivaled and a unique competitive advantage moving forward in the continued evolution of open-air retail, capabilities that are applicable across our entire retail portfolio and a big reason why we expect that sector-leading retail growth for years to come. And with that, operator, you can open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with you question.
Juan Sanabria: Good afternoon, and thanks for the time. Just curious on the total portfolio to one of your later comments in your prepared remarks where NOI sits relative to 2019 levels and when do you expect to get back to that. You kind of made the comment for the big four, but just curious on the broader sample set?
Donald Wood: We're back. Yes, we're, in fact, well above 2019 levels. So I know one that what Dan was just talking about was specifically with respect to the 4 mixed-use assets and for obvious reasons there. But the whole portfolio is on overall back above 2019. It's the higher interest expense that effectively brings us back down to about the same FFO but certainly, operationally, significantly above.
Operator: And our next question is from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Schmidt : Thank you. I just wondered if you could just give us what the drag will be on the increased interest expense of '23 versus '22?
Daniel Guglielmone: Roughly $0.30 per share, plus, minus any above where we end up.
Craig Schmidt : Okay. And then just real quick. Small shop was relatively flat sequentially, do you still see that as a major opportunity for growth on your POI?
Donald Wood: Yes. And Wendy, I don't know if you want to add to this or not, but I'm very, very positive about our small shop occupancy. And I think we're sitting there at 90% or so now, which is back to place that we haven't been for quite some time, and we're not done. We've got some more room to grow there. 
Wendy Seher: And I would add to that, there's a real sense of urgency on the leasing side overall, especially on the small shops. Through COVID, the weaker guys, as we know, have gone away and our small shops are thriving right now. Obviously, we're heading into maybe some headwinds, but some of the technologies and so forth that have come post COVID are really driving sales for a lot of the retailers, including the restaurants.
Operator: And our next question is from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good evening. Dan, I was hoping you can just touch on what would be driving you to either the bottom or top end of guidance this year?
Daniel Guglielmone: Look, I think a big variable is what happens to the Bed Bath bankruptcy. I think that probably at the top of the range, we'll expect to have a more normalized Chapter 11 where we expect to get a few boxes back whereas, if it's a liquidation, that will push us towards the bottom of the range. I think that's probably one of the bigger drivers that takes us either up or down.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. And if I could just [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Our next question is from Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI.
Samir Khanal: Thanks for the question. Maybe you can touch upon the transaction market and kind of what you're seeing from pricing or cap rates today. I don't know if there's a way to bifurcate between sort of your suburban open-air centers versus any color you can provide in lifestyle centers. That would be great. Thanks. 
JeffBerkes: Yes. Hey, Samir, it's Jeff. Not a lot of color because there's not a lot of transactions. We're always in the market looking for stuff regardless of what's going on, but there's just not a lot out there right now. I mean, if you want a data point, back in the day, when the market was active for the best grocery-anchored centers or maybe 100 to 150 basis point spread cap rate over the 10-year treasury. But we haven't seen many trades, and I don't expect to see a ton of trends this year. So kind of anybody's guess at this point.
Operator: And our next question is from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Goldsmith: Good evening. Thanks a lot for taking my question. My question is on the comparable property growth guidance. Can you help reconcile kind of the moving pieces that generate your guidance of 2% to 4% growth in ex prior period; in terms of fees, 3% to 5% this year relative to last year. I see curious, you're expecting a little bit less occupancy growth and maybe walk through some of the other pieces. And then on capital interest, does that go from a potential headwind to tailwind this year? What are the implications for '24?
Daniel Guglielmone: Okay. Look, I think the building blocks that kind of are comparable is kind of a combination of things that get us there. I think we would expect I think contractual bumps, which continue to be kind of sector-leading, kind of north of 2.25% and include kind of some of the office. I think occupancy growth relative to where things were last year will add, I think, a good chunk of rollover because what's interesting is ours is a GAAP number, so the contractual rent bumps don't contribute as much. What really does is the rollover to rollover growth, which is the straight line rollover, which captures those rent bumps. And so that should be a big driver because of the progress we've made.  And you've got residential. I think we'll continue to see percentage rent and parking. And then we mentioned the probably 100 to 130 basis points of credit reserve, then also about 100 basis points of term fee headwind and prior period rent headwind that gets us kind of to that midpoint of that metric.
Operator: And our next question is from Craig Mailman with Citi. Please proceed with your question. 
Craig Mailman: I just wanted to circle back up on the interest capitalization question. Dan, just two questions on this, basically. Just what guidance have been if you guys had burned or ceased capitalization on Santana West? And kind of from a timing perspective, even if there was no leasing, when would you have to just finally stop capitalizing there? And then just secondly, the strategy shift to the multi-tenant, are you -- what kind of demand are you guys seeing, if at all, in those smaller spaces? And are you guys gearing to build out suites or just trying to demise the space?
Donald Wood: No, it's a good question. Listen, the -- it became pretty clear. As you know, we worked hard to get a full building user at Santana West. We shifted to that strategy, we talked about a little bit last year, but we shifted to the strategy of building out the individual floors instead, that the accounting for that is to capitalize and continue to capitalize. But the reason for it, the business reason for that, is that we do see more demand in that 50,000 to 100,000 square foot user. There are tours that we're giving now. Obviously, you know what's going on with tech in Silicon Valley. So I certainly don't have anything great to say about the demonstrative progress there. But that building is getting a lot of looks. And so we're very hopeful that this strategy of looking for 100,000 square foot tenants rather than the full 350,000, 375,000 will be fruitful. It feels good that way.  In terms of what that means on the accounting is you've got $250 million into a building at call it 5% or so a year of carry on that. And so that winds up continuing at this point to be on the balance sheet. And effectively at some point, it will wind up going through the P&L, but you can do the math on that.
Operator: And our next question is from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Good evening out there. So Don, I was intrigued by your comments on the Federal rent bumps and the superior long-term core growth profile of the portfolio. I remember while back you provide a buildup of what you thought the portfolio could do over a longer-term basis in terms of that core internally generated growth, I think it was like 3% to 4%, which included some of the bump spreads redevs. So I guess I was curious if you could give us an updated sense of what do you think the long-term core growth profile looks like now or could look like now with the improved bumps you're referencing as well as maybe factoring some of the various deal rent tailwinds coming online here
Donald Wood: That's fair, Haendel. I mean the -- look, the business, the general business and the shopping center business, allows the portfolio to grow with common occupancy of a typical shopping center of 1.5% and 1.25%, what they do. We've been able to have long-term growth of 3%, 3.5%, something like that, on an occupancy neutral basis. I feel very good about that.  And with respect to the comment I was making about the about the rent bumps, it's really -- we've talked about this in the past, a little bit of inflation is a really good thing in our business. So much inflation certainly isn't. But to the extent we get to a normalized level of inflation, it allows us to push more. And Wendy and that team is having success effectively with the ability of increasing or improving the economics for longer-term deals because inflation is real, and everybody knows it. You're not trying to push a noodle uphill. So that long-term growth rate of 3%, 3.5%, I feel very good about.
Operator: And our next question is from Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please proceed with your question.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks. Guys, I appreciate you throwing out guidance that is a little bit more adventuresome than some of the your retail partner. And maybe if you can talk a little bit, as you know, not all space is created equal. And I know you've been saying that for a long time, Don. But one of the things that intrigued me about your portfolio and where I think people might be underestimating the growth potential, particularly in your small shop space because your rents are double your anchor tenants, you talked a little bit about your lease percentage. How much of that is occupied? How much more do you expect to gain in terms of lease growth in '23? And then maybe if you can -- if we walk through the elements of your growth for '23, you talked a little bit about -- Dan, you talked about the 2.25% fixed bumps, you have an element of leases that you signed in '23 that were -- where you got a partial year, and obviously, those are going to contribute in '23 as well. And then you got your SNO and you get your spreads. If you do the math, I mean, it looks like you're going to be well north of NOI growth, if I'm adding it up correctly.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. I appreciate the question, Floris. Look, we -- if you add all those things up, yes, it gets beyond the 4%, but then you apply a credit reserve, you've got some headwinds and so forth. And so look, we're hopeful that our 2% to 4% net comparable growth is a conservative estimate. And we hope that the strong rollover we're expecting in 2023, continued contractual rent bumps, continuing to be able to push occupancy, will continue to drive a strong core portfolio growth profile in 2023. But there are headwinds out there, and so the 2% to 4% reflects that.
Operator: Our next question is from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question. 
Derek Johnston: Everyone, good afternoon. Yes, so you mentioned earlier and obviously it's widely understood, with debt cost of capital elevated, what about tapping the equity markets as valuation here as the year recovers. I think there's $200 million issuance at the midpoint. But really, guys, it seems to match development spend. So I guess how do you view greater equity activity as a financing tool given the state of capital markets and as values recover? Thanks.
Donald Wood: Yes, Derek, let me start, and Dan will add to this. Look, there's a couple of principles involved here. So one is I never want to surprise our own so I never want a whole bunch of equity out there at any one time. I'd like to do it in conservative amounts as we go through a year. We opportunistically then obviously can turn that dial up or back based on where we believe value lies and what the uses are.  The most important thing is what is the use for that money. And at the end of the day, to the extent we are very comfortable that we can use shareholder or debtholder proceeds to be able to create incremental value, that's what we will do. That's the driver always because we don't have to, to the extent we don't have those uses, and even the development pipeline that you know, it's far lower than it was, only a couple of hundred million dollars left spend at this point. So lots of flexibility. And that's what I always want to maintain with respect to the balance sheet here is the ability to kind of take advantage opportunistically of what's going on in the marketplace to create value. And I look at debt and equity similar to that.
Operator: And our next question is from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Powell: Hi, good afternoon. It's a question on lease spreads. Good to see the acceleration in the fourth quarter. How are you balancing higher lease spreads versus maybe higher bumps? And are you seeing any tenant push back in that conversations or tenants just saying we need the space and like the space, so we're going to accept the higher prices?
Dan Guglielmone : Yes. Look, there is -- these are an amalgamation of a number of deals. In any particular quarter, you'll see some deals that have higher rollover, you'll see some that are more anchor related versus small shop related. There's a giant mix. I don't want you to look and say, I see a deceleration in leasing spreads in the fourth quarter. There's no trend there. The trend you should expect to see is actually higher rollovers in 2023 based on what we see in the pipeline.  And that's simply an opportunistic notion of being able to understand what spaces are coming due, where the demand is for that space, and that's what's in the pipeline. And that's opportunistic based on what's happening there. But in every case, we're pushing for very high contractual bumps associated with those leases. So, in total, the economic contribution is greater. I don't want to just look at that lease rollover spread. I want to look at it holistically, in total, including the contractual bumps.
Donald Wood: And I think because demand is strong and continues to be strong, we found success in being able to push on both of those levers, particularly in the last couple of quarters.
Operator: And our next question is from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb : Hi, thank you. Good evening. Just a question on Santana West because it seems to be -- that seems to be the delta versus the Street. I think it was $0.20 is what you originally guided when you ceased capitalization. Now obviously, great to hear that there's work going on in demand.  But I guess my question is, do you guys think that you were a little too conservative in ceasing capitalization? I understand that you stopped work on the project, but given markets are moving or fluid when it comes to leasing, do you think that maybe should have just left it as a capitalized project? I'm just wondering because all the other stuff that you guys are doing is great, but that capitalized interest seems to be the delta between the '23 outlook and where the Street is, so I'm just trying to understand.
Don Wood : So, Alex, my point on that is the direct answer to your question is no, I don't think we are too conservative on that. I think your inherent premise and what you're saying is that the accounting drives the business decision. And it's exactly the opposite. It is the business decision with what -- with the strategy towards the building, that drives whatever the accounting is and frankly, we didn't even know the accounting when we first talked about how the -- how we were going to go after -- what tenant base we were going to go after once we lost the first couple of big building users.  So, no, I don't think so, and the notion of looking at capitalized interest as a positive or negative thing with respect to '23, here's the fallacy in it. What we're laying out in '23, agree, does not have an impact from Santana West. What it does is show the impact of everything else in this company.  And that's why that operating growth is coming through. That's why the bottom line is coming through. ideally, you will see, as we move forward, rent debt more than pay -- rent on Santana West that more than pays for the interest expense. But it's not like we're getting a benefit for that in '23. We simply don't have any impact of Santana West for '23. So just fundamentally, I think you're looking at it a little backwards.
Operator: And our next question is from Paulina Rojas with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
Paulina Rojas: Hi. Good evening. Last time we spoke, I think office traffic at Santana Row was still down materially versus pre-pandemic. I don't remember the exact figures, but maybe in the neighborhood of 30% down. Has that changed at all? And at this point, what is your view of how those traffic patterns will look like in the midterm?
Jeff Berkes : Yes. Paulina, it's Jeff. And I think I understand your question. I think you're talking about the number of people that come to work every day, Monday through Friday, at the office buildings at Santana Row. I'll tell you two things about that. One, that's a small part of the traffic at Santana Row. Santana Row generates a ton of traffic over the year. And the primary reason people are coming there is to shop, eat and enjoy the property.  The weekday traffic is building as well as return to office is ramping up in Silicon Valley. So, we do see that coming back and coming back strongly. But overall, that's a relatively small component. And like Dan said in his prepared remarks, traffic today at Santana Row is above what it was in 2019. So, we're in pretty good shape there, and I appreciate the question.
Operator: And our next question is from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Mueller: Hi. I guess looking at the future phases at Assembly, Pike & Rose and Santana, whenever you think the time is right, how -- I guess, what's the time frame to reactivate those various phases in the project?
Don Wood : That's a great question, Mike. And there's an important underlying assumption here. We love the development component of our business. And there are certainly times like now where we turn down that spigot and aren't comfortable to be able to start construction. But don't let that misinform you to believe that, capacity and the work that we do with our team, which stays together during down cycles here.  Making its shovel ready to be able to activate quicker -- the idea is to be able to activate quicker than any of the competition. That's what we try to do. So, the ability to stay very tight on not only with our contractor, with pricing, with entitlements for future phases at places like Assembly, it's front of mind all the time. So, whatever is going on in the market, Mike, and I don't have a crystal ball with respect to '23 or '24 or '25, but I know we'll be back at it faster than most. And that's the key competitive standpoint in terms of the way we look at it.
Operator: And our next question is from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please proceed with your question.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Something I believe were at a point on Santana West. But from a business standpoint, I'm actually curious if you go multi-tenant. And I would guess that maybe prolongs the lease-up time frame. So even though you're capitalizing cost for longer, shouldn't the all-in cost expectation go up, therefore, the yield come down incrementally? I'm not sure if there's probably other variables to consider, but I was just curious if you can provide some color around that.
Don Wood : Yes. No, it's a very fair question. I'm not sure it will take longer. And the reason is because we are building out the individual floors. So that work, effectively a year's worth of work here, is being done ahead of time. And so, on timing, I think feeling pretty good.  In terms of the extra carry and potentially on cost, yes, I would expect those to be incrementally higher, but we also have benefits in terms of our base building and lots of other things that are reducing the cost of Santana West.  And I guess the last point to really make just make sure you're not overemphasizing this one building that makes up 1.5 points -- 1.5% of the asset base of the company. And when you kind of sit back and you take like our entire office portfolio, they back out just Santana West, just alone, even our ongoing other buildings, which are under construction, in total, 92% leased. And if you knock out the one that's being built here at Pike & Rose, that's not finished yet, they're 97% leased. So, the product -- and this is really important, from a real estate person's perspective, the product is right all the way through, and it's a different product when it's attached the Santana Row, Assembly Row, Pike & Rose.
Operator: And our next question is from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Schmidt: Great. And just one, I wanted to congratulate Jan Sweetnam on his new role of Chief Investment Officer.
Jan Sweetnam: Thank you, Craig.
Don Wood : Thanks, Craig.
Craig Schmidt : Are you staying West Coast base? Or will you be moving to East?
Jan Sweetnam : Still West Coast-based but spending some more time on the East Coast, Craig.
Craig Schmidt : Okay. And then just maybe what are some of the opportunities you most want to pursue in your new role? 
Jan Sweetnam : Well, that's a good question, Craig. Well, look, there's a -- feels like there's going to be some increase in product out there, Craig, and some new product for us to look at. Expanding our base in Phoenix, I think, is going to be a big focus for us.  But I feel pretty good that there's going to be some larger good product for us that we can buy accretively. So, nothing's set in stone, feet ready to go, and we'll see where it takes us.
Operator: And our next question is from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Greg McGinniss : So just a couple of follow-up questions. One is on the disposition pipeline. I think you noted $350 million on the last call. Just curious if you're still pursuing the remainder of those transactions.
Dan Guglielmone : Yes. Essentially, we got done, the one Rolling Wood, which was $68 million. We're still in process on about $130 million of additional acquisitions. We'll see if we get them over. And then I would say the balance, we determined that it didn't meet the timing parameters we needed or the pricing parameters, and we stayed disciplined and decided not to move forward. But there's a possibility. You bring those back later in the year when there's a more receptive capital markets environment.
Greg McGinniss : Okay. Great. And then on the resi occupancy, which fell quarter-over-quarter, was that because of the Rolling Wood sale? Or are there some other reasons for that? 
Don Wood : No. That's just timing a little bit. We're pushing hard on rate. And so, as turnouts come, we don't want to leave money on the table. So that balance between rate and occupancy is always -- it's always part of the formula. And we push just a bunch charter on rate. You'll see that come back in '23.
Operator: And our next question is from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria : Hi. Just curious if we should expect any action on the balance sheet in terms of your '24 expirations given you've got a couple of chunky pieces of debt coming due and kind of how you guys are maybe thinking about getting ahead of that? 
Dan Guglielmone : Yes. Look, I think we're going to look to be opportunistic like we always are. I think we're going to -- we created a significant amount of capacity to give us the flexibility to be opportunistic, completely undrawn on $1.25 billion will give us flexibility from a timing perspective. But we expect to access the bond markets throughout 2023 to address the maturities that we have, June maturity as well as the January '24 maturity.
Operator: And our next question is from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Goldsmith : Thanks a lot for taking another one for me. The lease occupied spread compressed by 50 basis points down to 170 basis points. So, on the one hand, you're monetizing all the leasing that you're doing, but maybe on the other side, you're not -- there's maybe a little bit less benefit in the pipeline. Like how do you think about it? It seems like you've been very positive on being able to monetize it sooner, but just wanted to kind of get your thoughts on either side of that argument?
Don Wood : Well, Michael, I want to make sure we agree on the premise. The lease percentage continues to get better, get higher. The primary thing there is that we continue to lease up the portfolio. We feel very good about that. Now that's a job of that leasing team, and that's working out pretty darn well.  But the job of the tenant coordinators, the job of the construction people, the job is to get those tenants open. And frankly, that has just been as amazing as leasing is and leasing have record years. Tenant coordinators and that part of the construction of those spaces to get them open, is just stellar.  And so, I hope when you look through what's important about leased versus occupied that, if you're in the middle of COVID, it's great to have a whole bunch of leasing done and not a bunch of sub open as it come back up. But to get to normalized operations, you want that as tight as you possibly can to be able to turn a contract into rent. So, I love where we are, in fact, because we're doing both increasing that lease and more than increasing that amount by occupancy.
Dan Guglielmone : Yes. And just to add another thing that's not in that 170 basis points of signed and not open SNO is are non-comparable pool where we have an equivalent amount of POI that's expected to come on from what we're delivering stuff, buildings that are not yet placed into service, where we have leasing done, contracts leases that are done. And it's the equivalent of that same 170 basis point spread. So that's an added differentiator and an advantage that none of our peers have because they don't have the scale of that non-comparable pool.
Operator: As there are no further questions at this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to Ms. Leah Brady for closing comments.
Leah Brady : Thank you, everyone, and we look forward to seeing many of you at the Citi Conference.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello. And welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Leah Brady. Please go ahead. 
Leah Brady: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call, are Don Wood, Dan G, Jeff Berkes, Wendy Seher, and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results including guidance. Although Federal Realty believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements. And we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued this afternoon, our annual reported filed on Form 10-K, and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. Given number of participants on the call, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question and an appropriate follow-up during the Q&A portion of our call. If you have additional questions, please re-queue. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our third quarter results. Don?
Don Wood : Thanks, Leah. And hello everyone. Well, consumer spending remains very strong in the major submarkets where federal operates, particularly in our mixed use properties, and has resulted in another quarter of outperformance in terms both executing long-term leases as well as bottom line earnings. 126 executed long-term leases for 585,000 square feet of space, an FFO per share $1.59 were both above external and internal expectations and continue to signal strong demand for high quality retail and mixed-use real estate. The future pipeline appealed not yet executed also remains robust and as such will be raising 2022 guidance again. Demographics matter, especially in times of economic uncertainty. Past cycles have convinced us that families simply have to have money to spend for retail real estate cash flow to grow. 68,000 households with annual average household incomes of $150,000 sit within three miles of federal realty centers. That's $10.2 billion of family income generated within a three mile radius, and more than half of those people have a four-year college degree or better. I know of no other significantly sized retail portfolio that can say that. It's manifesting itself in a myriad of ways, including a wide variety of tenants who are seeing their sales exceed the over trend threshold in the lease. Although not a huge absolute number since we strive for strong fixed rent in our leases, the broad based over trend contribution in the quarter, particularly among our restaurants and soft goods tenants over and above the fixed rent, is notable and contributed an additional $0.02 per share compared with last year's third quarter. As I said, strong core leasing remains the engine that drives us. Over the last decade, pre-COVID, that's 2010 through 2019, average third quarter production for comparable properties at federal meant doing 88 deals for just over 400,000 square feet. In the 2022 third quarter, we did 119 deals for 563,000 square feet, 40% more than the average. Annual rent bumps of our retail leases average about 2.25% overall and higher when including office leases. That's a powerful advantage over the typical shopping center portfolio. The fact that demand has remained this heated with a deal pipeline that looks to stay strong, speaks volume about our properties and the markets they are in and naturally about future property level operating income growth. It's one of the reasons Dan is again, raising annual earnings guidance $0.12 at the midpoint. The solid tenant performance also manifests itself in continued occupancy gains as tenant failures remain low. Our current year lease rate is now at 94.3% and occupied rent rate now at 92.1%. Those leased and occupied rates are 150 and 190 basis points respectively better than a year ago and there's obviously still room to grow there, particularly on the small shop side. At 89.9% leased small shop space is a remarkable 640 basis points higher than the COVID low point with further gains expected by year-end. I referred earlier to the outsized demand that we see at our mixed-use properties. Note that the retail component of our four large ones Assembly, Pike & Rose, Bethesda and Santana are 98% leased at quarters end. In addition, we continue overall to hit or beat targeted delivery dates. One of our key corporate goals for 2022 and a real tribute to our tenant coordination and construction teams, I'm as convinced as I've ever been that we have the right product in the right locations with the right demographics for the inflationary economy that we're in. And by the way, with a well demonstrated 55 year respect for the dividend component of our total return, a dividend yield of 4.3% for a portfolio of this quality seems awfully compelling to us. And against that backdrop, we've also been able to sell a couple of non-core assets at good pricing and refinance and upsize our term loan and line of credit to be sure that we have plenty of balance sheet flexibility and dry powder for whatever the economic environment feels like in 2023. In terms of capital needed for our large development projects, we have less than an incremental $225 billion to go, about $100 million to complete the Choice Hotel, headquarters building at Pike & Rose. A $100 million largely for tenant build out commissions at Santana West and $20 million to complete Darien Commons. By the way, after the quarter, just last week, we just signed a 52,000 square foot lease with a credit tenant bringing that building at Pike & Rose to over 60% pre-leased. Those products alone will be contributing an incremental $40 million in operating income in years to come. Investing in these and other projects, both large and small with fixed rate debt and equity before the recent rising rates will serve us well in the coming years as these state-of-the-art buildings begin cash flowing. Similar to development, our pro rata share of the acquisitions that we've made since the beginning of COVID through today totaled $850 million. Those acquisitions from Grossmont to Camelback Colonnade, the Pembroke Gardens and so forth, are performing well ahead of our expectations in the aggregate and are expected to yield in the mid-60s in 2023. In that same time period, we generated over $400 million in proceeds from non-core asset sales at a sub-five cap. That capital recycling was not only immediately accretive, but the medium and long-term growth rates of our acquisitions, net of dispositions are clearly superior. Okay, that's about it for my prepared remarks this morning though, I'd like to leave you with one final thought before turning it over to Dan. In our view, the recent run-up in interest rates was inevitable, but not necessarily at the pace we're seeing, while sure to pressure everybody's earnings to some extent in the years ahead, how much so and for how long remains to be seen. So the real question is, will property level operating income more than compensate. These are the times when well-leased, well-located dominant retail and mixed-use centers in supply-constrained affluent, densely populated markets and submarkets shine. We're in a cyclical business, no news to anyone. And it's why our business plan has always included multiple ways to counter the rise in money costs and the effects of inflation. The combination of best-in-class shopping centers along with acquisition and development property level income contributions financed with money from an earlier time, along with the potential sale of certain assets, including discrete residential buildings within our portfolio, gives us more flexibility and more tools with which to handle cyclical pressures than most. We look forward to the challenge. Dan?
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you, Don, and hello, everyone. For another quarter, strength and resilience of our portfolio has exceeded expectations. With FFO per share of $1.59, we beat a strong comparable from third quarter of 2021 by over 5% and beat consensus by $0.06. And once again, we saw broad strength across all aspects of our business driving this performance. Continued gains and small shop occupancy, strong tenant sales driving higher percentage rent, continued increases in customer traffic resulting in another uptick in parking revenues, strengthen our residential assets and better collections than forecast, although offset by higher property level expenses and higher interest. Let me add some color to these items. Small shop leased occupancy basically hit 90%, up 60 basis points over 2Q, up 380 basis points year-over-year and up to a level not achieved since 2017, but still not back to targeted levels. Parking revenues, a strong indicator of consumer traffic at our mixed use assets continued higher up 8% sequentially over 2Q and 33% year-over-year. Percentage rent, an indicator of tenant sales strength was up over 31% sequentially and almost double third quarter 2021 level. Same-store residential POI was up over 10% year-over-year. On the other side, we did start to see some inflationary impact on operating expenses in the quarter as OpEx grew by 10% over 3Q 2021. However, we estimate that roughly a third of that increase is non-recurring and it is all predominantly recoverable from tenants. Despite coming off a strong comp in 2021, our comparable growth metric for 3Q was a solid 3.7% well above forecast. Comparable growth excluding prior period rent and term fees was 6.3%. On a cash basis, our same-store metric is 5%, excluding prior period rent and term fees, our same-store metric is up to 8%. Year-to-date comparable POI growth is a sector leading 8.8% and almost 10% on a cash based same-store metric. For those of you that track it, term fees this quarter were $1.3 million, up from $0.5 million in 2021, but down significantly from the second quarters $5.6 million. Prior period rent was $2 million, decreasing $4 million relative to the third quarters $6 million level. Again, this is adjusted to reflect only negotiated prior period rent payments relating to COVID-19. We did another exceptional quarter of leasing a record for any third quarter, giving us nine consecutive quarters of above average leasing activity and not by a little bit by over 25% on average over this nine quarter period and 40% this quarter. Furthermore, our pipeline remains as robust as weve seen it. Currently exceeding both second quarter of 2022, third quarter of 2021 levels at this juncture in the quarter. Our rent rollover metric was 3% for the quarter with rollover gains for deals in our pipeline, indicating a much more robust outlook in future quarters. We also had another solid quarter achieving sector leading rent bumps, as we continue to drive average annual contractual increases of 2.25% for retail leases only for banker and small shop-lended and as a result our rollover on a straight line basis is 13%. And I know, Im repeating myself, but for every 100 basis points higher in annual rent bumps, the ending rent will be 9% to 10% higher at the end of a 10 year lease. Hence, a portfolio with 2.25% rent bumps and 3% rollover is the equivalent of a portfolio with only 1.25% rent bumps and 12% rollover, plus the 2.25% rent bump portfolio collects more along the way. With respect to our balance sheet, we made significant progress during the quarter in enhancing our liquidity and financial flexibility. Just after quarter end, we closed in a comprehensive refinancing which increased our unsecured bank capacity by over $0.5 billion, from $1.3 billion previously to $1.85 billion today. And a combined revolving credit facility and term-loan, both of which we expanded. We increased our previous $1 billion revolving credit facility to $1.25 billion, extending the term to April of 2027 with two six months options out to 2028 and transitioned the base rate from LIBOR to SOFR and we doubled the size of our existing term loan from $300 million to $600 million. This term loan has an April 2024 maturity with two additional one-year extension options, which take us out to 2026 at our options. The interest rate here also transitioned from LIBOR to SOFR. As a result at closing of the facilities we had $1.4 billion of total liquidity including the $1.25 billion available on our undrawn credit facility. With respect to leverage metrics at quarter end, our net debt EBITDA ratio is roughly six times annualized for the quarter and adjusted for asset activity. Comfortably within the range of our ratings and we continue to target a ratio in the low-to-mid 5 times over time. Our fixed charge coverage ratio rests at 4 times and additionally we sold two assets one retail center and one residential asset during the quarter for a total of $67 million at a blended five-and-a-quarter cap rate. And we're in process on an additional asset sales totaling over $350 million in potential proceeds at a blended cap rate that is sub 5%. Having non-core assets including residential, that we can sell at extremely attractive valuations even in this environment there is an error in our quiver that most retail companies do not have. Onto the remainder of 2022 given another quarter of outperformance and a strong outlook for 4Q, we are increasing our guidance from $6.10 to $6.25 to a tightened range of $6.27 to $6.32 per share, an increase of $0.12 to the midpoint or 2%. And this is on top of two other guidance increases earlier this year in the first half, which brings our year-to-date total increases and guidance to $0.45. Current 2022 guidance implies 13% growth over 2021 at the midpoint despite over 200 basis points of headwinds from prior period rent. We are also bumping up our forecast for comparable POI growth to 7% to 8% from the prior range of 5.5% to 7%. Excluding prior period rents and term fees our comparable POI forecast increases to 9% to 10% from the prior range of 7.5% to 9%. We continue to expect our occupied rate decline from 92.1% today, up to around 92.5% by year end. And please note that our recent third quarter acquisitions weighed on our occupancy growth during the quarter. This guidance assumes a range of a $1.53 to a $1.58 of FFO per share for the fourth quarter. With respect to 2023 we will be giving formal guidance on our call in February, but let me provide some commentary for you to consider. Our $600 million term loan is floating rate. We have consciously decided not to hedge the rate to maximize our financial flexibility to be opportunistic and the timing of refinancing on a longer term fixed rate basis. Its interest rate is set; the term SOFR is adjusted plus an 85 basis point spread which is 4.7% today. Also note while our only debt maturity in 2023 is $275 million of unsecured notes with a June maturity, it does have a 2.75% interest rate. We again expect prior period rents and term fees not to contribute in 2023 to the level they did this year while the impact will not be as material as it was this year. And G&A which is running at $13 million per quarter currently is expected to increase in 2023 using  use $14 million, per quarter is a good placeholder for now. As a counter to these trends, our core business continues to show significant strength given over two years of above average leasing volumes with relatively little impact from failing retailers over the last year. We expect to see POI in 2023 continue to show strong momentum driven by solid comparable growth continuing in 2023 and the existing portfolio driven by 220 basis points of signs not occupied upside a robust current portfolio of new leasing. As well as growth in the non-comparable portfolio, particularly at the recently stabilized Assembly Row Phase 3, 100% lease 909 Rose at Pike & Rose and the 100% lease CocoWalk. Despite uncertainty in the economic outlook for 2023, POI growth will be robust and should provide momentum to counter inflationary pressures and higher interest rates. And with that operator you can open up a line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey good afternoon. So Dan, just wanted to go back to the rent spreads because this is something you guys have talked about over time and certainly looking at your spreads in the quarter, they're not  they're low but the FFO growth is high and I'd rather have FFO growth than rent spreads. So can you just sort of give an overview of how we should think about the interaction between rent spreads in FFO? And then I think you said that you're every year the embedded annual bumps are 2.5%, but one, I just wanted to validate that number; and two, is that just small shop or is that also in like the junior anchors and some of the bigger format retailers?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. Now we'll go to rent spreads to FFO first. The rent spreads we announce are for deals that are signed during the quarter. They will not start for the next year or two, so there's obviously, and that's just one component of how our company grows, which is what the rent spreads are. As we said we also grow rents from contractual rent bumps, which we'll get this year, it is two-and-a-quarter percent retail leases only both anchor and small shop blended that we see in our portfolio, a little bit higher, if include the office leases where we get a little bit higher bumps.
Alexander Goldfarb: And the second question goes back to the guidance that you gave a few quarters ago on 2023 and 2024. Obviously this year has really outperformed and it's hard to believe that the metrics for 2023 and 2024 sort of stuck in the ground and that this year has come up but it's just going to flatten growth. So is that really the case? Like we should think about it flattening growth versus the goal posts that you guys laid out a few quarters ago, or can we think about 2023 and 2024 those goal posts moving up as well?
Dan Guglielmone: Look, we provided goal post or guide posts that that got us to 2023, and we've hit that here in 2022. We're going to provide guidance in 2023 on our February call, but one thing I will tell you is we will see really, really good and strong robust property operating income at the property level in 2023, and we'll continue to see growth coming from our non-comparable portfolio, coming online as well contributing and that obviously in this environment we'll have to counter inflation on operating expenses and we'll look to counter the impact of interest expense.
Jeff Berkes: And I would just add Alex to the implication of your question, which I understand an let me just say there are two things when we gave that those goal posts back there, it was obviously based on the timing of the recovery. As you said the timing of the recovery has clearly been faster and that's great news, but also to your point not only the timing of the recovery, it's been the strength of the recovery. So I would expect that POI growth and the property level to be even more robust than when we set those guideposts back in  whenever we set them in 2021 or 2020 effectively. So at the POI level, you're darn right this business is performing as good or better than it ever has and a lot of that's post COVID. Obviously we got to deal with the current macroeconomic situation in terms of interest rates and all, but overall your point is a good one that that not only did we get there faster, we got there in 2022 verse 2023, but if you were to reset today and look at those POI goals that those goals are effectively even better with respect to the core portfolio because of the strength and the leasing over this period of time.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. We have definitely witnessed your properties and your trader performing well in an inflationary environment. I'm wondering how do you think it might perform in a recessionary environment?
Dan Guglielmone: Well, yes. I don't think there's a lot of wondering about that. If you take a look at history, obviously this isn't the same as the great financial crisis. It's not the same as the dotcom crisis of 2000, 2002 Craig. But it is clearly a period or going into a period of reduced economic activity, call it what your will. It's why we own the properties we own. It's why the demographics we believe are incredibly important going forward. So what those exact numbers will be and what they're  what the future holds and in terms of both inflation and reduced economic activity, I firmly believe we'll outperform. And I believe that just as we have in past cycles, because the affluent, the density and the barriers to entry of where we are, I go back to those numbers because theyre so important. When youve got $10 billion of income power within 3 miles of a shopping center, its very hard to imagine that thats not going to be a significant advantage in both an inflationary environment and a lower economic activity environment. So I like this on a relative basis very much.
Craig Schmidt: And I agree with you. Theres definitely a tale of two cities when you look at different income cohorts and how theyre spending. But Im wondering if your centers have also benefited from what were seeing is people are more actively pursuing experiences, travel its held up well. People paying very high rates at vocation, hotels just frankly the socialization and the experience that at your shopping centers may also be benefiting from just the consumers wanting to get back to that aspect of their life.
Don Wood: Craig, its hard to imagine thats not the case. Were taking this call today from Santana Row out in the middle of Silicon Valley. Theres always confusion is Silicon Valley, the Bay Area and the stuff that you hear about San Francisco, it couldnt be  40 miles is a 1,000 miles away in terms of markets. Im looking out on this street right here, if you saw the activity, if you saw the restaurant numbers in particular that are generated here, it goes to validate your point critically. Were seeing the same type of thing in those restaurant numbers at Assembly Row and at Pike and Rose. And so the notion of the combination of those type of properties along with a very substantial grocery anchored shopping center portfolio together, I think makes your point crystal clear.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa: Yes. Thanks. Good afternoon. I guess, Dan or Don or Wendy, just as you talk about the leasing pipeline, I was just wondering if you could add a little bit of color on the types of tenants that youre seeing, if theres any regional variation. And I guess, as you think about the upside in the portfolio, where do you think the lease percentage can ultimately get back to and when does the  I guess the gap between leased and occupy close more significantly?
Wendy Seher: So I guess Steve, Ill take the first part of that question. And as youve heard in our remarks, the pipeline that Im seeing is really strong. What weve just accomplished in the quarter and frankly the last 12 months by taking our small shop and increasing it by 380 basis points over a 12 month period is remarkable and proud of the team, of course. And just speaks to the real estate. As I look at what weve been doing, I mean, weve had everything from Atlanta to Nike to Daves Hot Chicken seems to be the big one to Petco to very broad based as it has been, frankly, in the last several quarters. So again, seeing it  and the other piece of this that is really positive is the activity that were seeing and the challenges that were having, both on the retail side and on the landlord side is costs of construction with the relationships that we have and the amount of tenants that were dealing with over a period of time and the credibility that we have in the market to do what we say were going to do. Weve kind of been able to put our heads together and figure out how to move forward on a lease, even though some costs can be challenging. And with this transparent approach, weve been not only being able to get the rents that we need to have it make economic sense, but weve been able to grow the annual embedded increases and the leases that make sense for us. So again, speaks to the strength of the real estate and that buying power within those markets.
Don Wood: And I guess, Steve, with respect to the second part of your question, I would very much expect this portfolio to be a 95% plus leased portfolio. Now, the notion of the timing of getting there is dependent on the number of things. First of all, were not solely driven by occupancy. Were driven by economics and value creation. And Ill give you a perfect example. What happens with the Bed Bath & Beyonds as we go forward? If I had my way, we would get them back as soon as we can and we'd lease them to more productive tenants at higher rents. That's what we'd like to be able to do. Now, that doesn't mean we won't extend one for a year, another year, whatever, but I guess occupancy per se, my point is here is only one consideration in trying to reach the goal. It's not trying to get to 95% no matter who and no matter when. And that's an important thing to understand. And I do think that that's something that we put a lot of weight on the balance necessary to be able to get there. The second thing is obviously the leaks in the bottom of the bucket. What are we going to see over the next couple of years in terms of tenant failures, et cetera? Obviously, we've gotten into this period of time of post-COVID in a better position the industry has because of the loss of weak tenants at the beginning of COVID. And at this point it's still looking really strong and I don't see a lot of leaks at the bottom of the bucket beyond the Bed Bath and always a few small shops, et cetera. But what the extent that's going to be is going to determine the timing of the question that you're asking. I would hope to be there within a couple years.
Jeff Berkes: Hey Steve, it's Jeff, Im just backing cleanup here. We've probably got another a 100 basis points to go to get to where we want to be on our signed not occupied percentage. We're sitting at 220 basis points today, and historically that's been a 100 to 125 basis points. And like Wendy said, we are doing everything we can, working our relationships with not only the tenants but also the people that do the work both inside the company and outside the company to build out space as fast as possible and get runs started. That's really been going well for us the last six, eight quarters. We hope to get that shrunk down in short order exactly when it'll happen. Like Don just said, we can't tell you, but that is a primary objective there.
Don Wood: Yes, we've made good progress on that. It used to be north of 300 basis points spread. We've got it down to 200 on our way to that targeted, 100 to 125 basis points.
Dan Guglielmone: I guess the fourth matter really is the cleanup matter.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Sorry for long question. Second, just on capital deployment, I guess, Don, how are you thinking or how have you changed kind of your hurdles for either new development, redevelopments ground up or acquisitions? It sounds like you have a pretty robust disposition pipeline at 5%. 
Don Wood: Yes.
Steve Sakwa: But just how are you thinking about unlevered yields for new investments?
Don Wood: Yes, well, obviously that's all in that state of flux as the capital market are in that state of flux. So within the context of that, Steve, the bottom line is we're still  we always through periods want to make sure that the company continues to view capital on long-term weighted average cost basis, not just yield for a particular project at any one time because it's as uncertain in terms of where it's going to end up at this point. We have clearly put the brakes on some of that capital deployment for new projects, unless the project that we're working on is very clearly not only needed for the asset, but very accretive. And that puts it up in those 8%, 9%, 10% ranges to be able to do right now. That won't stay like that forever. We just want more visibility in terms of where that overall cost of capital will end up. And I think you would probably agree somewhere by the middle of next year, we will have an awful lot more visibility than we do today. 
Steve Sakwa: Great. That's it for me. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Derek Johnston: Hi everybody. Good afternoon. We view renewed office demand as a real potential, positive catalyst for federal, and especially when it comes to investor sentiment. And I think I'd say what we learned exiting the pandemic era is office location, newness, quality operators, they have all seen and, and should continue to see outsize demand. So I guess, how are tours progressing and interest progressing, specifically at Santana West? And perhaps touch on some other assets. And are you more confident on your office component, given what you're seeing on the ground than maybe a few quarters ago or a year ago?
Don Wood: Derek, it's a great question. I really appreciate that. Let me start by saying,  and I've said it a million times, but I couldn't believe it more, all office is not created equal. The notion of having the type of office product that we do, which is solely at our big mixed use development, so therefore solely driven by the retail environment effectively, that is the differentiator here along with new buildings. If there is any demand for office space, how can that not be knowing the economy, knowing the proclivities of CEOs and hiring managers, et cetera, How can that not be the best product available? We remain as confident as we've ever been. As I said, we just signed a lease. I can't disclose who it is at this point. So they tell their employees, et cetera, over at 9:15 meeting at Pike & Rose. In terms of Santana West, we're not there on anybody yet, but we remain as positive as we ever have with respect to the product. The reason I'm out here at Santana row and why we held our board meeting out here over the last couple of days was to make sure our board saw what we see in terms of the product that we are delivering here and heard from Jeff, who you will hear from here in a second in terms of this environment. You got to be about this over the middle term.
Jeff Berkes: Yes, I mean, setting 9:15 and once Santana was aside, our office portfolio is 97%, 98% leased. And the reason why it is, is because all of our office locations are amenitized, and we've been saying this for a long time, that is the new standard for having office space. If you can't offer your employees amenities, you can't keep your buildings leased. And we have amenities and space at our properties, that's why we're 97%, 98% leased. Big change out here in Silicon Valley. We talked a little bit about this last quarter. But three, six months ago, the big question here was when are we going to get people back to the office? And I think I said on last quarter's call that Apple, Google and others had made the decision to get people back right after Labor Day. And that has in fact happened. If you live or work out here, you notice it when you turn on the TV in the morning and see the traffic stacked up to get over the Bay Bridge, or you drive down 280 past Apple's headquarters, there is a line of people that get off 280 at the Apple headquarters exit. So the conversation has changed from when to what. And the what is all about what do we need in the way of space to right size our requirement and provide our employees what they are demanding, which is state-of-the-art space with state-of-the-art systems and amenities. So the confidence that Don just mentioned is because of that. And if you look around Silicon Valley, there is really only one building that's state-of-the-art with state-of-the-art amenities, and that one is Santana West. So, I wish we could say when we can't, but we remain positive on our prospects to lease that building.
Derek Johnston: All right, thank you. Well, we will stay tuned. And I guess, secondly, you mentioned Bed Bath & Beyond, can you talk about the watch list? And specifically for your portfolio, right? And how your centers and tenant exposures may differ from peers, so that it's well understood out there? And thanks guys.
Jeff Berkes: Hey, thanks Derek. Yes. No, look with the exception of Bed Bath & Beyond that's probably at the top of our list. We only have about 83 basis points of exposure to them. About 60 basis points of that is to the Bed Bath name. Other than them, nobody else is anywhere close to material in terms of folks were focused on, they were all single digit basis points of revenue. And so there is really not anything that's on the near term concern list for us. 
Don Wood: Wendy anything you want to add?
Wendy Seher: I would say, when I think about Bed Bath & Beyond, look at what we've done over the last, last three, four years or so, which is we've kind of reduced our exposure in that with them as a company, probably about four or five locations, so material. And as I look at what's left, we have three buybuy BABIES that are in good, healthy condition in terms of their productivity from the shopping centers. And we have six Bed Bath & Beyonds and one Harmon. And as I couldn't agree more with Don that although there would be some short term pain, I would be very comfortable controlling all of that real estate.
Don Wood: On average those are low rents. They are $15 or so, which given our centers again, on average is fairly low.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Goldsmith : Good evening. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. Dan, your commentary about 2023 was really helpful. I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more color about the puts and takes. It looks like G&A is going to be about $4 million higher, refinancing this 2023 bond it looks like it could be about a $5 million headwind. There's also the capitalize interest for percent had less and that's offsetting some of these factors of the growth of the portfolio. So can you just provide a little bit more detail on some of the puts and takes of 2023, so that we know kind of like where the starting point is in our model before we start to kind like model the growth upon it?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes, look, I think, you highlighted some of the color I've provided on 2023, we are going to provide more detailed, comprehensive with underlying assumptions on our February call. We're in the middle of our budgeting process. We're not done with that, that we need more visibility. And we'll have more visibility hopefully in three months. And that's when we'll give you that detailed information. And so stay tuned.
Don Wood: It's funny. I had a laugh because when we were preparing comments on what Dan was going to say for 2023, I thought he was given too much at that point. But if a heck, well try to get more out of it at this at this point, stay tuned.
Michael Goldsmith : I appreciate that. Are you able to at least provide kind of where prior period rents collected are, just so that we can kind of quantify around that?
Don Wood: Yes. I think that prior period rent, what we think about and how we're thinking about it currently is what's prior period rent that we expect to collect that's related to COVID modifications that to previous deals with tenants. That's about $8 million to $10 million this year, it's probably going to be probably in and around $5 million plus or minus. Use that as a placeholder for now. We'll have more guidance there. Certainly, a lot less impactful than it was last year in 2021 to 2022.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Mcginniss from Scotiabank. Please go ahead. 
Greg Mcginniss: Hey good afternoon, I guess. Just looking at residential, comparable occupancy saw a 50 basis point decline year-over-year. Is there any point to there? And then also what level of spreads are you seeing in the residential assets?
Don Wood: Yes, it's a great question. So you know what that's about, Greg, is about pushing rents hard, particularly of Fed Assembly. And so we were we lease that up so fast that as the turns happened, we wanted to push rents to find the equilibrium lost as a point or two of occupancy, which is just fine. It's funny when you  and going back even to Steve Sakwa's question earlier, what should this portfolio be leased at? I always say 95% or so because it's not just about leasing it up and getting the building filled. It's about making the most money with it. And so the notion of testing where the rates are, where they can be, where they should be relative to occupancy, always makes me more comfortable in the 95%, 95.5% range. For 97%, 98%, it feels like we're leaving money on the table. So there's nothing more to look into that  into it than that. Extremely strong growth, I don't have those numbers actually at either Santana or at Assembly, but they're strong.
Jeff Berkes: Yes. The year-over-year revenue growth at our stabilized property at Assembly Montage and our stabilized building here at Santana Row, it's kind of low to mid double-digits, Greg. We do have one hand tied behind that are back a bit in Montgomery County because of the rent restrictions there that were just recently lifted and we are starting to work through the rent rule in the Montgomery County assets. But where we havent been restricted, the lease trade-outs have been incredible and the year-over-year revenue growth has been incredible. Also doing a good job managing expenses over the past 12 months so residential has been a great contributor in the company.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. Thank you. And then just thinking about tenant retention and the potential for increasing occupancy, looking at this quarter, new leases represented 90 basis points of occupancy, leased rate was only up 20 basis points, though. So 70 basis points to move out during Q3, how is the tenant retention comparing to prior years? And as we look towards potentially more challenged economic environment, thinking in that context, what's driving move-outs today?
Don Wood: There's a bunch to unload in that question. And I heard something that you said that kind of that I'm not sure the premise is right. Part of the reason that you don't see occupancy going up as fast as the overall lease volume that we have is because often, we lease space for which there is already a tenant still there. And the way we think you should show it is if it was occupied before, yes, you're showing it in your lease rollover, but it's still occupied. So it's not going to change that occupancy number. That's a much bigger component than any move outs, if you will, that are diluting the occupancy number. So I kind of got caught when you said that, that got stuck in my head. It's the part of your question that I wanted to argue you about. And I'm not sure there was anything else in there for me to answer to.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Mailman of Citi. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Seth on for Craig. I just wanted to go back to your 2022 guidance and the $0.12 increase where are kind of the moving pieces in that guidance? And is there any type of onetime pieces to that?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. With regards to  we kind of feel as though our 2022 guidance for  it was just a stronger outlook for the fourth quarter, significant outperformance in the third quarter. I don't think there's necessarily onetime items in there, except for prior period rent and term fees, which really third quarter over third quarter, we're roughly modest and I don't see that. It's just stronger continued expectation that the trends that occurred and our outperformance in the third quarter will continue into the fourth quarter with regards to continued strong percentage rent, continued strength in occupancy buildup, asset in our pipeline, tenants taking possession of space and then, obviously, with some offset to a higher interest rate environment.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for the color. And then just another quick question on Page 25, and this is up on the comparable new lease summary. It looked like the cash rent spreads were 0%, but the straight line was 10%. Is that due to like the type of tenants you're leasing to? Or is there anything specific driving that?
Dan Guglielmone: Well, the difference between zero on a cash basis and 10% on a straight line are the rent bumps we're getting. And that's an important component to consider when you think about rollover is not only what is the rent you're getting at least maturity to the new market rent. But what are you collecting along the way? And so the rent bumps that you get are reflected in that straight line rent rollover number and we think that's as important the ramp-ups you get as the rollover you get at least in.
Operator: The next question comes from Hong Zhang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Hong Zhang: Yes, hey, I think you talked about how your typical lease-to-occupied spread is around 100 to 125 basis points. As we think about commencements next year, I was wondering where you think that spread could trend to by year-end.
Dan Guglielmone: That's a tough one to guide because one, it's hard to really predict where the lease rate will go. I mean, we can get a sense of when leases will commence and tenants will take possession. So we think our occupied rate should get up towards  up into the 93%, up towards into the mid-93% range.
Don Wood: By the end of the year.
Dan Guglielmone: Where  how much leasing we can continue to do from a leased percentage and what is the holes at the bottom of the bucket where that goes is a little bit more difficult for us to forecast. But we should get back to a more normalized level over time. And I think our goal is to have both components, the metrics, the occupied in lease metric continue upwards, but narrowing it over time into 2024 and 2025, probably in that time frame.
Don Wood: I do want to make another point and make sure you're getting the specific  what this is all about. The difference between signing a lease and getting rent started is all based on the tenant construction and the tenants, the permitting process, tenant coordination process. That's been one of the things that has really dogged this industry for the past three years since COVID, supply constrained environment, the logistical problems, et cetera. So really, what you want is to get that tight because what that means is the time between a signed lease and the time and that rent start is the most important thing. Yes, over COVID, that was going to be exaggerated because you were doing leases in such volume that it took time to get that rent started. But the objective should be to get that number lower and lower, not necessarily to have it as wide as it can be because that to me suggests that we're not getting tenants over. And that's really important. So Dan, answer is absolutely correctly, but I just want to make sure that you kind of get what that metric means on an overall basis and how  why it's so important for us to get it down to 100 to 125 basis points.
Hong Zhang: Yes, agreed. And it looks like you have an option to purchase the remaining interest at Escondido. I was kind of curious if you could talk about the decision to get that option and what cap rate you would think you could purchase it at right now?
Jeff Berkes: Yes, it's Jeff. We've had a partner in that asset for a very long time approaching 30 years that needed some flexibility on their exit from the asset. So we structured a deal that gave us the option should we decide to exercise it next year to go ahead and take them out. I think the cap rate that we used to value the asset was in the upper 5s. Escondida has been a great property for us over the years, one of the stronger growers in our West Coast portfolio so little bit of a win-win for everybody there.
Operator: The next question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, thanks for the time. Just curious on the guidance for same-store NOI and what has been delivered year-to-date and kind of what the exit implied is for the ex any term fees noise that's caused there, I know you raised the guidance, but just curious on what the fourth quarter implied expectation is with the upward limit of raised guidance you think about 2023?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. The number that we report, which is  includes the headwinds from term fees and prior period rents. In the fourth quarter, should be about, call it, 3% to 5%, in line with what we did this quarter at 3.7%. Our year-to-date number is 8.8%, which I mentioned, and we provided 7% to 8% for the year. So the 3% to 5% is what is implied in the fourth quarter is what is implied with the overall guidance. And obviously, that will be higher. We expect because of prior period rent continuing to be higher last year than we expected this year should be higher in the fourth quarter than that 3% to 5% range, probably more in the  something of around 5% to 6%.
Juan Sanabria: Great. Thank you. And then just  this has been asked a couple of different ways, I guess. But for the small shop tenant base, you're basically at 90%. So could you just remind us what the prior peak was, how high that could go. And like out of that small shop tenant space, what is kind of local versus national or regional tenants? And any color on that more local tenant kind of confidence in the credit behind that?
Dan Guglielmone: Look, I think weve taken advantage of the opportunity on that note. Weve taken advantage of the opportunity to improve the credit of our small shop tenant base and so forth. And Ill let Wendy answer that in a second. But let me answer the first part of your question. The peak, which was back pre-financial crisis was up around 94%, I think that 92% is kind of a reasonable targeted level that well try and achieve over time on the small shop side.
Wendy Seher: When I think about the small shops, we certainly had, like everyone did failures throughout the pandemic. And what we  what the result is, post-pandemic is a pretty savvy and experienced small shop that knows how to get through a difficult time. So I think our small shops are pretty on stable ground. Many of them have better balance sheets than theyve had before. They are quite active in making sure that theyre maintaining their locations with us and growing, and certainly weve always felt that that local tenant really brings the color and the vibrancy to the community that we need. So Im bullish on the small shops.
Don Wood: Hey, Juan, I got to add something to this. As I said, the notion of the question means that theres a premise here that local tenants are poorer credits than regional tenants. And I have a problem with the premise because what we have found is local tenants by and large do whatever they have to do to not lose their space. Theyd borrow money from families, they borrow money from other places that they have to do and they keep it going. So if history is any indication here, we would expect to Wendys point as to why the small shop, including and maybe especially the local tenant should outperform here is because of those reasons. Theyre in places that they dont want to lose those shops. So they do whatever they can to not lose that spot. Particularly coming out of COVID where there has been a complete influx in new money, in new tenancy and effectively a robust and solidified small shop basin total.
Operator: The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good evening. Don, I wanted to go back to some of the earlier cabinets you made on capital allocation. I understand youre being somewhat opportunistic selling some assets here, which looks like theyll effectively fund your active redev. But looking ahead and I know the macros uncertainty you have a future pipeline you alluded to, and theres some  probably in there with some pretty good return potential. Can you talk a bit about some of those key signals youre looking for before you start on some of those? And should we expect disposition to be the source of funding? Thanks.
Don Wood: Yes, and its a great question. And yes, I do, expect dispositions to be a key funding source of it. One of the things were talking about in looking now and its premature is its pretty incredible the value that weve created on some of the residential product that we have. And it is such a unique funding source. And again, thats at our big mixed use properties that that such a critical part to getting these places established and moving them along, and now theyre established. Well look hard at does harvesting that make any sense? And so thatll be a component thats in the consideration of how to fund. Secondly, the  when it gets to where to deploy the capital, that deploying of capital is very much dependent on a very localized look at demand. And making the case for the Assembly, life science development building, obviously, we want to see venture capital funding in a better place than it is today. Obviously, we want to understand what the cost requirements of building that are. And so, building by building, redevelopment by redevelopment very localized in terms of that decision making process. But again, the capital  the sale of particular assets, I just think we have more flexibility and more arrows in our quiver, if you will, to decide how to get that done then most.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. Great, appreciate that. And follow-up on redevs with the focus on Assembly Row where you pause the life sciences projects. Any update to share there? See you have some additional entitlements for more resi. Could we see you or perhaps would you consider prioritizing that over life sciences or anything or office there given the growth and supply in the life sciences market in Boston? Thanks.
Don Wood: No update to talk about there. At this point, I can tell you its very important to us that the entitlement process not just for that one building, but for the adjacencies to that is completed. Were working hard on that during this pause period that could give us a whole kind of leg up if you will, when we are ready to move forward again. I also very much want to see what happens next to us with the Blackstone financed life science project to the extent who they land is obviously very important to whats happening there. So the one thing I know that you can get comfortable with us is that were not formulaic in terms of those decisions. Theyre very, very much revenue-based based on whats happening around us at that particular time. So bit more time to go to see what and when there, if you will.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi. How much leasing is completed for
Don Wood: Youre cut out there, Linda.
Linda Tsai: Sorry. I said how much leasing is completed for 2023 and whats that usually like this time of the year?
Don Wood: Shes simply saying, of the 1.6 million or so, 1.7 million that weve done this year, much of that will start in 2023. Im not sure how to give an estimate effectively of that.
Dan Guglielmone: As of today, weve got about 881,000 still expiring and anchor 1.6 million or 1.7 million in total. And obviously weve got the leasing that weve got done. I dont have specifically that number. Probably makes sense, we could follow back up with you with regard to specifically how much of that specifically has been leased.
Linda Tsai: Got it. And then how much growth should we expect in property operating expenses like insurance, maintenance costs, utilities and repairs for next year?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. I think we need to kind of spend some time getting through the budgeting process, fine tuning that. Thats a tough question today for us to assess. Were in  well have that ready and done in January, and hopefully well provide some of that guidance when we provide more formal guidance on the February call.
Dan Guglielmone: Keep in mind, most of it is faster to the tenants.
Operator: The next question comes from Omotayo Okusanya with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Omotayo Okusanya: Hi. Yes, good afternoon, everyone. Just kind of given the overall concern of moving into a slower economic cycle, wondering if you could give us any color in regards to what you are seeing in regards to how your customer base is behaving specifically like office. Are they asking for shorter leases? Are they asking for more flexibility in the leases? Are you starting to see more price sensitivity on the apartment side? Just kind of curious, if you could just kind of give us some color about tenant behavior at this point versus say, six to 12 months ago.
Don Wood: Yes, Id say its all good stuff that youre asking about. And let me go for a few things that that Ive noticed along the way. There  on the retail side, very little difference in behavior in terms of getting those leases  the desirability of getting the space, and thats why the pipeline looks as strong as it does. The question there is, it always comes down to whats the construction of the space going to cost? And because thats uncertain now in a period of inflation that flows down the process a little bit. And so, from a behavioral perspective, does it  will it take longer to get leases done? Thats a potential effect of trying to underwrite construction costs primarily, but not got nothing to do with demand. Its got everything to do with the math of getting that done. In terms of the apartment side, youre in a period of time here in the markets were at where interest rates and home mortgage is going to where they are, make apartments look awfully, awfully attractive. Its why youre seeing the demand that were seeing. I just went to the numbers here at Santana Row. Its incredible in terms of the strength of the consumer here as it relates to apartment spending and again, the same thing over in Boston with respect to the product that were offering there. So, for me it always comes down to does that consumer have the means to consume? I can tell you, weve got a couple of shopping centers that are  where the demographics are below $75,000 of household income. There is no doubt in our mind that those shopping centers struggle more than the ones that have $150,000 and $160,000 of consumer  of household income. So from our standpoint, this is a portfolio thats very high quality. We certainly have a couple of shopping centers, a few shopping centers at the lower end, and theres a demonstrable difference, so thats how I kind of look at the consumer.
Omotayo Okusanya: Anything on the apartment side?
Don Wood: Yes, the whole last 6 minutes of the conversation. No, no, very strong demand.
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Don Wood: Yep. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Leah Brady for closing remarks.
Leah Brady: We look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT. Please reach out to me with any meeting request. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode, a question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host Leah Brady. You may begin. 
Leah Brady: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G., Jeff Berkes, Wendy Seher and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results, including guidance. Although Federal Realty believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued this morning, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. Given the number of participants on the call, we kindly ask you to limit yourself to one question and an appropriate follow-up during the Q&A portion of the call. If you have additional questions, please requeue. And with that, I will turn our call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our second quarter results. Don?
Don Wood: Thanks, Leah and good morning, everyone. An all-time record quarter for us in a number of important respects, none more important than bottom line earnings. At $1.65 per share of FFO, the 2022 second quarter handly beat our previous record of $1.60 posted three years ago in the second quarter of 2019. Even when adjusting for COVID one-timers, second quarter FFO per share matched that previous high watermark. Lots of things going very well here at Federal. We did more deals both on a comparable basis and overall in those 90 days than we've ever done in our company's 60-year history. We continue to lease up our development pipeline and increase our occupancy percentage. We ended the quarter at 94.1% leased. We've added multiple new strategic properties to our portfolio that have clear paths to future growth. And our balance sheet remains strong with $177 million of cash on hand and zero drawn on our $1 billion line of credit at quarter end. As we've been saying all along, the execution of our multifaceted business plan, which in these uncertain times does not rely on a big bet on any one particular income stream, continues to set us up extremely well for the future. The quality of our assets, combined with our sector-leading demographics and high barrier markets tend to outperform through economic cycles as has been the case every time in the last 25 years. So check this out because we did just get new demographic data in as of August 1. So within three miles of our centers, there are 175,000 people on average, that's 68,000 households, 68,000 households, right? $150,000 of average household income. That equates to $10.2 billion of spending power within three miles of our shopping centers. And more than half of those people have a four-year college degree or better. Who else can say that? It's about that spending power that's critical in uncertain times in my view. And cyclicality of the economy is far different than the unprecedented restricted market shutdown due to a global pandemic. They're different. Perhaps the best way we can demonstrate our confidence in the portfolio is by standing behind and in fact raising our dividend to shareholders just as we have each and every year since 1967 -- 1967. That's 55 years a totally unprecedented track record among REITs and among most companies in any industry, one that speaks to the commitment to our owners and to the quality of the income stream. At an annualized rate of $4.32 a share, that's a 4.1% dividend yield at the current share price pretty darn strong for a company of this quality. Okay. Let's start with leasing during the quarter. Over the last decade average second quarter production for comparable properties at Federal meant doing a little less than 100 deals for just over 400,000 square feet. In the 2022 second quarter, we did 132 deals for 562,000 square feet nearly 40% more than the average. And we've never come close to doing 132 deals in any quarter. But the fact that demand has remained this heated with a deal pipeline that looks to stay strong, speaks volumes about our properties and the markets that they're in and naturally about future earnings growth. So, one of the reasons Dan is again raising annual earnings guidance $0.23 at the midpoint. So, one of the more underappreciated phenomena of the strong demand is that, we're able to be more proactive in terms of leasing space that's not yet vacant. While that leasing doesn't immediately show in the occupancy stats, it will mean, less downtime in the future and shopping centers that are merchandised with more relevant tenants sooner than they would otherwise be. The portfolio was 94.1% leased and 92% occupied at quarter's end with continued improvements expected by year-end particularly on the small shop side. At 89.3% leased, small shop space is a remarkable 580 basis points higher than the COVID low-point. Our stepped-up post-COVID reinvestment effort is another critical component to future growth. It's no news to anyone on this call that the traditional generic and homogenous shopping center business is cyclical in nature and not a high-growth business. So you have to stand out to outperform over cycles. You do that by picking the right markets and positioning and merchandising in those markets, but you also have to reinvest to continually find the edge. Reinvesting is more important now than ever before. It's why we have nearly two dozen active and meaningful development projects in planning or underway totaling over $100 million this year and next which will likely yield double-digit un-levered yields over the ensuing years through higher customer traffic and rents, in line with our historically observed results following property improvement projects. That reinvestment is one of the primary reasons we can continue to push rents. Leasing has been exceptionally strong at our newly development assets also, from the completion of CocoWalk, to the office projects at Pike & Rose, to the residential over retail at Darien and to the residential and office Phase 3 at Assembly Row each of these additions have exceeded our post-COVID expectations in terms of lease-up pace. In the case of the residential product at Assembly that's exceeded in both pace and rental rate. Now the one exception is Santana West and there's no question that the cooling of the technology sector in the last 90 days both in terms of their stock prices and getting employees back into the office has been a wet blanket on what had been strong leasing momentum. It has therefore been difficult to bring fully negotiated deals over the transom. Disappointing yes, but important proper perspective having a brand-new state-of-the-art office building adjacent to one of the most successful amenity-rich destinations in the tech capital of the country, isn't so bad. Particularly, since it only represents about 2% of Federal's asset value and will be an important driver of future growth when it hits. It's a matter of time. Stay tuned. We've also remained active on the acquisition front. Following the end of the quarter, we completed the All-Cash acquisitions of two very special properties in two of the markets where we're focused on expansion. The Shops at Pembroke Gardens a 392,000 square foot dominant retail center on 41 acres at the corner of I-75 and Pines Boulevard in Pembroke, Pines, Florida, as an important asset to our portfolio eight miles south and west of our equally dominant Tower Shop Center in Davy and 20 miles north of our newly completed and highly acclaimed CocoWalk mixed-use destination in Coconut Grove. Our ability to remerchandise and push rents potentially add density down the road and fortify federal as a must talk to player in South Florida, were all considered in this important acquisition. The $180 million purchase will generate better than 5% return in year one with a very strong going forward NOI growth that will produce an IRR well in excess of our cost of capital. Across the country in Scottsdale, Arizona, we were able to acquire the 214,000 square foot office building directly adjacent to our Hilton Village, property giving us over 1/3 of a mile of continuous -- contiguous frontage on Scottsdale Road, immediately across the main entrance to Paradise Valley, the region's most affluent in our view underserved community. The integration and rebranding of these properties as one along with the proximity of work home and retail and restaurant amenities in this post-COVID environment is expected to allow us to create a seamless modern environment that will support greater rents and higher long-term occupancy. This $54 million acquisition will yield 6% in year one. And like Pembroke is expected to provide very strong NOI growth that will produce an IRR well in excess of our cost of capital. These two acquisitions along with the previously announced 410,000 square foot Kingstown Shopping Center, in Northern Virginia represent a combined investment of $435 million at a 5.25% yield in year one and more importantly very strong IRRs on three dominant retail destinations in three particularly fast-growing markets from a good jobs perspective. Okay. It's about it from my prepared remarks this morning though I want to leave you with one final thought before turning it over to Dan. Investing decisions grow tougher as economic uncertainty increases and real estate investing is clearly a cyclical business. It's why the underlying business plan of this company has always contemplated cycles in its investment strategy. These are the times when well-leased well-located dominant retail and mixed-use centers in supply-constrained affluent densely populated markets and submarkets shine. Whatever it is to come economically over the next couple of years Federal is well positioned to outperform. Dan?
Dan G.: Thank you, Don and good morning, everyone. As Don outlined, the record $1.65 per share reported FFO for this quarter blew way our expectations and consensus by over 10%. As in the first quarter our outperformance was across all aspects of our business continued gains in small shop occupancy; stronger performance in our residential portfolio; surging parking revenues and gains in percentage rent; underscoring continued momentum in consumer traffic and tenant sales; higher collections than forecast both in the current and prior period; and larger term fees, offset by higher G&A and interest expense. While some of these items can be considered timing related or nonrecurring, the Lion's share of this outperformance is driven by continued strength in our in-place portfolio which drove another increase in our guidance. Let me spend a little time here, highlighting some metrics, which demonstrate this strength, led by our dominant mixed-use properties. Near-record parking revenues, a strong indicator of consumer traffic at our mixed-use assets was a near record $3 million for the quarter, up 80% over second quarter 2021 levels and up 25% sequentially over the first quarter. Percentage rent, an indicator of tenant sales strength was up over 90% on a comparable basis and up 18% sequentially on a rolling 12-month average. With respect to specific tenant sales metrics, at Assembly Row, reported tenant sales were up 13% over 2019 pre-COVID levels and are up 10% sequentially on a rolling 12-month basis versus first quarter. At Santana Row, tenant sales were up 13% over 2019 with traffic up despite the impact from work from home. The Pedestaro [ph] tenant sales were up 9% over 2019. And Pike & Rose reported sales are up over 5% and versus 2019 levels with consumer traffic of almost 10%. These data points all serve as a testament to the relative strength of the consumer in our high income, highly educated densely populated high barrier markets. Again, markets that have demonstrated resilience over cycles and the ability to outperform during cyclical downturns. Very different than the pandemic-related market-specific government shutdown. As a result, our comparable portfolio growth metric was again sector-leading at 8.2% for the quarter. Comparable growth excluding prior period rent and term fees was 9.5%. As we highlighted last quarter, a cash basis same-store metric would have been 9% and 10.5% excluding prior period rent and term fees. Term fees this quarter were actually up, up to $5.6 million versus $3.4 million in 2021. Prior period rent was down to $3 million versus $6 million in the second quarter of 2021 as adjusted to reflect only COVID-19-related prior period rent payments. Year-over-year, occupancy results were also strong, as our overall occupied metric grew 240 basis points year-over-year from 89.6% to 92% and our lease percentage increased 140 basis points from 92.7% to 94.1%. We should continue to see upside in those metrics, as we realistically target 94% to 95% for occupied and 95% to 96% for leased. As we have now had eight consecutive quarters of above-average leasing activity, we are continuing to see strength and we're continuing to see strength in our leasing pipeline as it's never been this full. The volume of deals in process are up 15% versus pre-COVID 2019 levels and are as strong as they were last year at this time when we had a record year of leasing volume. While deals in the pipeline still need to be brought to completion, demand is broad-based across tenant categories as best-in-class retailers all look to expand and upgrade their real estate footprints within Federal's best-in-class portfolio. And again, we had strong, solid quarter achieving sector-leading rent bumps. And we continue to drive average annual contractual increases in the 2% to 2.5% range across all our leases anchor and small shop. Now let's review the math once again. For every one percentage point more in annual rent bumps, the ending rents in year 10 will be 9%-plus higher over a 10-year lease, plus you are collecting more rent along the way. Contractual rent increases do matter. With respect to our residential portfolio, it now stands at 98.5% leased on a comparable lease basis, and 97% leased overall when you include the new 500-unit Mocella building at Assembly Row, which we expect to stabilize this quarter. We hadn't expected Mocella to stabilize until late fourth quarter and it is now achieving higher rents and lower concessions than we had underwritten. And despite this competition from the new 500 units next door, our existing Montage residential tower at Assembly is almost 100% leased and saw a 23% rental increases during the second quarter. Now on to the balance sheet and an update on our liquidity. At June's quarter end, we had $1.2 billion of total liquidity with an undrawn $1 billion revolver and $177 million of cash. Additionally, we have over $400 million of non-core dispositions under consideration with pricing expectations at a blended cap rate in the sub-5% cap range. We closed out our remaining forward equity this quarter, issuing $177 million of common stock at a net price of $120 per share further bolstering our liquidity. With respect to our leverage metrics at quarter end, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is now down to 5.8 times annualized for the quarter as we continue to target a ratio in the low to mid-five times range over time. Our fixed charge coverage ratio increased to 4.3 times comfortably above our targeted level, and 93% of our outstanding debt remains fixed rate. Our significantly derisked $700 million of in-process pipeline of active redevelopments has $340 million remaining to spend, much of that being tenant improvement dollars tied to tenant leases. Now on to guidance. Given the comprehensive outperformance during the quarter across all aspects of our business, we are increasing our guidance by roughly 4%. That's $0.23 at the midpoint to a tightened range of $6.10 to $6.25. $0.01 to $0.02 of the $0.23 increase is from our recent purchase of Scottsdale Forum in Phoenix and Pembroke Gardens in South Florida and their roughly half year contribution to 2022. The balance is from another quarter's outperformance and a better than forecast outlook for the rest of the year in both the comparable and noncomparable pools. This guidance assumes ranges of $1.48 to $1.55 of FFO per share for both the third and fourth quarters, which reflects an increase over our previous guidance for those quarters. We are also bumping our forecast for comparable POI growth to 5.5% to 7% from the prior range of 3.5% to 5%, a 200 basis point increase for the metric. Excluding prior period rents and term fees, our comparable POI forecast increases to 7.5% to 9% from the prior range of 6.5% to 8%. While the cadence may be a little choppy, we continue to expect our occupied rate decline from 92%, where it is today, up into the 92.5% to 93% range by year-end. As we continue to get tenants open, on time and on budget overall, a testament to the capability of our legal leasing, tenant coordination and property operating teams. Now I don't want to just highlight those specific groups at Federal, let me take a little bit of time to thank and congratulate all 320 employees at Federal for their tremendous effort over the last two-plus years working intelligently, creatively and tirelessly through an unprecedented -- the unprecedented challenges of COVID, but also for driving to achieve a record quarter in funds from operations for the company. For many of us here at Federal, it really means something to be part of a company that stands alone in the REIT sector with a 60-year public history coupled with a 55-year track record of increasing dividends. In celebration of both of those milestones, members of the Federal team will be ringing the closing bell of the New York Stock Exchange this afternoon. And lastly, during the quarter, we released our annual corporate responsibility report. It's available on our website. I encourage all to give it a read to appreciate the long-standing and established commitment to sustainability, our communities, our corporate culture and our strong governance practices that we have at Federal. And with that operator, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning. Goldfarb. First, enjoy the bell rings today. And Don, I have to say your decision during the pandemic to not cut the dividend certainly paid off. So that's the decision on your part, but I guess well done. Two questions here. First, as you guys are looking certainly you've expanded into Arizona, into Florida, what's going on with the tenants as far as -- are there regional tenants which you would have normally seen in like your home base is in New York or Bethesda Mid-Atlantic or San Francisco et cetera that really aren't down in Florida or Phoenix and you see an opportunity to bring tenants down where people who used to live in your home markets have moved down, or is your view that because the country has become so sort of homogenous that there's less opportunity and as people move to new markets, it's not as though they're really missing that many of their home stores or home restaurants or whatever it is?
Don Wood: Listen Alex first of all, I got to really thank you for that comment on the dividend because we in this company believe what you just said in terms of its importance more than a lot of people for whatever reason. So yeah, we're real proud to have be able to raise the dividend every year since 1967 and that includes COVID. With respect to the question on demand and regionalization of tenancies, there are absolutely tenants that are looking for new markets to expand into and particularly the well-capitalized companies to be able to do so. What is always important to us, and I know you've heard this before, but it's so true is the merchandising of those centers. So when you look at CocoWalk and you look at the mix of regional tenants, but also really important local tenants that make the place special. The secret sauce is the mix that happens. And yes, we will have success effectively getting any particular tenant, with the wherewithal to be able to demand to the extent, we can show them a profitable opportunity in a new market. And I think we can do that. I think we do that well. Jeff? 
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. Alex, it's a bit of a two-way street, particularly between Arizona and California. And what we found during the last year or so since we've been in Arizona, there are relationships our leasing people in California can bring to the leasing team that's running our Arizona properties. And in addition, particularly in the food space, whether it's Quickserve, or sit down, or some other type of specialty food, there are some really good operators in the Phoenix Scottsdale market that we're now closing to our California portfolio. So it is a two-way street. Some real advantages, there to the expansion.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And the second question is, Don you mentioned, Santana West looks to be sort of on pause as far as the leasing and what's going on with tech. Elsewhere in your portfolio, where you have office are you seeing a similar slowdown or an acceleration as more people look to work remotely or work in suburban settings? Just curious, if Santana West is a read-through to the entire portfolio or stands in contrast to the portfolio?
Don Wood: Yeah, it's a great question. And the two places in particular, where we continue to lease up office products both at Pike & Rose, and at Assembly, nothing has changed. They are  there is still that strong demand and we're running out of product. At the Choice building, which is the one that Choice has taken about 40% of the building for, we've got really good activity moving along in the rest of that building and that feels great. And just one other comment on Santana West man, Short Silicon Valley gets our own part. The  there's no question that a pause caused by getting people back to work, and what's that going to be, and what our space needs are going to be at the same time, those stocks have been hammered. I mean you as a CEO, any of us a CEO would sit back and take pause about that. But when you think about that particular product in that particular place and what is likely to happen, you have to be positive about that. I don't know, Jeff, you got anything really to say further on that.
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. Let me add a little bit to that, Alex. And let me also maybe clean up a bit, where you started too. You mentioned San Francisco is one of the markets we're in. We're not in San Francisco. We're in Silicon Valley, and there's a big difference between the two. And a lot of people read headlines on watching news, and hear about things that are happening in San Francisco, and attribute it to the whole Bay Area and this. Yeah, it's just not accurate, if you will. San Francisco is still struggling mightily through some social issues that are making a return to office and office leasing very difficult. And that's not really, the case in Silicon Valley. And we're not taking a pause on leasing, if you will. We're out there working as hard as we can to lease a building as quickly as we can. Year-to-date the Silicon Valley Class A office market has absorbed 2.8 million square feet of space, vacancy is 12%. If you include sublease space, I think it goes up to 14%, which historically for Silicon Valley is not great but nationally, those aren't bad numbers. And last quarter, there was 1.8 million square feet of positive net absorption and four big leases between 150,000 and 380,000 square feet that accounted for 1.1 million square feet, of that positive net absorption. So I think what's happening now is -- and it's going to be choppy for a few quarters, and I think we're probably going to see more sublease space come to market. The companies are really struggling with a way to get their employees back to work, and figure out what the appropriate locations and space needs, are for those employees. And I think we're going to see some downsizing -- and perversely, that might work to our advantage in Santana Row. You remember NetApp, took 700 Santana Row, because they downsized out of multiple buildings that were not state-of-the-art, and not fully amenitized. And there's other tenants in the market right now, that are thinking about doing the same thing. And when you look at one Santana West, it is the only way fully amenitized Class A, building of size in Silicon Valley. So well I think, it's like Don said, disappointing that we're not leased yet. We're working hard on it, and we're confident about it. And when you step back and look at the rest of our portfolio, excluding one Santana West and 915 Meeting Street, which is still under construction, our Class A office space and our other office space and our mixed-use properties, is 95% plus leased. There is a very strong positive reaction, whether you're a small tenant or a large tenant to officing in properties, that offer a full range of amenities close to where you live, which is why we bought for down in Scottsdale. We can talk about that further, if you want but I just wanted to make sure you got the full kind of detail on the, what's going on in the portfolio and our thinking going forward on one Santana West. 
Operator: Thank you Our next question is from Craig Schmidt with BofA. Please proceed with your question
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. Good morning. I'm just wondering, if the second quarter results are really highlighting the difference in dealing with the COVID market pressure, versus dealing with a challenging interest rate and inflationary market pressure? The former, you have very little control, but the latter would seem like whether it's your first ring demographics, or the qualities of your center you're able to put up more of a challenge to it. 
Don Wood: Thanks Craig, for the question. And look man, consumers have to be able to consume. And at the end of the day, that means you got to have money to spend. That means, there's got to be great product out there. What I think is really -- and obviously I think, this about federal is that we don't go all in on any one particular format. We don't go all in on, any one particular market. . And so the notion of, the sector-leading demos. I mean, I've said in the prepared remarks, think about this, $10.2 billion worth of spending power, within three miles of this portfolio's assets. That's a crazy big number. And so does that help you work through good times and bad times and higher interest rates and inflationary pressures? Of course it does. It's not a leap. And I think that's got more to do with this performance and the performance that whatever that might be over the next few quarters or a few years than anything else. 
Craig Schmidt: And what are you hearing from your tenants that are taking space now? The challenge being there's a possible recession soft or otherwise. We still haven't solved inflation and yet they're taking space. So, what are they telling you that they're seeing that gives them the confidence?
Don Wood: Do you want to do that? 
Wendy Seher: Sure. Thanks Craig. Basically during COVID and post-COVID, the retailers confirmed that their greatest customer acquisition tool is the right location. And so they are focused on that to set the stage for growth continuing, especially with more relevant tenants and the savvy tenants and there's a sense of urgency in getting the right real estate. And we're seeing that in our performance, we're seeing that in our pipeline, and we're seeing it on our varied shopping center opportunities that we have with all -- it's not just value-based, it's not just service-based, it's all across the sector full-paced apparel and value as well. So, we are seeing that sense of urgency on setting their fleet in the right direction for the growth and being able to go through what is normal cycles and being able to mitigate that downside. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Craig Mailman with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Mailman: Hey good morning. I just wanted to go back to the leasing during the quarter in the pipeline. Looking at the stats you guys had a healthy amount of renewals there. I'm just kind of curious from a tenant perspective, how much of that is being pulled forward as tenants want to lock in rates today in anticipation of maybe higher rents in the future? And how you're balancing that financial tenant mix and credit versus kind of downtime of re-tenanting?
Wendy Seher: Yes, I think what you're -- I don't know that I focus 100% from quarter-to-quarter on renewal rates and whether they're slightly up or slightly down because they all have a way of working themselves out throughout the year. But what I will say is that we are seeing a tremendous amount of retailers within our portfolio that want to had those discussions a little bit earlier because they want to invest in their store. They want to make sure that they have the term because they see the value of the real estate long-term. They want to invest and that's -- we're seeing it as a very positive momentum and we're also investing in a big way in our shopping centers. So, the partnership together has been very strong.
Jeff Berkes: And it is a robust discussion. There's obviously tension, particularly, in an inflationary environment where we're pushing hard to get the kind of increases during the term that Dan talked about in his prepared remarks and not give an excessive amount of term when we're in an environment like this. So, it's a healthy conversation. It's not unusual. Every lease negotiation is tense and Wendy and her team and the folks on the West Coast do a really good job of balancing everything they need to balance to make sure we have the right people in our properties that are investing in their operations and we're getting the best economic deal possible. 
Don Wood: I guess, Craig the only thing I would add to that and I do think this is such an important component of the negotiations are the bumps during the term of the lease. And I mean, I know, Dan goes through the math of what it means, but when you think about inflationary time and being able to push three and sometimes four and sometimes better annual bumps into the lease that getting that along the way is a whole lot better than sitting there and looking at a flat lease and maybe getting 7% after five years or something like that. So I don't know the best way that you can understand that or compare that. I don't think we found a good way that that can be compared, but I know it's a critical focus of the company. And because the real estate is really good we have probably more success that way than you would otherwise think. 
Craig Mailman: That's helpful. And then just a guidance question. The lease term fees in the quarter looked like they added a couple of pennies on a sequential basis. Kind of, what's the impact of that in the full year guidance raise? I mean what are you expecting the back half of the year? 
Dan G.: The back half of the year, I think, is probably back -- looking back to the last year in line with our last year's performance in the second half of the year. We're ahead. We're probably $0.02 to $0.03 ahead in terms term piece and that's reflected in the guidance.
Craig Mailman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question. 
Samir Khanal: Hey, Dan. Can you help us walk through, sort of, the 2023 growth at this time? On the one side you've done a great job on the leasing front right? The leased versus occupied that pipeline is pretty solid here. But on the other hand, you have potential headwinds from closures. Santana West it seems like maybe getting pushed out a little bit here on the timing perspective. I guess how are you thinking about growth today versus a few months ago? 
Dan G.: Look I think that we've have been really pleasantly surprised with how strong the performance has been. This is the first time I've been here since my six years at Federal where we increased guidance to this magnitude in consecutive quarters. We've increased to $0.10 one quarter and then $0.23 the next. The $0.05 to $0.10 guideposts that we provided previously we're off of previously lower guidance. I feel comfortable with that guidance with kind of where 2023 is off of that. I think we're going to take a step back with regards to 2023 and provide formal guidance at the normal timing. We still expect to see strong internal growth in our portfolio, but we'll provide more detailed formal guidance at the appropriate time in line with the industry in February. 
Samir Khanal: Okay. Thanks for that. And I guess Don just on the acquisition of Pembroke Gardens and with the 41 acres that comes with that property just curious is the near-term goal more of a merchandising play at this point? Just trying to figure out the near term and maybe kind of what the long-term focus is on that just initial views?
Don Wood: Yeah. There is -- this piece of land is what made us so darn interested in this thing. If you kind of see where Pines Boulevard and I-75 come together, there is no good product out there. There is -- there are amazing traffic counts. And so we love what we've got in place albeit you will see remerchandising as the primary way we create value over the next few years. Having said that and you know as well as I do, big pieces of land things happen that you can't underwrite initially. And I know if you go and spend some time at the property and the surrounds and you look at housing stock around there, you understand the traffic patterns, I think you'd be salivating for the possibilities over the mid and longer term even beyond the remerchandising of the asset. But that's what it would be for now, Samir.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Thanks for the time. Just wanted to touch -- go back and apologies if I missed this. Is there any update in terms of the rent bumps you are getting in the strong leasing environment with regards to what you have on the books and have historically achieved?
Don Wood: I don't know if I'm allowed to say this or not, so I'm looking at Dan and Melissa, because we do try to take an accounting if you will of how many of our leases have 3% bumps, 4% bumps, flat, whatever is happening internally in the leases. And I can tell you that over the past two years basically, what's happened coming out of COVID not the beginning part of COVID but coming out of COVID that the percentage of our deals that are -- that now have stronger than 3% bumps is up about 20% from where it was. So the notion of being able to do more of those deals, which is bringing up the overall portfolio to over 2% annual bumps as Dan said before. So the trend is in the right direction and it's been a major focus.
Juan Sanabria: Great. And then just on the Phoenix office acquisition, I was just hoping you could maybe spend a little bit more time on outlining a plan there and how that's integral to retail and if that's going to be redeveloped as well potentially down the track?
Don Wood: Yeah, let me give you a couple of things. I'm sure Jeff will have more on this. But I personally couldn't be more excited about this. First of all Hillan Village, which we bought last year, I guess a little more than that now at this point. We just see very strong re-leasing potential to make it much more of a specialty shopping center with a higher end tenant because of where it is. Our first 12 months of leasing or so there has validated that that's what's happening. So with respect to that first acquisition, we are more than pleased with the basic thesis for buying it. When this office building adjacent to it, which is a very attractive office building, but frankly lease in a very pedestrian way, we think we can do the same thing on the office side to make it way cooler to the right type of tenant base that would -- that's the same tenant base that we're aiming for in the adjacent retail property, putting those two things together, especially in a post-COVID environment where individuals and companies in the area are looking to be closer to home with an amenitized environment we feel like there's great upside all while yielding over a 6% yield while we do that. So, I love the idea of being able to not to take our vision for the retail and effectively expand and integrate what it is with the office building which really is building directly adjacent to it. That's the thesis for what we're trying to do here.
Jeff Berkes: Yes. Juan, it's Jeff. And I'll just add a couple of things. One, owning those properties together is synergistic in both directions. So, we can certainly offer the office tenants. The amenities of Hilton Village is we make the project look and feel like one project and market them together and upgrade the merchandising and food offering at Hilton Village, like Don mentioned. But on the office building is also good for Hilton Village, because we just picked up a ton of parking that we can use nights and weekends to support more intensive uses at Hilton Village. So that's great. And then second, just kind of on a stand-alone basis, when you think about Forum, we bought Forum for roughly 60%, 65% of replacement cost, 85% leased at rents that are probably 10% to 15% below market, with a weighted average lease term of less than five years. So, by upgrading the building and applying creative intensive leasing effort to it, we think we can really bring those numbers up and make the return much, much better than it is today. So, on its own, we think we made a real great real estate deal. There's a couple of buildings in that market that traded recently. We're a local developer that's done something similar to kind of Class B, B-minus buildings and much, much lesser location than Scottsdale Road across the street from Paradise Valley and those buildings sold basically a replacement cost at sub-5% caps recently. So we think the institutional investment market appreciates real estate like this, and we think we made a very good buy and really happy to have it. And like I said, when I was answering Alex's question, we've proved multiple times now that amenitizing office space making a great space and having it in close proximity to decision-making -- decision maker housing is a real win for us. So, just really happy with the deal.
Operator: Our next question is from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Hi, there. Hi. Good morning. Don, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about how being an all-cash acquirer has given you maybe an edge in the acquisition market here in terms of maybe [indiscernible] closed? And is that something you expect to be able to continue to use for advantage near term? And I noticed that there aren't any acquisitions contemplated in the second half guide here, curious, what if anything is interesting or perhaps under discussion out there? Thanks.
Jeff Berkes: Yes. Hey, Haendel. It's Jeff, again. We are obviously in a market where there's less certainty than there used to be. So, having the ability to close all cash and not have to tap the secured mortgage markets is definitely an advantage as a buyer. That combined with really a two-decade track record here of being very transparent with an intermediary and an owner about what we'll do and what we won't do and how things are going along the way and ultimately doing what we say we will do, gets us deals and gets us deals at better prices than other people have to pay. So we kind of like the type of market we're in right now. We think there's going to be more opportunities but I'll let Dan answer questions about our go-forward guidance on that. 
Don Wood: Before you do, I want to add one thing to that Haendel, and I really do think this is important. We've talked about this in the past. When you look  when you have multiple ways to grow and you don't want to rely on any one thing you don't turn those switches on and off. And when it comes to acquisitions, this is one of those examples, where yes, you can turn it down, when there's uncertainty of the pricing or turning up when effectively you think you can get a good deal. But it is that ability to be in the markets regularly, not just on the publicly marketed stuff. In fact, hardly in the publicly marketed stuff but the ability to do what you said you were going to do. When you turn that off for a couple of years and turn it back on, it's not much different than the dividend in our view then you are looked at differently than when a seller knows you're going to be there and do what you say you're going to do. So I think that is as much of an advantage as being an all-cash buyer is in fact I think it's more important. Sorry, Danny go ahead. 
Dan G.: No. With respect to guidance, we do have a pipeline and we do expect to be active on the acquisition front but be disciplined, but we don't provide guidance for speculative acquisitions or dispositions, when they happen we update guidance to reflect that. So yes, there's no forward-looking acquisition or disposition impact on the guidance we have.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Got it. Thanks. And maybe one more just on the slow rent. You've been able to get them  I guess the stores open on time, get the store rent in. I guess, I'm curious if you're seeing any signs of the delays from labor shortage supply concerned. And on restaurants and particularly, some concerns in certain pointers about getting some of the equipment in place, which could be impacting the timing of certain things. Thanks.
Don Wood: Haendel, it's a great question and it's been a critical focus and frankly a worry of mine for the past year and half or a little bit more. I don't exactly know beyond more beyond our approach to it. Why it has not been the problem that I worried it was going to be but it has not been. We found alternate solutions. In a number of cases it's been job number one for the operating team, the tenant coordination team. The ability to effectively do things different than the lease contemplated in order to get a restaurant open or a store open have been critically important tools. And that again is a relationship part of our business. It's a critical part to it. And so when I look at have we been hitting our opening dates. The answer to that is yes, we have. And it was the single biggest thing I was worried about coming into 2022. So it's been handled I think pretty darn well, even though the spector of delays, kitchen equipment and other things is certainly still out there.
Dan G.: I think it's evident in our in our metrics. The fact that with record leasing volume, we're tightening our spread between leased and occupied. So we're getting tenants open. And I think that's again in my prepared remarks I mentioned and gave a shout out to the strength of our legal leasing, tenant coordination and property operating teams they've been really successful on average getting tenants open on time and in many cases ahead of time and on budget.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. You called out the strength of parking revenues and percentage rents. Has that continued into August? And how sustainable is the run rate achieved in the second quarter?
Dan G: Well, we would expect kind of given traffic in July was strong as well where we have parking revenues coming in. we hope that it continues to be sustainable. I mean, I think, the traffic volumes at our big mixed-use properties where we can charge parking revenues. We see that being a consistent source at least through the balance of the year.
Don Wood: Michael I think the only thing I would add to that is -- so where it comes from as Dan just said, are only a few of our properties and they're the big ones. And the -- if you think about those properties particularly Pike & Rose and Assembly Row those properties have matured into critical places in their communities. So it's not just about coming out of COVID. It's about these are now community centers if you will. And so I would expect the traffic comparisons period over period to continue to increase. As we've seen -- we've seen in July too, obviously, we're in the beginning of August. So we've seen that same thing at Pike & Rose and Assembly in July, relative to the July of 2019. So I'm very much positive or hopeful that it will continue.
Michael Goldsmith: That's helpful. And my follow-up is, just given the strength of all of these factors that you've noted, how should we pair that with the implied same-store property NOI growth guidance for low single digits in the back half?
Dan G: Well, I think the comparison or kind of the implied slowdown in the second half of the year is really difficult comps in the second half of the year plus, the week of prior period rent and kind of a pretty modest forecast for turn fees in the second half of the year. Hopefully we can outperform that but I think that -- those are the big headwinds particularly prior period rent. We've got some pretty tough comps in the third quarter and even fourth quarter of last year.
Operator: Our next question is from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Derek Johnston: Hi everyone. Thank you. I'll try to get creative most of what I wrote down was asked. So your 2022 equity issuance guidance, I think it moved back to $350 million at the midpoint from $450 million last quarter. Just wondering, if anything drove that? I mean, does it the share price related, or should we read through that maybe 2022 acquisitions are pretty baked in at this point?
Dan G.: Yeah, I think with regards to -- we are making progress and we've kind of pivoted and I think elevated our discussions and our activity on the disposition front. And given the visibility we have kind of as the year goes along, I think that dispositions can serve as a surrogate for kind of raising equity. And given that visibility, we're tempering kind of the expectation of raising equity, plus given where we're -- our equity has been traded. So, we've raised the lion-share of what we expected at a very strong blended price. We basically contracted for that all last year in 2021, when our stock price was obviously at a different time. Really pleased that we did. And I think it positions us -- we look to be very balanced in how we approach financing the business and feel very, very fortunate that we're as well positioned to continue through with the equity that we raised over there throughout COVID. 
Derek Johnston: Okay. Great. Thanks Dan. So, some investor pushback, I hear on federal and has always been the high ABR, right? But despite the economic backdrop right and really even more importantly elevated vacancies across your peer set, you've continued to grow rents. So how do you kind of respond to that? What is it really attributable to? And anything -- any thoughts there I think are helpful. 
Mike Ennes: Tenants need to make money. Rent is one component of their expense structure, to the extent they're doing the volumes and trading value, they'll pay the rent. And with us it's not just about, beating on that tenant for rent we are partners. And so, the notion of making that shopping center or a mixed-use property, the best place the go-to place is just a critical part to what we do.  I mean if you think about it Derek, the 580 basis points increase since the bottom of COVID in terms of small shop occupancy, up almost 600 basis points. That is only because there is demand from people who have a chance to get into a federal center who could not get into it before because of the high occupancy and are willing to pay that because they're going to make money when they pay that. It's really not much more than that and I know there's always focus on our ABR. I've been here 25 years there was focused on our ABR, 25 years ago. It's -- they're better assets man. And those tenants can make money at those levels. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ki Bin Kim with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question. 
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks and good morning. A quick one first. What has your retention ratio been historically? And where do you see that for the remainder of the year? 
Dan G.: Yes. I think historically it's kind of been in and around 65%, 70%, but we have seen better this year, better retention rates north of 80%. So, we're pleased with that. Tenants have been successful at our centers. They want to stay they want to renew they want to exercise options and they want to continue to make money. 
Ki Bin Kim: And going back to that previous question about profitability I mean that makes sense, right? It's not just sales yet to be profitable. Any high-level metrics you can share in terms of how much more profitable, do you think tenants can be at your centers versus some other centers on a just low rent basis? Yes, just trying to get a sense of what -- how much mode of safety there is for tenants to continue to pay these higher rents?
Don Wood : We keep in. I'm just looking at Wendy's here, because I don't have a metric that I can give you. What do you think Wen?
Wendy Seher : It's the consumer spending power. It's the demographics that Don mentioned in his opening remarks, which is the quality of the real estate in the demographic markets with high average household incomes that have the ability to spend. So that's a critical component when they're looking at these markets. The other piece of it is, the history. If you can go into a center, as Don said, you haven't been able to get into Federal Realty Centers always, and they have a history of performing, and there's value in that and that's recognized, so that's why we've been able to keep up this leasing demand is partly, because there's -- this need to get -- they might be doing less locations, but they need those locations to perform. And they're willing to make a higher spend in order to make sure that there's confidence that that store will be profitable.
Operator: Our next question is from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Tsai: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just going back to the quarter's leasing strength, I know you discussed the philosophical bent of tenants being able to make money at your centers. But where are you seeing the outsized demand? Is it a certain tenant type or regionally based?
Don Wood : No, Linda, it's broad, it's broad. I mean, we see it at the mixed-use centers in particular, because they were hurt the most during COVID, but it's everywhere throughout the portfolio. I don't have a better market or a worse market for you in terms of the ones we're operating in. Just please always remember, this is still a very local business, and it comes down to the specific shopping center and the specific tenant base in that shopping center. And I think I leave it at that. It's broad-based.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. And then in terms of BioMed Realty getting construction financing for the first phase at Assembly Innovation Park. Does this give you more conviction towards a large lease for a life science tenant assembly row, what would you be looking for to proceed with more confidence? 
Don Wood : Oh, please let me just correct the premise. We could not be more confident in Assembly Row as a life science destination for many, many years and decades to come. We're just at the beginning of that. All we've done at this particular time, given the uncertainty in the venture capital market and what's happening there is to hold back and see where things become a little more certain. Certainly, great for BioMed in terms of being able to raise that capital. I wouldn't be -- I'd be surprised if they couldn't frankly given the Blackstone involvement too. And we will be -- I mean, there will be a life science building done by Federal Realty on that site at some point. But prudence and capital allocation at this point suggest that we said on the sideline BioMed make a little further.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Mueller : Yes. Hi. Dan I think you were talking about cash collections in the quarter running at a higher level. Can you talk about what the level was in Q2 maybe how compared to Q3 -- Q1? And is the higher level continuing into the third quarter?
Dan G.: Yeah, we're essentially back to normal, back to pre-COVID collection levels, on the current period collections. We're effectively above 99% overall in collections in the second quarter. So I think that is faster than we expected, faster than we had forecasted and we expect that to continue. There's a normalization in that part of the business with the added benefit of continuing to collect rent from prior periods. But we're back.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay. That was it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Lucas with Capital One Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Lucas: Hi everybody. Talked a lot about the leasing strength on the retail side. Just curious as to how you described the leasing strength on the residential side and what the rent growth has been in your portfolio on a year-over-year basis?
Don Wood: Let me go on the three big properties -- or actually four big properties, if you throw in Bethesda, Chris. Let me go in order. Unbelievable at Assembly Row, 20% plus.
Dan G.: Yes.
Don Wood: 23% increases in rents. Just what's happening at Assembly Row not just on resi, but on office, on retail as such a critical place in the marketplace, it's really impressive. And so You should be very optimistic about the future including rent growth future rent growth at Assembly. Santana Row? 
Jeff Berkes: Equally. The -- again that's the place you want to live and I don't know where we are on rent growth there
Dan G.: Mid-teens.
Don Wood: Mid-teens on there. And looking extremely strong. Pike & Rose, the demand is there but we're still just about out of this COVID cap on the amount of rent increases that there can be. So it's artificially been kept down. But you could see it from the occupancy. And we know in terms of the demand to be able to move into the space is that once that cap is lifted, which should be hopefully later on this year. You'll see similar demand there. These are the type of properties people want in it. And it's the same as on the office side. It's you got to make the money after you spend all that time and effort on creating the street in the place by getting it done upstairs too.
Chris Lucas: Okay, great. Thank you. And then just on the Plaza El Segundo consolidating your ownership position there. I guess just curious is there anything operationally that improves what drove the timing just a little bit of background on that?
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. Chris this is Jeff. So we have two individuals that when we acquired the asset, I guess, the very last day of 2011 decided to stay in the deal and they've been in the property with us as partners since that point in time up to a few weeks ago. They both decided they wanted to exit for their own personal financial reasons. They had no day-to-day involvement in the running of the asset we reported to them on a regular basis and that was about the extent of it. So nothing changes at pause again those related to how that's run or leased.
Don Wood: We got it at an attractive return.
Operator: Our next question is from Paulina Rojas with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
Paulina Rojas: Good morning. You talked about the names you're seeing in resi. Is it possible to have a notion even a range for how we think property NOI trending on the same property basis not for your office on resi segment? Is it also in the high teens? 
Leah Brady: Paulina, we're having a hard time understanding you. Can you try to say that quarter again?
Paulina Rojas: Yes. Can you hear me now?
Don Wood: Yeah, that's better.
Paulina Rojas: Okay. Yes, I was saying that is it possible to have a notion of how is same-property NOI trending for your office and resi segments?
Don Wood: Same-property NOI for office and resi?
Jeff Berkes: They're trending up. we don't have those -- and we don't publish those. But we can -- but they're certainly heading and they're modeled and forecasted to continue to trend up.
Don Wood: And we can talk offline about that Paulina. We can get a little more granular on that with you.
Paulina Rojas: Okay. Thank you. And then the other thing is how you provided any reference for how much of your signed but not open leases are scheduled to come online in 2023?
Dan G.: Yeah. I think what we have in our existing kind of comparable pool is about $23 million of incremental rent which have come online over about half over the balance of this year and half in 2023. We have another $15 million of signed not occupied in our non-comparable pool, which should come online probably similarly. And then -- so I think most of the Lion's share of that will be over the next six quarters in terms of contribution to our POI line item. 
Operator: Our next question is from Tayo Okusanya with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Tayo Okusanya: Yes. Good afternoon. First question, thank you for the update on just life sciences at Assembly Row. Curious, if you could also give an update on life science potential at Pike & Rose at this point?
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. The -- as you know, when I think about that market I don't think that market is as advanced in terms of demand and supply as Somerville Massachusetts is but it sure is on everybody's radar screen including ours as to what it is that we can do there. So we're having conversations with a number of people there none of which are far enough for us to really say anything more about it. But when you think about life sciences as another use as a component at a place like Pike & Rose. I mean, it's a distinct possibility. It's going to come down to economics. And will the incremental rent be enough to support the construction of that product type at Pike & Rose. And we don't know the answer to that yet but we're certainly in the heavily exploratory phases to find out. 
Q  Tayo Okusanya: Got you. And then second of all some of the mall REITs and open air center guys are kind of at that point where they are renegotiating a lot of the short-term percentage rent deals back to, kind of, more traditional leases. Are you guys kind of running up against any of that at this point? And does it kind of change the dynamics of what the retail component of your income could look like in 2023?
Wendy Seher: So I would say that most of our percentage deals that we were working on during COVID have all burned off and we have established new deals moving forward. So we are not still working on a tremendous amount of renegotiating post-COVID. This is more kind of looking forward and doing new deals based on the environment that we're in. 
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I'll now turn the call over to Leah Brady for closing remarks. 
Leah Brady: We look forward to seeing everyone this fall. Have a great rest of the summer and thank you for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode, a question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. . Please note, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Leah Brady. Thank you. You may begin.
Leah Brady: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G., Jeff Berkes, Wendy Seher, Dawn Becker, Jan Sweetnam and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your call -- take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results, including guidance. Although Federal Realty believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but a future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. Given the number of participants on the call, we kindly ask you to limit yourself to one question and an appropriate follow-up during the Q&A portion of the call. If you have additional questions, please requeue.  And with that, I will turn our call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our first quarter results. Don?
Donald Wood: Thanks, Leah, and good morning, everybody. There's lots going right in Federal Realty these days. Demand for our products has outpaced even our raised expectations and 2022 first quarter was no exception. Yes, the reported -- the reported $1.50 per share, beat both the street and our internal forecast. And of course, last year's COVID impacted quarter by 28% but it's really the contributions from all parts of this multifaceted business plan that's at the heart of our optimism, starting with the enduring strength of leasing. Over the last decade, average first quarter production for comparable properties at Federal Realty meant doing about 80 deals or roughly 375,000 square feet. In the '22 first quarter, we did 119 deals for 444,000 square feet, 50% more than the average. We've never come close to doing 119 deals in any quarter, never mind the normally weaker first quarter, before last year's record-setting COVID recovery demand. But the fact that, that demand has remained this huge with a deal pipeline that looks to stay strong, speaks volumes about our properties and the markets they're in. And naturally of our future earnings growth. So one of the reasons Dan is raising annual earnings guidance, $0.10 at the midpoint of the first quarter, something we rarely, if ever, do. That leasing demand is broad and has resulted in a 130 basis point increase in small shop lease percentage 88.7% sequentially over the fourth quarter, well ahead of expectations. That small shop lease rate is also a remarkable 490 basis points higher than a year ago. Now we did lose 40 basis points of  occupancy since the fourth quarter. That's just typical first quarter expirations of few boxes portfolio volume. The portfolio was there for overall 93.7% leased at the top at the end of the first quarter. Importantly, there's plenty of room to go. We expect continued small shop occupancy gains throughout 2022. So all of this commentary thus far relates to our core portfolio, and it doesn't speak to the multiple additional ways that we grow earnings and value. Selective acquisitions, development, redevelopment, all add incrementally to our best-in-class core portfolio.  Here's a case in point. We did 10 deals, both new and renewals in the first quarter at the four properties that we bought last year, Chesterbrook, Camelback Collonade, Hilton Village and Grossmont. The rent rolled up in every single one of those deals and overall up by 33%. And even though no redevelopment has started yet at any of those centers. The universal belief during those tenant negotiations was that federal would improve the productivity of those shopping centers, enabling them to afford higher rents. That reputation and credibility grounded in a long established track record is critical to all that we do and in my view, one of our key differentiators. When we tied up Fairfax County, Virginia Kingstowne Shopping Center for $200 million in a five cap some months back, we similarly expect to improve the productivity of that 410,000 square foot destination through better merchandising and operations and finding the inevitable opportunities that always seem to accompany big land parcels. This one is 45 acres in densely populated in affluent first-ring suburbs. As I assume you read in our press release a couple of weeks back, we closed on the first half of that parcel in late April and expect to close on the second half in late July. Northern Virginia is an important and a growing market for us.  Our stepped-up post-COVID redevelopment effort is another critical component to future growth. It's no news to anyone on this call that the traditional generic and homogenous shopping center business is cyclical in nature and not a high-growth business. So you have to stand out to outperform over cycles. You do that by picking the right markets and positioning and merchandising in those markets, but you also have to reinvest in those assets to continually find the edge. Reinvesting is more important post COVID than ever before. So why we have nearly two dozen active and meaningful development projects in planning are underway, totaling over $100 million this year and next, which will likely yield double-digit unlevered yields over the ensuing years through higher customer traffic and rents in line with our historically observed results following redevelopments. That reinvestment is one of the primary reasons we can continue to put push rents. Now as to our development business. At the Citi conference in March, we were able to tour live in person CocoWalk, our fully leased mixed-use development. We had an impressive group of investors attend and our team was proud to showcase the unique approach that we take to real estate development and value creation. Consider that in its first stabilized year, the project will generate in excess of $11 million of NOI on a $190 million investment with rents that are already under marked. Our unlevered IRR is over 8%. CocoWalk is pretty special. At Santana West, while I don't have any specific announcement to make on this call as to the leasing of our newly constructed office building, interest in the product and negotiations are more active than they've been at any time during the COVID era. I'm hopeful that we'll be able to provide a positive update in the coming months.  Office demand is back in Ernest in Silicon Valley given the Google and Apple back-to-office announcements in the past month or 2 and we have the only new fully amenitized state-of-the-art project in the market. We've updated costs and returns on the accompanying 8-K based on real negotiations and market conditions. Ensure higher costs, along with higher rents, thus maintaining yield expectations. With residential base rents comprising 11% of our total rented base, the upward pressure on apartment rents in many U.S. markets is also benefiting our bottom line. A meaningful residential income stream in our fully amenitized properties is such a unique incremental benefit of Federal. At Assembly Row, lease-up of Miscela, our 500-unit apartment building continues faster than forecast and a higher net effective rents. We're currently 70% leased at 10% higher rents than forecast. Our office building, affectionately known as the PUMA building, as you can see the PUMA site from New Hampshire is now 88% leased with another 5% at lease. Assembly Row has really outperformed all of our expectations coming out of COVID. Nothing yet to announce with respect to the next phase of expansion here as we've yet to lockdown costs, but we are getting close to a go/no-go decision on a life science project here that complement the growing life science demand and adjacent Summerville projects. More to come. Pike & Rose, Darien construction both continue on time and on budget. One thing that always strikes me about our mixed-use development pipeline is the extent to which we incorporate what we've learned over the years into our core portfolio. While mixed-use development is certainly a different business than operating four shopping centers, much of what makes our big development special can be seen throughout our portfolio.  From a broader array of tenant relationships to state-of-the-art construction techniques relative to place making, storefronts, any coordination and environmental considerations to unseen but impactful operational efficiencies. Our 25-year experience building mixed-use communities adds and continues to benefit our core shopping centers far greater than most people realize. Expect to be more -- see more of our showcasing that in the coming quarters and years. When you think Federal Realty, think about the multifaceted ways that we've got to grow. Just as we did between 2010 and 2019, and just as we plan to do from 2021 on with assets in the team whose confidence is proven and time tested. Dan?
Daniel Guglielmone: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. As Don outlined, $1.50 per share reported FFO for the first quarter outperformed against every one of our benchmarks. Last quarter, year-over-year, versus consensus and versus our own forecast. That outperformance was broad-based. All aspects of our business model played a role in the results of drivers such as better-than-expected small shop occupancy stronger residential performance, particularly in Boston and San Jose, better improvement in collections than forecast both in the current and prior periods, growing parking revenues and percentage rent underscoring accelerating traffic and tenant sales, particularly at our large mixed-use assets. However, this was offset by higher-than-forecasted property expenses. Our GAAP-based comparable portfolio growth metric was exceptionally strong at 14.5% for the quarter, more than 3% above forecast. Comparable growth, excluding prior period rent and term fees was 18.5%. To emphasize the strength of these metrics relative to the broader sector, our cash basis same-store metric, as calculated in line with our peers would have been 18% on an apple-to-apple basis and 18-plus percent excluding prior period rent and term fees.  Term fees this quarter were $1.5 million versus $2.8 million in 1Q '21. Prior period rent this quarter was $5 million versus $8 million in '21. Year-over-year occupancy results were also strong with our overall occupied metric growing 170 basis points year-over-year from $89.5 million to $91.2 million, our lease percentage increasing 190 basis points from 91.8 to 93.7. More upside to come on both of those metrics in the coming years as we realistically target 94% to 95% were occupied and 95% to 96% for leased. Our signed not occupied spread in the comparable pool held steady at 250 basis points representing over $24 million of incremental total rent, which should come online over the balance of this year and into 2023. In our non-comparable pool are designed not occupied upside stands at $19 million of total rent. New lease deals and our leasing pipeline are currently unoccupied space will drive another $12 million of incremental total rent, primarily in '23 and '24. This totals roughly $55 million of cumulative incremental rent, which will very visibly drive bottom line results over the next 2-plus years, highlighting the diversity and strength of our multifaceted business plan. As a testament to our asset management and tenant coordination teams, we have not seen any material delays in getting tenants open and paying rent due to supply chain issues or labor issues to date, further enhancing the timeliness of that income coming online. Rollover for the quarter was solid at 7%, in line with our expectations and our trailing 4-quarter average as we continue to take a long-term approach to leasing up our portfolio in the wake of COVID and look to balance driving occupancy, improving merchandising, enhancing tenant credit quality, increasing starting rents and importantly, getting strong practical rent bumps. Contractual rent bumps are an extremely important part of our business plan, one that is not always visible to our investments. We believe that we achieved sector-leading average contractual rent bumps anchor and small shop blended in the 2.25% range given the quality of our portfolio. In this quarter, the blended annual increase releases signed with an exceptional 2.5%. From a pure math perspective, 2.5% compounded over 10 years, results in a rent which is 9% higher in year 10 than a lease, which compact -- the compound at 100 basis points slower growth or 1.5% annually. It's not just about rollover, contractual rent bumps do matter. Now to the balance sheet and an update on liquidity. We ended the quarter with over $1.3 billion of total available liquidity comprised of an undrawn billion-dollar revolver, $160 million of cash and $175 million remaining on our forward equity contract. Additionally, we have roughly $150 million of noncore dispositions under consideration with pricing expectations that have blended cap rate below 5%. We have no maturities in 2022 with our only near-term maturity being $275 million of unsecured notes, which mature in mid-2023.  We've reduced our encumbered pool to just 7 assets, increasing our unencumbered EBITDA to 93% of total EBITDA or $600 million. With respect to our leverage metrics, our net debt to EBITDA is inside of 6 times as adjusted for our forward equity, we fully expect to be back to our pre-COVID target of low to mid 5 times by late '23. Our fixed charge coverage ratio is over 4 times already above our targeted level, and 93% of our outstanding debt is fixed rate. Additionally, we are targeting free cash flow after dividends and maintenance capital to return to pre-COVID levels by next year. As CocoWalk in the Phase IIIs at both Assembly Row and Pike & Rose are largely complete from a spending perspective and are stabilizing $700 million comes out of us in-process development pipeline. These 3 projects will yield roughly $48 million when stabilized versus their 2021 contribution of $12 million.  As a result, our in-process pipeline of active developments now stands at $800 million, with roughly $425 million remaining to spend. As we always do, we sit with significant dry powder against our $1.3-plus billion of liquidity. Now on to guidance. As Don said, even after such a strong start to the year, it is rare that we would raise guidance for just one quarter in the books. However, the steady momentum we're seeing in the business makes it really difficult not to. As a result, we are pushing our guidance range of $0.10 to $5.85 to $6.05 from the prior range of $5.75 to $5.95. $0.01 to $0.02 of the $0.10 increase is from our recent purchase of Kingstown and its contribution to 2022. The balance is from the first quarter outperformance and a better than forecast outlook for the rest of the year, in both the comparable and non-comparable boots. We are also bumping up our guidance for comparable POI growth to 3.5% to 5% from the prior range of 3% to 5%. Excluding prior period rents and term fees, our forecast increases to 6.5% to 8% from a prior range of 6% to 8%. We still expect our occupied rate decline from 91.2% today, up until the 92.5% to 93% range by year-end. At the SNO spread in our operating portfolio of 250 basis points begins to come online. In terms of FFO growth in '23 and '24, we are still comfortable with the 5% to 10% growth guidepost we didn't previously. The strength of our business model provides us with a diversity of avenues to grow sustainable sector-leading FFO growth beyond driving portfolio occupancy levels back to our mid-90s targets, Federal has additional years to propel growth. A proven track record and cost of capital to opportunistically acquire assets accretively over the year, middle and long term, a completed redevelopment and expansion pipeline totaling $700 million an in-process redevelopment and expansion pipeline totaling $800 million. Together, these redevelopments and expansions will drive an incremental $80 million to $85 million of POI over the coming years through 2025.  As we have highlighted previously, this is not pioneering development in a proven location, this is redevelopment and derisked expansions at established and highly successful properties that we already own and know extremely well. On a risk-adjusted basis, there is no better, more compelling business plan in the sector today. And with that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator:  Our first question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Schmidt: Great. On Kingston Town Center, I'm just curious, why is it being purchased in two phases? And then when we think about you being able to increase value here, obviously, remerchandising upfront, but the incremental capital investment, is that to take advantage of the 45 acres?
Jeffrey Berkes: Hey Craig, it's Jeff. Yes, that was a solar requirement that we closed in 2 phases, something that the solar asked for to be accommodated. Just a little bit more color on that acquisition. We're really, really happy with it for a number of reasons. We've talked about this a lot in the past, we've, for a long time, had a hit list, and we were very proactive about working our hit list and -- in this case, that really paid off. Barry Carty and team here has done a really good job of developing a relationship with the seller. We've been talking to the seller for a long time before the property came to market. And through that relationship and our credibility, we were -- we developed with the seller, we were able to step in and buy that even after it went to market at what we think are pretty good terms, going in at a 5 cap and kind of mid-6s unlevered IRR. And that IRR does contemplate a lot of upgrading in the way of merchandising and some investments in the assets itself so we can push rents but really happy with that.  It goes into our Virginia portfolio. We opened an office in Northern Virginia a few years ago that has just been incredibly successful running our assets and adding value, Chesterbrook, Twinbrook, Fairfax Junction, Kingstowne added to that portfolio in the last few years. So real happy about it. And finally, and I know you know this, but just as a reminder, buying Kingstowne helped us cover a pretty big gain that we created when we sold under threat a condemnation half of San Antonio Center on Mountain View, California with more than double what we paid for it 5 or 6 years ago. So all around just a really good deal, and we couldn't be more excited about it.
Craig Schmidt: Great. And then just as a follow-up, I noticed you mentioned in the call that Northern Virginia is kind of growing in importance to Federal. Could you talk about Pan Am.? I'm understanding you're possibly planning to redevelop a mixed-use there. And then maybe some information also on the new parklet that's coming to Mount Vernon Plaza?
Donald Wood: Yes, Craig, you've hit on something that's really important. When you -- as you know, we've owned Pan Am, and we've owned a whole lot of assets in Northern Virginia for a long time. But it really wasn't until we put the office over there we're able to make inroads in the acquisition market that whether you're a Fairfax County or Arlington County that the leaders of those governments helped recognize Federal as a big player there. Accordingly, we've been able to make some strides. We're certainly not all the way there yet, but strides with the entitlement process in Fairfax County with -- at Pan Am. We'll get through the rest of it. But we made already more inroads than we would have, I believe, if we were still operating the portfolio somewhat remotely. It just proves again how important local knowledge is and local presences to the portfolio. So don't have a lot to say yet about Pan Am. But I can tell you, you know where it is, we're at the Nutley Street exit of route 66 in the middle of Fairfax County on, again, a big piece of land. There really is a common thread there with us because stuff happens on the big pieces of land much more easily.  So that will go on to -- I'm hopeful our redevelopment pipeline list and -- I don't want to give you a time frame, but in the not-too-distant future on mobile. So good stuff there. In terms of Mount Vernon -- you got it, Leah?
Leah Andress: Yes. The parklet, Craig that you had mentioned. So as Don mentioned in his opening remarks, we have more than 2 dozen investments happening in our existing portfolios to strategically make them better and get them stronger coming out of COVID. This parklet is a good example of not a full redevelopment but how we continue to invest in our properties to make them better for the communities that they serve. So this parklet we've been working on for a while. It's going to open shortly.  We just got the building permit and it's going to make kind of a center of gravity for Mount Vernon. As you know, it's a very large center, and it will provide some opportunity not only to the community, but the 4 or 5 tenants that circle the parklet. So again, really just kind of doubling down on that outdoor amenity program and outdoor seating that we see was so valuable during COVID.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question. 
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good morning. So Dan, I can understand your general hesitance to increase guidance on Q1 results, but even so, it feels maybe a bit underwhelming, considering the outperformance versus our estimates and maybe even your own internal numbers, especially when looking at percent rent reimbursement and other revenue contributions. So I guess I'm just trying to understand what can even push you to the lower end of the guidance range, even assuming that there's no more prior period rent contributions?
Daniel Guglielmone: Look, I think that there are massive kind of macro kind of storm clouds up. And I think it's just us being, I think, a little cautious in nature. I think the bump in guidance is, I think, reflective of strong first quarter. But it's -- we'll see. I think we want to be mindful of increased inflation and all the other things that we worry about every day when we go to sleep. So I mean that's -- I don't know, Don, if you have anything more to add?
Donald Wood: Greg, gosh, it's hard for us to argue with the premise of your question when -- over the last 6 quarters, each time we have outperformed and increased guidance and it wasn't enough. And so I certainly understand your question. There is absolutely an inherent conservatism in the way we run this business. There -- '22 is looking real good, to your point. We're trying to reflect that in the guidance. But if it comes out better, it comes out better.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. And Dan, I forget if you covered this, but have you talked about what kind of prior period rents are included in the guidance number?
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. No, we've had -- we're actually increasing that number. We had -- in our original guidance, as I mentioned on our last call in February, roughly about $5 million to $8 million. Obviously, we did very well in the first quarter, increasing that range up from 5 to 8 to 9 to 11. The pool of potential rent grant from is shrinking. We're doing a lot better. And grabbing it as evident by a strong first quarter, enhanced the increase there over the balance of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi. Please proceed with your question. 
Michael Bilerman: Yes. Don, in your opening remarks, you talked a little bit about Santana West and how you sort of the costs had gone up, but the rents went up as well, which we're able to maintain your yield. I was wondering if you can just sort of step back on the entirety of the redevelopment and development pipeline. Your commentary on the core portfolio and the leasing environment is so optimistic and strong.  And clearly, the numbers are coming in the leasing environment. Why isn't that translating more into the redevelopment and development pipeline, I would have thought at this point, especially during COVID where you marked down a lot of those yields that those would actually start seeing the other side. Is it all just on construction costs that you're just finding that you're just not able to get those yields up?
Donald Wood: Mike, just let me make sure I have the premise or we agree on the premise of the question. We have not adjusted in any significant way, the guidance that we've given kind of pre-COVID because we're -- we want to make sure that we've got good numbers and the ability to be accurate when we change it, not do it in a depth of 1,000 cuts.  When -- in terms of the Santana West piece, what this reflects is a real negotiation that gives us a much better window on what rents really are today. And what costs really are for the remaining piece in Santana West, it's basically just the TIs, which is a big number, but it's that and some other stuff. So we didn't want to change part of it without doing the whole thing. That similarly applies throughout the development portfolio. And as you know, much of our development stuff is baked and done under GMPs. And so to the extent we're comfortable with that, and we are, that's what you see disclosed.  You might have seen I also made a comment that we're not ready yet to talk about or announcing a life science building up at Assembly specifically to your question, specifically because I want to make sure we are locked down on costs before we're able to do that. We're getting close, but we're not there yet. What we do seem to see in all of our markets where we are developing is that the higher costs, which are clearly out there on new money relative to a year ago or 2 years ago are being offset by higher rent expectations that seem to be able to be met. So there's nothing on the development side yet that we've seen that has stopped as a result of higher cost, but no ability to push those rents that create a decent return on those costs. I don't know if there's a lot in there, and we'd have to go project by project but that's the general landscape.
Michael Bilerman: Yes. I guess I was just -- I guess I was surprised that with all of this commentary and the commentary that you normally don't increase guidance at the beginning of the year and how strong the leasing environment is and record leasing that, that somehow is not translating into better yield on the development and redevelopment. And in fact, Santana West, if it wasn't for lifting the rents, that yield would have gone down. And it's not inconsequential. You're talking about $130 a foot, $50 million increase. The stocks small.
Donald Wood: No, there's a fair -- that's a fair point, Mike. And maybe like I'll give you a great example. Right, with what's happening up in assembly on the residential business. we're going to be at the upper end of that range, and we may even increase that guidance going forward based on the actual residential leasing that is happening on their relative to the cost. So is there an inherent conservatism in the way we try to do things? Absolutely. It kind of ties to the earlier call.  Well, it's a pretty -- there are headwinds out there in terms of the marketplace. And so we try to take the most balanced approach we can. I think you guys look at our history and can determine whether you believe we'll get there. We won't get there and act accordingly. But no, there is an incurrent conservatism in the way we report.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Michael Mueller: I guess given the commentary on strong demand and leasing volumes, is it your expectation that once we move into '23 and '24, we're going to see rent spreads take a notable step up?
Donald Wood: Oh, gosh, how do I answer that? Mike, I would say, it is so hard to answer your question about '23 and '24 as we sit here on May 5, '22, right? I mean the reason we originally gave guidepost going out was because you'll remember, we had better visibility post-COVID than we did in the middle of COVID. So that's why we started getting those guideposts that.  Now as I sit here and you look at the macro issues affecting the economy, trying to figure out exactly what's going to happen with lease negotiations in '23 and '24. I'm looking at Wendy here and I got a little bit of a shrug. And the -- that's not an indictment of the portfolio or an indictment of the way we do business. It's simply the market out there is uncertain. What we know is what we are seeing really good progress with is where we spend capital to be able to create a better place making asset. We get paid. And I don't expect that on a relative basis to change 1 bit. But it is on a relative basis based on what's going on in the more global economy, and that's affecting real estate. So -- as I sit here today, I am really bullish on all the facets of the way we're growing, including the basic leasing of shopping centers, especially those that have been redeveloped and invested in but more of a crystal ball than that for '23 and '24, I don't think I can give you today.
Michael Mueller: Got it. And then just a quick follow-up here. On the comments about rent bumps and escalators. Was that a comment just on the retail portfolio or does that cover the office portfolio as well?
Daniel Guglielmone: It's the commercial portfolio, including office. Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Derek Johnston: Hi, everybody. Thank you. Regarding acquisitions, with local retail cap rates, the spread to the 10-year treasury really historically tight right now. What kind of cap rates are you seeing for quality assets or, I guess, more importantly, expecting to see in private market transactions in the next quarter or two? Are there currently fewer bidders for assets or are cash buyers now really in the driving driver's seat given rising rates?
Jeffrey Berkes: Yes, Derek, it's Jeff. Let me take a shot at that. I mean, we've been pretty active for the last 12 to 18 months coming out of the pandemic and bidding on stuff and being successful in several cases and buying properties. And in the most recent round of deals, we've still seen a very active bidder pool and a very well-capitalized bidder pool there is at least -- in this last round of deals, there's been a lot of capital in the market.  A lot of people think big picture. That's because the yields on retail are better than they are in multifamily and better than they are in industrial, which is why you've seen a lot of low to mid-4 cap rate purchases by institutions the last couple of quarters, and there's some deals in the market price like that. They're going to close in the next couple of quarters as well.  So not every buyer is a leveraged buyer a lot of institutional capital out there that needs to be placed. And going forward, I think it's not just interest rates that are going to drive cap rates. It's what are returns on other product types? And does that wallet capital stay in the market or does it not? So to be determined, but a lot of money for high-quality retail right now, competitive market. So -- and as always, there's a big spread between A and B quality property, right? And we're looking at stuff that we think we can add value to over time, really focused on value-add opportunities, the densification opportunities and more of the IRR than the cap rate. So kind of keep that in mind as you think through maybe where pricing might go to.
Derek Johnston: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then kind of where Mike was headed but not so long term. Clearly, healthy retail leasing activity this quarter, built on strength of last year, which clearly is positive. But investors have focused on the high ABR versus peers and the post-pandemic era has being a possible headwind or perhaps led to year-to-date underperformance. But when you look at it, cash basis rollover this quarter was again positive at 7%. So I guess the question is what may investors be missing when focused on Federal's ABR? And how do you view the in-place rents versus market rents at your centers and the opportunity set?
Donald Wood: Yes. This is the perennial question, I mean, right Derek, no doubt. I want you to focus on something that Dan said in his comments, check this out. A 7% cash-on-cash rollover. If you did the math and considered our -- what I believe our superior contractual bumps, if it's 100 basis points, if we're growing at 2.5, somebody else has grown at 1.5 typical shopping center business, right? 7% bumps equal 16% rollovers, 9% more.  That's an amazing thing that we have not, frankly, done a good job educating people about -- and look, part of that is we don't know what everybody's bumps are, but you can consider the following things. We have -- this portfolio is two-thirds tankers and one-third small shop. The opportunity for bumps is easier in the small shop, obviously, than convincing TJX or Ross to have annual bumps, obvious stuff. In our small shop, the notion of being able to have those bumps. I would bet more regularly, but I bet others, but I don't know that for sure. I do know that wars are very strong. That you have to consider that when looking at rollovers also. Yes, a small shop, not only maybe one-third of the GLA, but it's half of our rent in total. So think about that, number one. Number two, it's -- and I made this -- it's such an interesting point. I think when you look at the acquisitions we were -- we made -- and even before we do any redevelopment or do investing, we were able on 10 deals, not the smallest thing, 10 deals this quarter, get 33% more rent than when somebody else owned it, on the reputation that we're going to make you more productive. So the end of the day, Derek, is the productivity of the retailer, not the ABR -- and so put those 2 things together, and that's why we're confident with respect to how we run our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Don, I was hoping you could just spend a little time on the potential life science deal up in Boston. And -- just how are you thinking about pre-leasing and credit underwriting and tenant underwriting for that project?
Donald Wood: Yes. It's very fair, Steve. There are a couple of things to think about there. The business is not a pre-leasable business in large measure. So there's no question that as we underwrite the risk, as we underwrite the dollars, the cost of capital, we will expect a higher return to compensate for the inability to the likely inability, you never know. But the likely an ability to re-lease the building.  What we're thinking about with respect to that opportunity is what is pretty demonstrably a pocket of much more than 1 building. It could be more than 1 building for Federal in time. We would expect it to be already, as you know, BioMed has begun gun construction and Greystar right there has begun the construction. So the notion that Assembly is likely to be a cluster of life science has grown dramatically. Over the past year or two. That's a really important component in terms of who's going to wind up there. Actually, one of the interesting things would be when you look at the number of companies that have been developed on the life science side over the past few years, it's pretty dramatic, and demand is just -- demand is off the charts relative to the supply, even though there's supply coming on in other parts of the Boston market. So together, the short answer to your question, Steve, is the return has to be able to compensate for the spec nature of it, as well as the undeterminable at this point of credit quality of the tenants that have come.
Steve Sakwa: And as a follow-up, would you contemplate sort of joint venturing with a more established life science player or you -- or ground lease it? Or are you pretty much committed to going in alone and keeping it for yourself?
Donald Wood: We've considered all of those opportunities, and we've decided to do it ourselves, and we've decided to do it ourselves in large measure based on the team that we were able to compile in terms of not only the general contractor, but the designer, but the operator and all of the individual components of it as well as our team up there. So we've created a lot of value at Assembly and over 15 years in that project. We want that value fully recognized in our incremental investment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Connor Mitchell with Piper Sandler.
Connor Mitchell: Hi, thanks for taking my question. So with the depreciation of the strong balance sheet, how can rising rates impact, if at all, the developments going forward?
Daniel Guglielmone: With regard to what? I'm not sure I understand the question. Could you repeat it?
Connor Mitchell: Yes. I think a better way to ask the question might be, whether you see rising rates within the development and then also or material cost and inflation as a bigger issue for impacting developments?
Daniel Guglielmone: Look, there's no -- we expect and I think before we go forward, we lock in prices to the extent we can with the GMP before we start. I think what we've seen is because of the strength of the markets that we're in. We benefited from increasing rents, which have kind of offset kind of costs as it relates to rising TIs, tenant improvement dollars. And that's why we've been able to maintain the yields and deliver the yields that we set out to achieve. And we won't start something unless we've got those costs locked down to a large extent. And there's an important follow-up in that. It is, while you kind of globally talk about, we kind of globally talk about our development pipeline. Every project has to stand on its own. If the rents are not -- certainly a higher cost of capital, to your question, right, and long-term cost of capital is the way we look at it. There a higher cost of capital has to be supported by cost that work in there and rents that we're confident we can achieve. And when you think about the primary markets where we're doing that, Boston, Massachusetts, San Jose, California, Montgomery County, Maryland.  You're talking about markets that heretofore and I don't expect it to change based on job projections and economic projections in those markets. We're able to push the rents to be able to compensate. Does that continue forever? Your guess is as good as mine because we make those decisions on a one-off basis. But right now, everything we see in those markets suggest that rent will compensate for the higher costs.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, thank you. Just wanted to touch on the funding side of the equation for acquisitions and how you guys are contemplating that given your cost of capital? And if you can give us a sense of where debt costs are today relative to still the strong pricing for acquisitions and how you think about kind of your mix cost of funding your weighted average cost of capital?
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Look, I think in the last -- yes, certainly, in the last 90 days, cost of debt capital has kind of gone up. So obviously, that -- which is up our weighted average cost of capital. I think with regards to --. Juan, can you repeat the question? We're -- start over with the last part of it there.
Juan Sanabria: Sure. Just curious on how you plan to fund what seems like a still a very active acquisition pipeline, given where leverage is today and just get a sense of how you're thinking about where you could raise debt out to if we think about match funding?
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Look, I don't think that is a big component of what we're looking to fund growth going forward. We've got $175 million of forward equity still ready to be taken down. We've got in process and under consideration $150 million of dispositions that were sub-5 cap and on deck after that, another $100 million to $150 million of dispositions. We are thinking about to take advantage of a strong environment. So I think that, that balanced with a higher cost of debt capital currently is something we will take into consideration. Jeff, do you want to add.
Jeffrey Berkes: Yes. And one other thing to keep in mind here, too, whether it's an acquisition, a redevelopment or a development, we've never been a spot capital price of our investment opportunities. We've always looked at our long-term weighted average cost of capital. So when interest rates are really low, we weren't chasing acquisitions, for example, down into the low 4 cap range, simply because they were still accretive and with increasing interest rates and increasing debt costs, we don't really expect that to impact our ability to perform in the market for that reason. We always have maintained a very strong discipline on looking at kind of the long-term cost, not the spot cost.
Juan Sanabria: And then just as a follow-up question, just curious on the small shop side, as you're thinking about merchandising space in the centers but also thinking about maybe we see a potential recession we'll see. Does your strategy change about the types of tenants maybe more national with regards to the small shop space?
Wendy Seher: I would say that the short answer is no. We really take a balanced approach, sort of like what we were talking about before our overall business plan is growth in various areas from our core through developments to redevelopments to acquisitions, and I like to apply that same philosophy to our leasing, where we're talking about growth whether it's through merchandising, whether it's through investing in the properties, whether it's through selecting tenants that also want to invest in themselves.  We're seeing a huge amount of investment with tenants and us together, and that creates a better result. And we like the balance, again, intertwining with the community of that local flare, mom-and-pop, best-in-class as well as the regional and national as well. So I think we'll continue to take that balanced approach.
Jeffrey Berkes: And we're sticklers, too, on working through a tenants business plan and looking at their credit and also securing the lease in the right way, regardless of what's going on in the economy. So we don't relax as our standards when things were good. So I wouldn't expect us to do anything any differently like Wendy just said.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question. 
Haendel St. Juste: Hey good morning. A couple of question on redevelopment here. Don, the enthusiasm in turn, it's clear, demand is strong rents rising and you're adding to the redevelopment pipeline. I guess I'm curious -- how close are you to maybe getting back to the pre-COVID game plan of $300 million to $400 million of annual redev debts funded by free cash flow as well as incremental debt and opportunistic sales here? And what's the right way to think about redev spending as we move into this higher cost and higher interest rate but higher rent backdrop?
Donald Wood: Yes. No, Haendel, I love the question. It's -- it is -- the answer is driven by opportunities. And one of the things that has become pretty clear to us post COVID, and I think Wendy talks about this all the time to me. So it's kind of stuck in my head. The demand and the conversations with tenants has, in our view, what we've seen is they are more important in terms of who the landlord is than ever before. So to the extent that landlord is investing, not only in the asset alongside that tenant to be able to create a better and place-making is a big part of it. No question. Convenience is a big part of it. No question. To create a better environment, that's a here to stay. And you know what will stop that, Haendel, if we can't get paid for. But effectively, everywhere we've seen so far where we are laying out an aggressive redevelopment plan, improvements to the property, the impact on the leasing has been very clear. And when I say the impact on the leasing, I'm talking if you're interviewing leasing agents and understanding from their point of view, what the deals look like, what those bumps look like?  You know what Dan talked about higher bumps. That's not an accident. That has to happen, commensurate with a tenant conversation that -- where they are confident they're going to be able to afford that and continue to pay that. And a key part of that is what are you doing as landlords to the shopping center post-COVID. So I don't -- the days of kind of milking your -- just kind of milking the shopping center and our milking the cash flow from the shopping center without a significant investment. I'm not sure -- I'm not sure this industry goes back to that. And to the extent you do that, the differentiation between great properties and not so great properties gets wider and wider.  So as you think about the next few years, and a return to normalcy from a demand and a supply perspective, ask yourself where you're likely to be able to push rents and get paid if your shopping center is materially better than the competition. And that's kind of the way we think about it.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. Fair enough. Any desire to perhaps provide some guideposts on how we should think about redev up spend here as we move into the next few years? And then can you remind us what estimated value of the assets in your -- sorry, in your portfolio that can be sold on a maybe tax neutral basis to fund acquisition development. I think a few years back, that number was close to $400 million. Obviously, you've sold some -- just curious on where you think that is today?
Donald Wood: I think that the last part of your question, it's -- that's about the same. I wouldn't see that very differently. Yes. No, that's kind of what I got to say on it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Lucas with Capital One. Please proceed with your question. 
Chris Lucas: Just one quick one for me. Dan, on the percentage rent number for the quarter, it was roughly almost 2x what it was pre-COVID in the first quarter. Just curious as to whether that growth came from more leases running into the over the break point and generating percentage rent or those that have been in percentage rent continuing to sort of just add to the contribution to percentage rent. Just trying to understand where that increase is coming from?
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Look, the increase is partially being driven by just better tenant sales across the portfolio. And it's -- there's two different parts. We have the -- the leases that were restructured were collecting a percent of rent, and that shows up in the collectability adjustment. The percentage rent that's in that line item that outperformed pretty significantly is really just, I think, a combination of a few more deals that are leases that are percentage rent deals as well as just higher performance from those leases over time. I would expect that first quarter number, not to be typically, we're around 1% to 1.25%, we're at 1.5% today of revenues. I think that it's in that 1% to 1.5% over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Tsai: In past presentations, you've shown retail format by the percent of 2019 POI contribution. Just wondering as this trend line has normalized and demand is higher now, have those contributions changed at all materially?
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes, there's really been no material change to those figures.
Linda Tsai: Got it. And then you have a few tenants that have chosen your assets, your office assets like NetApp, Splunk and PUMA as their headquarters. Was this the strategy you had in mind when you develop these office spaces or was it just more product -- byproduct of having new and desirable amenities?
Donald Wood: Yes. Well, I mean, look, we always hope that we have the best credit tenants take the entire building, and we're done in 5 minutes. And so that's always the hope of the strategy, the more likely result is what has happened. Now those are great companies, all of those companies, all of them look to the amenitized base, look to the ability to retain the track workers as critical to their decisions. That's not a surprise. That's been in the strategy from the beginning. That will continue to be. And I think you'll see that that's where we'll end up with the other stuff that's not leased up yet to date.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Leah Brady for closing remarks.
Leah Brady: Looking forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT. Please reach out with any meeting request, and thank you for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn this conference over to your host, Ms. Leah Brady. Thank you, maam. You may begin.
Leah Brady: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realtys fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G., Jeff Berkes, Wendy Seher, Dawn Becker and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call maybe deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results including guidance. Although Federal Realty believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realtys future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued tonight, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our conference call tonight will be limited to 75 minutes. We finally ask that you to limit yourself to one question during the Q&A portion of our call. If you have additional questions, please re-queue. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin the discussion of our fourth quarter results. Don?
Don Wood: Thank you, Leah and congratulations to you on your promotion to Vice President of Investor Relations this month. Really well deserved and we are sure lucky to have you. Well, good afternoon, everybody. What makes Federals business plan so different is our multifaceted approach to capitalize on these best located, best tenanted retail properties with a laser focus on bottom line earnings growth, 104 individual assets with a proverbial toolbox filled with numerous ways of achieving that goal for years to come. Took a global pandemic to knock us off our horse for a time, but we are back up and we are riding high. 2021 was the first step, where each quarter throughout the year exceeded our constantly upwardly revised expectations. That trend continued in the fourth quarter, with FFO per share of $1.47 handily beating our forecast, and of course, last year. The shining star of the business continues to be leasing as its been a whole year, but it was taken to new levels in the fourth quarter. I need to put this into context, so bear with me for a minute. First, on a company-wide basis in the fourth quarter, we signed 149 commercial leases, that is retail and office but not including residential leases, which itself was really strong, for nearly 900,000 square feet of space. That includes renewals of existing tenants, along with space that here sits vacant today, is expected to be vacant in the coming months or as for new buildings currently under construction or just completed. Thats an annual base rent commitment of nearly $35 million. Consider that over the last 10 years, an average quarters outlook produced about 110,000 commercial  110 commercial leases and 500,000 square feet. That means that in this quarter, we did 35% more deals or 80% more GLA than average. This is very strong quarterly volume even in a year where each previous quarter seemed to set some sort of record. And while I dont think that those fourth quarter levels are regularly repeatable, our leasing pipeline suggests that they will remain above historical averages for the foreseeable future. For the full year 2021, we did 573 commercial leases for 2.9 million square feet and an annual rent commitment of $116 million. These activity levels are unprecedented over the very long history of this company. But this leasing volume is particularly important because it provides strong validation at the very diversified product type that we own and are creating very highly sought after. And the leasing is broad-based. Its the single biggest reason that I believe Federal Realty is better positioned post-COVID than we were before. Let me breakdown the quarter numbers a little bit more. I think you will see what I mean. Of the 149 commercial leases signed, 116 of them or nearly 600,000 square feet were for comparable space, one where a tenant previously operated from. Those leases were written at an average rent of $34.34, 6% higher than the tenants they replaced. Another 9 leases or 22,000 square feet were written for non-comparable space at an average rent per foot of $43.53 at places like Assembly Row Phase 3, CocoWalk and Camelback Colonnade in Phoenix. But its the remaining 24 leases or 277,000 square feet at net rent of $48.52 that really is a strong positive differentiator to our business plan. Its the office leasing at our long-established mixed-use communities in this quarter, primarily at Assembly Row and Pike & Rose. Now look, I certainly realized that general office leasing does not evolve right now for good reason, given the macro levels of uncertainty surrounding back-to-work policies. But not all office space is created equal and it has become clearer and clearer with each quarter and each month that passes that the new Class A office product that we own or are building at 5 of our amenity-rich mixed use communities is in extremely high demand and commanding rents that are clearly additive to both earnings and value. Each of those 5 are well-established retail locations already and the office component is in expansion, building on the success of the retail. They are Assembly Row, Pike & Rose, Bethesda Row, Santana Row and CocoWalk. Thats it. Deals with a myriad of companies and lots of different industries, headlined by our lease with Choice Hotels for their new world headquarters at Pike & Rose are just the latest examples of company choosing our building as the product of choice, no pun intended for the future. Those companies are joining others like Puma, Avalon Bay, NetApp, Bank of America and Splunk in helping to create long-term sustainable communities in our portfolios in Somerville, Massachusetts, Montgomery County, Maryland, Silicon Valley and Miami. And check this out. While 197,000 feet of the 277,000 feet done in the quarter was primarily at newly constructed buildings at Assembly and Pike & Rose, the remaining 80,000 was for comparable space at a positive 23% rollover. That strong rollover was largely driven by our first renewal and expansion at 450 Artisan Way at Assembly Row, the 100,000 square foot office building built as part of Phase 1. That rent went from a blended sub-$30 triple net rent to the mid-40s triple net. Pretty good data point of the longer term office upside that exists at well executed, well-amenitized mixed use communities in first-tier suburbs. As I said and firmly believe all office opportunities are not created equal. And while we dont have anything to announce on this call at Santana West, there is serious interest from a number of substantial tenants where we are making some very good progress. And by the way, take a look at the occupancy gains we are making on the retail portfolio portfolio-wide, which are equally impressed. At year end, we are 93.6% leased and 91.1% occupied. Thats an 80 basis point leased and a 90 basis point occupied pickup in just 3 months, impressive for sure, but still a ways to go to get to our 95% plus historical bogie. Okay. So what about the Omicron impact? Well, as you would expect, there is little impact in the fourth quarter as the variant spread didnt take hold until late December and January. And what the impact will be on 2022 has yet to play out. But thus far in 2022, it feels like across the board, shoppers, tenants and other constituents seem to be viewing Omicron as temporary. And while wearing mask and being more careful in most of our markets, are marching forward with typical winter shopping patterns. Requests for rent accommodations from tenants have been few and we have not agreed to anything significant at all at this time. Now, from a capital allocation standpoint, which after all is really what we as management teams in this industry do to add the most value, we are actively using all three levers: asset sales, acquisitions and the continued expansion in our established properties, all in the name of bottom line earnings growth. You will notice from our 8-K that we closed on the sale of 2 shopping centers where we saw limited upside in the future. The combined proceeds of $113 million in just Leesburg Plaza and Saugus Shopping Center sold at a blended high 5% cap rate were used to reduce debt before year end. On the acquisitions front, we would like to invest several hundred million dollars in 2022 based on our identification from our hit list of targeted properties that feel like they may trade this year. Progress early in the year has been encouraging and soliciting serious conversations. Stay tuned. And certainly, on the development front, we expect to be substantially done constructing our residential of our retail neighborhood in Darien, Connecticut this year. We are underway at our $190 million office tower for Choice Hotels at Pike & Rose. And we have more than a dozen property improvement redevelopments underway throughout the portfolio. By the way, Citi will be hosting a tour of our newly completed CocoWalk mixed-use project during their conference in South Florida next month. Its pretty spectacular. Its created over $60 million in value on our $200 million investment and we would love to see a wide variety of investments there. Its going to be an active year on all fronts at Federal. I got to believe the visibility of this multiple year bottom line earnings growth plan is the most transparent in the sector. Thats all about all I have for prepared comments. Let me turn it over to Dan and we will be happy to entertain your questions after that.
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you, Don and hello everyone. Our reported FFO per share of $1.47 was up 29% from the fourth quarter of last year and roughly $0.06 above the top of our guidance range. For the year, we reported FFO per share of $5.57, a 23% increase over 2020s results. Both of those reported increases exclude the one-time debt repayment charge from 4Q 2020 in order to show a meaningful apples-to-apples comparison. Primary drivers of that outperformance versus expectations were higher percentage rent from COVID-amended leases bolstering better collection rates; a faster acceleration in occupancy than expected; stronger leasing at our residential assets, including the Phase 3 residential at Assembly; lower real estate taxes than we had forecasted; plus financing activity, which occurred later in the quarter than expected. This was offset by higher G&A; higher property level operating expenses, primarily one-timers; and lower term fees than we forecasted. For those analysts that keep track, we had $1.7 million of term fees for the quarter against a 4Q 2020 level of $3.6 million. Collections continued to improve, with 97% of monthly billed rent being collected for the quarter, up from 96% reported on our third quarter call. Including abatements and deferrals, we are 99% resolved. Prior period collections were down to $5 million versus $8 million in 3Q. And as a result, our collectibility adjustment was up modestly to $2 million, primarily driven by this prior period follow-up. Collection of deferrals continue to outperform our expectations. Of the $46 million total rent we deferred since the start of COVID, $27 million has been collected, which represents roughly 90% of the amounts that were scheduled to be repaid by year end. Don already highlighted our record breaking quarter and year of leasing, but let me add some additional color. As you mentioned, we were 91.1% occupied as of quarter end, a 90 basis point increase over both the third quarter and year-over-year. Our lease rate stood at 93.6%, an 80 basis point increase over the third quarter and a 140 basis point increase year-over-year and a 250 basis point spread between leased and occupied should set us up for strong growth over the course of 2020. These significant gains were primarily driven by small shop leases. Our small shop lease percentage is up to 87.4%, a 130 basis point sequential increase in the quarter and a 280 basis point increase year-over-year, solid progress in getting back to our targeted bogie of around 90% to small shop. Highlighting some of the small shop activity were deals for some of the most sought-after tenants of today: Warby Parker with 3 new deals; Made Well with 2 new leases; [indiscernible]; Aged Denim, Old [ph] Pizza; another Nike Live; another [indiscernible], just to name a few. Anchor leasing was solidly up 50 basis points to 96.8%, given broad-based activity with 12 deals totaling 320,000 square feet of the almost 600,000 for the quarter. Categories for new deals include grocers, discount apparel, sporting goods, home furnishings and healthcare. On the residential side, we saw a surge in leased occupancy of 240 basis points year-over-year to 97.2% and saw strong high single-digit year-over-year new lease rent growth. We feel well-positioned to drive incremental POI growth in 2022 given forecasted strength, particularly in our Boston and Silicon Valley markets. Evidence of this plan  evidence of this can also be seen where after just 7 months, our 500-unit Miscela residential tower at Assembly is already 60% leased at rents which are 15% higher than the pre-COVID lease-up rental rates of Montaje, its sister resi tower next to it at Assembly Row. In terms of redevelopment, we now have roughly $400 million of remaining spend on our $1.5 billion investment pipeline. Much of that pipeline has recently been placed into service. These projects will be a source of significant earnings growth in 2022 through 2025 as we continue to ramp up in POI contribution. In our 8-K, we have reinserted disclosure relating to the ramp up of POI at our large in-process projects and also provided some detail in a footnote on the 99% leased CocoWalk. Now, to the balance sheet and an update on our liquidity position, the fourth quarter was an active one in the capital markets front. We raised another $85 million of common equity for our ATM on a forward basis at a blended gross price of $130.50. We have repaid mortgages totaling $117 million that encumbered the avenue of White Marsh and Montrose Crossing, getting another $18 million of POI to our unencumbered pool. And during the quarter, we sold $121 million in assets, including the Leesburg, Virginia and Saugus, Massachusetts assets Don mentioned, bringing our total for the year to $142 million at a blended yield in the mid-5s. As a result, we ended the year with $162 million of cash available, an undrawn $1 billion credit facility at $264 million of forward equity to be taken down in 22, leaving us with total liquidity of over $1.4 billion. Our leverage metrics continue to improve. Net debt to EBITDA is now down into the high 5x level for the fourth quarter annualized net of the forward equity. And that metric is forecast to improve over the course of 2022 as development POI comes online and occupancy drives higher from leases that are already executed. Again, our targeted level is in the low 5x range. Fixed charge coverage is back up to just under 4x and we have no debt maturities until mid-2023. Now on to guidance, for 2022, we are increasing our guidance range to $5.75 to $5.95 per share, a $0.10 increase over our previous range. This represents 5% growth at the midpoint, 7% at the high end. And this was driven by occupancy levels expecting to increase from 91% at year end up into the mid to upper 92% range by the end of 2022. An increased forecast for current period collections, up from an average of 95% in 21 to an average 98% over the course of 22. Greater contribution from our redevelopment and expansion pipeline, again, for those modeling, let me direct you to our 8-K where we are providing our forecast of stabilized POI ramp up by year as well as accretion from our 2021 acquisitions being online for the full year. Additionally, of the $440 million of 2021 acquisitions, they are really outperforming our original underwriting and are expected to yield a blended 6% in 2022 versus an initial 5.5% expectation. Please note that these deals would clearly sell at a blended sub-5 cap rate in todays environment. Now this will be offset by lower prior period collections, where the net 2021 level is $22 million. And for 22, it is expected in the range of $5 million to $8 million. We are expecting lower net term fees. We had $8.4 million in 2021 and forecast $4 million to $6 million in 22, more in line with historical averages. Despite over 300 basis points of headwinds from prior period collections and lower net term fees, our comparable growth forecast is 3% to 5% for 2022. Other assumptions include $300 million to $400 million of redevelopment and expansions at our existing properties. $300 million to $400 million of equity to be issued inclusive of the forward equity already total. G&A is estimated in the $50 million to $54 million range for the year. We have set a credit reserve of roughly 2%, plus or minus 50 basis points. Dispositions made in 2021 contributed $8 million of PRI to 2021. And that obviously wont be there in 2022. And we will have lower interest income, given the repayment in mid-2021 of our $30 million mortgage loan at yield of 10%. As is our custom, this guidance does not reflect any acquisitions or dispositions in 2022. We will adjust for those as we go, given our opportunistic approach to both. It also does not assume any tenants moving from a cash basis to accrual basis. And please note the expanded disclosure in our 8-K relating to guidance. With respect to our goal posts for 2023 and 2024, we continue to believe that 5% to 10% compounded growth from our upwardly revised 2022 FFO range is achievable. Timing in terms of the lease-up at One Santana West will have a big influence on where we end up within that range. Now while we are not providing color on specific timing, $7 per share of FFO is a realistic target in the coming years. And with that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. You may proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hi, guys. Good afternoon. So two questions here. The first question is, obviously, on the apartment side, what weve seen all around is the rent rebounds and rent growth is tremendous. On the retail side, the sales recovery has been just off the charts. I mean, the mall companies have been saying its well exceeded 2019. You guys are talking similar. Its hard to believe that this is all just a catch-up of people staying in their homes during 2020 and early 2021. So do you think there is something else at work? Or is this just like a one-hit wonder. We all rebounded this year or 2021, and then sales are leveling out? Or do you think that people have sort of  and retailers themselves have rediscovered retail, and therefore, this accelerated sales pace is sustainable in the next several years?
Don Wood: Yes, Alex, I mean that is the  I mean, thats the question of the day. The  everything we said, we seem to see. And again, its looking at it through our view, which is not a national view. Its really primarily a postal view, suggests that this  that the recovery of sales, etcetera, are here to stay. I do think there was something very interesting that happened through COVID in terms of peoples realization of how important socials was. Its really important into how going out to eat and to play at the shop is. So I think a lot of that states. The other thing, and you kind of touched on it early in the first part of the question, I want to address it is the residential side. There is no doubt that places  and again, our residential outlook is only on a few places. But it got hurt as you think about it going into COVID. The way its recovering is pretty interesting to me. And we have a really interesting barometer. If you remember at Assembly, pre-COVID, we were opening up a big 500-unit building that we call Montage. And in that building, in the fourth quarter of 18, October, November, December of 18, before any COVID, that building, we had average rents of $3.35. Ironically, were now opening the second building, which is also 500 units, and its right next door. Its called Micelle. Its leasing up faster than we thought, and its leasing up at $3.85 in that fourth quarter, 15% more than pre-COVID at Assembly Row. Its really interesting. And if you look at the deals that are happening in January and February, its not a big sample size because of January and February in Boston, but those are well over $4. So there is something thats happening here with respect to lifestyle, with respect to shopping, with respect to certainly the office piece in terms of whats to come there that is really  that really feels to me like an energized pre-COVID time that, to some level, is here to stay.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second question is  with the recent  the prime waves that have happened and stores that have been targeted, I mean, your portfolio has been hit. On the public earnings calls, all the companies that Ive asked so far, everyone said, there is a little bit more security costs but no tenant has changed their leasing plans or is moving stores. And yet when we speak to people and some of the companies privately or speak to others that are involved in retail in urban settings, its a different story. So my question is, is it just that, in general, there is really been no fallout. There is increased lease security costs, but in general, there is been no leasing fallout. Tenants really arent shifting their portfolios or is it that, yes, in certain markets, they are seeing a change, but its not a change that is appearing nationally as the retailers look at their fleets?
Don Wood: I can really only respond to our properties in our markets, and I can tell you there has not been a change in any of the retailers plans for moving forward because of price.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, okay. Thank you, Don.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. You may proceed with your question.
Craig Schmidt: Yes. Thank you. You guys have come out of COVID being rather aggressive, impressively so on your external growth. Youve really taken up your acquisitions and you continue to push on your redevelopment. Im just wondering though, with the continued pressure on cap rates, may you start to favor redevelopments over acquisitions just because its tougher to buy and adding value when cap rates are so attractive is a compelling proposition?
Don Wood: Great question, Craig. Lets let Jeff jump on that first, particularly from the acquisition side.
Jeff Berkes: Yes. Hi, Craig, good evening. I think youre right on the point. We were really happy with what we got done in 21. As Dan mentioned in his prepared remarks, we got that those deals done in the first half of the year, generally speaking, which was great. All the properties we bought in 21 have great redevelopment and value-add opportunities going forward, which as you know we think is very important when you are buying something. The second half of the year [indiscernible] tightened up yield now, whether youre talking about cap rate or IRR, are lower than they were pre-pandemic. And where public equity trades in the teens on average, its a real head scratcher as to how you make the numbers work for your normal grocery anchored neighborhood or a community center. The numbers just dont work, especially when you look out a few years and what the growth of the property level needs to be to support the implied growth in the equity thats issued by the asset. I think youre spot on. And as you know, were careful about that kind of stuff. Weve always been really disciplined because weve never felt pressured to buy anything because we have, as Don said, so many tools in the tool bag. So we will continue doing what weve done for the last two decades that most of us have been here and will be careful about what we buy and make sure its got good go-forward growth prospects, densification opportunities, lease-up releasing, all that kind of stuff. But certainly, if you dont have the ability to source that stuff, if you dont have the ability to take advantage of those opportunities, just growing by buying something in todays market is not a very good idea, in my view.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Katy McConnell with Citi. You may proceed with your question.
Katy McConnell: Hi, everyone. Thanks. Just wondering if you could walk us through some of the key swing factors that could get you to the higher or the low end of your updated FFO guidance range? It is still a fairly wide range for this year. And what would need to happen for you to narrow that more throughout the year?
Dan Guglielmone: Its Dan. Hi, Katy, how are you? Look, I think that weve given a range of 3% to 5% for comparable property. I think that kind of what goes in that is just collections, both prior and prior period as well as kind of going forward current. Also kind of what we do with regards to term fees, which weve kind of reduced. Our prior period rents have also been reduced. Weve given a range. I think youll see on Page 33, in our guidance we gave kind of a little bit of a range with regards to G&A expense of $50 million to $54 million. I think its a little bit of a sense of the range of development, redevelopment capital that we can put to use. And then also how much equity we raise. Weve also  how quickly some of the rents can come online at our developments as well as the rest of the year, how we can get things rent started. So I think there is a whole host of those. I think our  weve given a range of credit reserve at around 2%, plus or minus 50 basis points. Thats another one. Obviously, that shows up, will be reflected in the 3% to 5% comparable to an extent. But those really, I think, kind of are levers that get us there with regards to that stated range of guidance. Again, it does not include dispositions, does not include acquisitions, does not include any changes in our revenue recognition with regards to cash versus accrual.
Michael Bilerman: Its Michael Bilerman here with Katy. Don, I was wondering if you can maybe step back and just think about capital sources and uses. You have $300 million to $400 million of development and redevelopment spend that you have targeted for this year. And in your opening comments, it sounded like there was number of transactions on the acquisition front that you have underway. You list here about $300 million to $400 million of equity, which is effectively  I dont know if that equity is all common equity. I dont know if youre deeming that to be equity selling assets. But just talk a little bit about how you think about funding that growth and how significant it could be.
Don Wood: You bet, Michael. So the first thing you got to remember is that weve got forward equity contracts of $250 million.
Dan Guglielmone: $260 million, Don.
Don Wood: $260 million that has already been sold, that will be taken down in 2022 at some point. Thats important. Incremental equity in our budget is another $140 million or so on top of that. Were also looking at selling a couple of assets that probably should think  you should think about another $100 million or so there. So what were really certainly trying to do is be very balanced with respect to the capital that we would use  that again, have raised a lot of it already. Thats important. Were not going to lever up the company. Were going the other way. And so the notion of new deals and how those deals would be financed, theyll stand on their own. And we will figure out the best way to finance those depending on what type of assets they are, where were going. But with respect to the stuff thats committed, were in really good shape because of the pre-funded equity so far and the couple of dispositions that we would do.
Michael Bilerman: And I guess from a volume perspective, how do you think about  you added all the yield back to the supplemental, thank you for that. Some pretty attractive yields relative to where the acquisition market is being priced and certainly relative to where you got those deals off last year, so I guess, why not activate more of the stuff thats in your wheelhouse versus going out and paying lower cap rates for acquisitions and issuing equity at a discount to where your NAV is, right? I mean due to diluted
Don Wood: First of all, I fully agree with you, Michael. I fully agree with you, which you have to first really mixture you get is all the capital that has been spent to date that has not  that is not yet producing. And that is automatic FFO growth, automatic property level growth. And it is the single biggest source of growth in the next couple of years after plain old lease-up of a portfolio that is still under lease in terms of where it goes. Those two things are huge. The other thing with respect to acquisitions, and this is where I could not agree with you more. They have got to make a lot of sense. Now I will tell you that there is one that were looking at specifically in order to handle a 1033 transaction that we had a couple of years back. So there are  we will step up to be able to do a deal that makes sense overall on an overall tax reform tax perspective. But beyond that, your point is 110% right. I couldnt agree with you more.
Michael Bilerman: Okay, thanks. See you at Coco in a few weeks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. You may proceed with your question.
Greg McGinniss: Hi, good evening. I guess looking at leasing, the leasing volumes are obviously quite strong. Rent spreads are slightly less exciting. Could you just talk about market rent growth that youre seeing relative to 2019? And then in what regions youre either seeing more strength or recovery in rent growth?
Don Wood: Yes. I can start on that. When, you jump in wherever I screw this up. But the  when we sit and we look at 6%, 8%, 9%, something like that, which is where we expect to be overall, that is  thats about where we are overall compared to not only 19, but what is in place all the way through. When you look specifically to 19, and I just did this to get comfortable with it, we are 3%, 4%, 5%-or-so higher than 2019 overall. That doesnt mean, and I have said this 100 times, that it will always be the case that there arent specific deals that will either drag that down or drag that way up. In this particular quarter, I got a  was a good example of it. We had a CDS in line at Barretts Road, one of our best shopping center that we could not accommodate a drive-through. They left the shopping center to go across the street for a drive-thru. Those things happen. That was a big rent payer that wouldnt be able to be replaced without that deal, those rollovers that would have been eight for the company. So, there is always a couple of things like that. They go both ways throughout the company. But overall, you are talking about a level of demand thats in excess of the supply of our particular product. So overall, you should expect that continued growth in rents. The other thing is, though, you have kind of translate that down to the bottom line. And when you hear big numbers of rollovers, but no growth at the bottom line, you kind of sit there and say, what, because from my perspective, taking  being able to expand that properties that are fully settled as great retail destinations like a Pike & Rose, or like an Assembly, like a Santana Row, to be able to add buildings to expand what you have. My gosh, thats great risk-adjusted growth. That really needs to be thought through and considered in terms of it. So, both the leasing and the expansion and the PIPs, the property improvement plans, all of that, when that happens, winds up, I think would show you bottom line growth that is consistent and sustainable for a number of years. Thats the name of the game.
Greg McGinniss: Alright. Well, thank you. And then just regarding those potential acquisitions that you and Michael were referencing, what are you seeing in the market from a cap rate perspective? And how do you think that impacts the value of your portfolio? I know, Dan, a few years ago gave us his NAV estimate, which I believe you werent too pleased about. I am giving in the first place to comment otherwise, which we all appreciate it?
Don Wood: First of all, Greg, thats just good topics between Dan and I. Its not  we are on the same page in terms of that. Look, I dont know. Its been  its so well publicized. Its so well clear that really strong shopping centers today are in the markets that we want to hit or some general. I mean thats really  when you take a look at the big projects that we have, when you look at what the value of CocoWalk is going to be when you come and see it, when you take a look at whats being added at Pike & Rose, at Assembly, etcetera. I think you are going to  I think its pretty obvious that you are talking about sub-5 across the board in this company. Not at every shopping center, but across the board in store. And so when you look at that, you can do the math. Thats the way you think the NAV should be. But to me, that NAV is critically important. The most important thing about that, that ties obviously into the cap rate. Where is the growth, man, how are you going to grow it and whats that thing going to be like in a few years because thats what a buyer is paying for.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. And then just to follow-up on that, with the new structure in place, should we expect to see some use of that structure in terms of OP units to help on the acquisition side?
Don Wood: Maybe yes, maybe no. That is  that was an administrative change that was, frankly, we found a relatively simply the simple way and inexpensive way to do it or do foundationally to be able to do that, such that so that we werent in any disadvantage should the opportunities come up. So, I know its not a bad thing in any way you look at it. And to the extent some of the deals we are talking about are looking at can utilize that and give the particular seller more comfort, great. But I couldnt handicap it with you is that  so yes, that means we will do four deals instead of one deal or that kind of thing. But its generally a good thing.
Greg McGinniss: Alright. Thanks.
Don Wood: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital. You may proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Thanks for the time. I think you mentioned about 150 basis points of occupancy growth in the prepared remarks from year-end to year-end. But just curious if you can give us any sense of the cadence throughout the year. Typically see some seasonality in the first quarter, but that seems to have gone out the window with COVID here and the recovery to-date. So, just curious if you have any wisdom to share on how we should think about occupancy for 22?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. I think that growth  and its a range where we are trying to get up into that 92.5% to high-90s range. I think you should just model it pro rata by quarter. I dont think there is a particular key in terms of where  how that increase will occur on the occupied metric.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. Great. And then just on Santana West, hoping you could give us a little color on how those leasing discussions are progressing, any expectation for signing a lease here in the near-term to give us more confidence? And maybe adding that incremental NOI to like a 23 property NOIs as that development comes on, or how should we think of the timing of that potentially?
Don Wood: On this particular issue, I have never been so toured in my life about talking more than I should or less than I should on this. I know what I am very comfortable with is that the conversations that are happening are a bit of a horserace right now. And the notion of kind of helping one versus the other, I dont want to signal anything on that more than to tell you that we are making some good progress. I am not going to put a time on it, and I cant give a little bit more given the nature of the negotiations at this point. Sorry.
Juan Sanabria: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. You may proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Hi Don. Hope you guys are well. I wanted to ask you about the cash basis tenants, still pretty elevated here. I dont think there is a change versus last quarter. I guess I am curious why we arent seeing more progress on that given the backdrop. You are doing tons of leases, rents are going up. How do we square that versus the optimism thats early, obviously, in your voice and your outlook?
Dan Guglielmone: What are you referring to with regards to your question regarding the cash basis tenants?
Haendel St. Juste: The percentage, I am looking here at 26% of  lets see.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. There is no plans for us to switch them back from a cash basis to an accrual basis. There is likely to be some fairly high hurdles for us to do that. And look, even pre-COVID, we had a big chunk. Most of our restaurants on a cash basis to begin with already. So, I wouldnt anticipate  its not as though there is any progress, we need to see kind of repayment of deferrals, you need to see other progress with regards to consistency and payments, and then we will make those decisions. But I wouldnt anticipate anything in  and thats why we have nothing in our guidance with regards to making that change from cash to accrual.
Haendel St. Juste: Yes. Got it. And for clarity, but what was that pre-COVID, what was the range relative?
Dan Guglielmone: Probably around kind of the mid-teens as a percentage of ABR, just a big chunk of that was restaurants, and then our normal cash base has been tenants of lower rent quality, lower quality tenants at any one point in time.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Okay. Thanks for that. And a question on rent commencements, last year, certainly, the focus on rent collections, this year, more so on rent commencement. And I am just I guess I am curious to a question of supply chain and labor constraints. Any risk of perhaps not meeting some of the rent commencement timelines and risk to the side note opened rents? And any sense of anything you are able to do to perhaps compress some of those timelines or work with tenants in any way? Thanks.
Don Wood: Yes. The answer is yes to all the questions you just asked about it Haendel. I mean look, supply chain is a big deal. And are we able to do stuff about it, you bet we are from the standpoint of certain of the components of it, whether you are talking about HVAC equipment, whether you are talking about some of the provisions in the lease where that tenant will work with us, there are things that we have done and continue to do. And as Wendy loves to say, and boy, you cant argue with this, is great relationships with tenants means that there is a partnership there in trying to get a store open. And that partnership means there is more likely to have a give and take in that  in the build-out process of where you can find the right equipment to be able to get stuff in. And we have had some real good success getting started with that. Does that mean there is no risk on the supply chain side, the store opening, of course, not. But it tells you differently as you look at them square in the eye because thats whats going on in the country right now. But we are all over, and frankly, have been all over for quite some time, floating staffing up there, including helping as best we can with relationships in the cities on the permitting side, which is always the least predictable part of this. So, all hands on making sure that the 3 million square feet of leasing that has been done at this company in the past is able to have its best chance for starting before or on the dates that we have got forecast.
Haendel St. Juste: Could you guys give an updated number for the side but not yet rents? I think last quarter, that figure was like $25 million. You expected 90% to hit this year. Can you give us?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. No, with sign and not occupied, that  whats identified and a difference between our leased and occupied is about $23 million. We have also got a big chunk that is effectively about $17 million. That is in our non-comparable or basically currently in our redevelopment pipeline as well as whats in our current pipeline of kind of 2022 deals that have been signed so far and going forward gets you up into the $50 million-plus of total rent starts potentially. So, we feel good about where we stand, and we see that as a big driver of some upside in over 22 and into 23.
Haendel St. Juste: Wonderful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point. You may proceed with your question.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks guys for taking my question. Actually following up on what Haendel asked about as well. I mean, if I do the math, I see excluding the NOI coming online from the development pipeline, which could be up to $75 million, you have got more than $10 million of NOI growth sort of identified here if I add up all of these pieces. So, if we start factoring this out, and obviously, not all of it is going to come online in 22, but a significant amount will be probably back ended in 22 into 23, but we are looking here at double-digit NOI growth going into  by the end of 23 comfortably double digits. That seems pretty attractive. Are we missing something here?
Dan Guglielmone: Well, keep in mind, I mean, look, we will have strong growth as the developments come online. And I think you can look at our additional disclosure on the big projects to kind of get a sense of that. Keep in mind, though, also there is the offset of capitalized interest going away as we deliver those buildings. We have signed leases there as we deliver those spaces to the tenants. Obviously, we shut off and capitalized interest. So, thats a bit of an offset. So obviously, thats what flows down to the bottom line. Its just not kind of how quickly we grow the NOI on top. Obviously, there is capital associated with some of the redevelopment and expansions that we have got.
Floris Van Dijkum: And then as Don sort of alluded to in some of your residential leasing, presumably, having a building that signing rents 15% higher than next door, that suggests that the existing rents have some significant potential upside here as well. How long will it take, do you think, in your view, to harvest some of that residential rental upside as well?
Don Wood: Yes, thats a great question, Haendel. And that should be a source of positivity for 2022, particularly through the spring season, and so later in the year, a little bit of luck, we will have that big building up at Assembly all these stuff by the end of the year, which would be great, which would be good stuff for 2023. And really, based on whats going on in Boston right now, that is a real bright spot from a life sciences perspective and a back-to-work perspective and a job creation perspective. That is one of our, if not our strongest markets, which is interesting because it was a market that was hurt the most during COVID.
Floris Van Dijkum: Got it. Thats it for me.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Linda Tsai with Jefferies. You may proceed with your question.
Linda Tsai: Hi, can you discuss expectations embedded in your POI growth of 3% to 5%? Whats the balance between growth in revenues and expenses?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. I think that the  we would expect expenses  we have got a good year with regards to real estate taxes and keeping them low this year, so they should have be grow from this level. I would expect that there should be kind of modest, kind of bigger 3% rent expense growth kind of ordinary course from that perspective. And then obviously, just occupancy growing, with collections growing, with the offset of some prior period and lower term fees and so forth, all factor in. And obviously, some of the credit reserve is embedded in there beyond just the collection impact. So, all of those  but with regards to expenses, I would forecast kind of a traditional kind of 3% increase on both OpEx and real estate taxes. And maybe a little bit higher on the OpEx, just got to get inflationary pressure, but thats all embedded in that 3% to 5%.
Linda Tsai: And then what are you forecasting for bad debt in 2022?
Dan Guglielmone: Its  like I said, our credit reserve is call it, 2%, plus or minus 50 basis points. I think there is a bunch of  traditionally, we are kind of in the 50 basis points of bad debt as a component of that credit reserve. Its going to be elevated, I would expect, probably going to be at least north of 1%. And thats whats  and there is a range thats reflected in that 3% to 5%. But it will be elevated in 22 even above kind of the collection in that.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. And then in the earlier comments, you have mentioned that lease-up at Marcella is getting 15% higher rents. Is there anything in particular driving that maybe in terms of the demographics that are moving in?
Don Wood: No, its job growth. Its job growth in Boston. I mean life science is absolutely on fire. Its returned to work. Its just a powerful job-creating market, a lot of relocations into the market from other parts of the country. Very impressive.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of todays question-and-answer session. I would like to turn this call back over to Ms. Leah Brady for closing remarks.
Leah Brady: Thanks for joining us today. We look forward to seeing everybody at Citi conference in a couple of weeks.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Third Quarter 2021 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Mike Ennes. Thank you. You may begin.
Mike Ennes: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty 's third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call, are Don Wood, Dan G, Jeff Berkes, Wendy Seher, Dawn Becker, and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results including guidance. Although Federal Realty believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty 's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements.  And we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued today on our annual reported filed on Form 10-K, and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. We kindly ask that you limit your questions to one question and a follow-up during the Q&A portion of our call. If you have additional questions, please feel free to jump back in the queue. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our third quarter results. Don.
Don Wood: Thanks, Mike. Good afternoon, everybody. By the way, that was Mike Ennes stepping in for Leah Brady. We're going to do this call today as Leah just gave birth to a second child last week, a boy named Weston. Mom and baby are doing great. If you do get the chance, please reach out by email to congratulate her. So, my prepared remarks today are going to sound a lot like last quarter, because the recovery continues on updated and ahead of schedule.  The momentum that we took into the second quarter carried through and in fact strengthened in the third quarter, most evidently on the office leasing demand side at our mixed-use properties. I'll just cut to the chase here and summarize where we are in 5 easy points. For one, we killed it in the third quarter at $1.51 a share. Secondly, we raised our 2021 total year guidance by over 7% at the midpoint. Thirdly, we raised our '22 guidance, the only shopping center real estate Company to get '22 guidance so far by the way, similarly by over 6% at the midpoint. And Dan is going to talk about 2023 and 2024 also.  We executed 119 retail leases for 430,000 feet of comparable space at 7% higher cash basis rents than the leases they replaced. And we ended up the quarter with our Office product fully leased up at CocoWalk, 89% leased are under executed LOI at Pike & Rose, 88% leased are under executed LOI at Assembly Row. We're even having some consequential discussions with full building users at Santana West. And then after the quarter, you might have seen last week that we signed a 105,000 square foot deal with Choice Hotels to be the leading tenant in the next phase at Pike & Rose.  Some serious office leasing progress for any 3-month period, never mind 1, which decision-makers are still unsure of their future office space needs. Sure, says a lot about many rich new constructions in our markets. We'll put more meat on the bone for each of those points and others. That's where this Company is. We sit here in the first week of November 2021, we're feeling great about our market position. With FFO with a $1.51 per share, we exceeded even our most optimistic internal forecasts, we're up 35% over last year's recovering third quarter.  We didn't anticipate the bounce back in nearly all facets of our business to be so fast and so strong, even with the effects of the Delta variant surge. The quarterly positive impact of the past recovery meant that we collected more rent in the third quarter from prior periods than we anticipate, $8 million collected versus a few million forecasts. We had significantly less unpaid rent in the quarter than we anticipated. We collected 96% of what was due. We had far fewer tenant failures than we anticipated. And at $4.9 million, we had far higher percentage rent from COVID -modified and unmodified leases than we had anticipated.  We also had less dilution from our new residential construction in Assembly Row. Because our lease -up is well ahead of schedule at this point, nearly half the new residential building is already lease d. Even the 3 hotels in our mixed-use properties are performing better than we thought that they would be at this point, with occupancy and all 3 back into the mid-60s and better. And of course, we more than covered our dividend on an operating cash basis in the third quarter as we did last quarter. As a reminder, that's the dividend that was never cut during COVID.  So, all that means that we'll significantly raise earnings guidance, and take a peek at the out years too. As we've said all along, visibility to our 2022 earnings was ironically better than 2021. That's proven to be the case. Dan will talk through guidance details in a few minutes. On the retail leasing side, we continue to see strong demand across the board and see that continuing for the foreseeable future. Over the last 4 quarters, we've done 442 comparable deals for nearly 2 million square feet. Not counting another couple of 100,000 feet for non-comparable new development.  To put that in to context, that's 27% more deal volume, 25% more square footage than the annual average over the last decade., a decade that itself was very strong for us from a retail leasing standpoint. We've been saying all along, demand for Federal Realty properties, that's not the issue. They are high demand from today's relevant and well-capitalized restaurants and retailers that are all trying to improve their sales productivity post - COVID through better real estate locations.  We've always been pickier than most in terms of the tenants we choose to curate our centers. When you couple that with the execution of the broad post - COVID property improvement plans that we talked about over the last several quarters, that higher capital outlay today will result significantly higher asset value tomorrow. Places that are fresher, more dominant, more relevant in a myriad of ways in the communities they serve for years and years to come. The value of our real estate net of capital is going up.  And the prospects appear to be better than they were before COVID. But assigned lease designing for our rent store and the well-publicized supply chain issues affecting most U.S. businesses will have been manage thoughtfully and definitely in the next 18 months to move all those tends from signed lease commitments to build out operating stores, in the shortest possible time frame, at a reasonable cost. Although we're talking about a shortage of rooftop air conditioning units, or production shortages or kitchen equipment from overseas or material stuck on boats way and offload, supply-chain issues are broad and to some extent unpredictable. As a Company, we're all over it and we have been for months.  Early ordering, stockpiling, problem solving, and leveraging longstanding relationships are all tools that we're using to mitigate filled out the legs. At quarter's end, our portfolio was 92.8% leased, and 90.2% occupied. Both improvements over last quarter, and the quarter before that. But a long way from being 95% lease, which we were just 3 years ago. The earnings upside from not only getting rent started in all the leasing we've done to date, but the continuation of occupancy gains to historic levels and maybe higher over the next couple of years, provides a visible and low-risk window as a strong future growth.  And that's before considering the inevitable earnings growth coming from the lease up of our billion-dollar plus development and redevelopment pipeline, the cost of which are largely locked in and are very active acquisition program also will add to that. By the way, we did close on the $34 million acquisition of Twinbrooke Shopping Centre in Fairfax, Virginia in another off-market transaction during the third quarter, marking the fifth deal that we closed in 2021 and the second in Northern Virginia.  Very excited about the remerchandising and rent upside is underinvested shopping centers stable in the middle of Fairfax County. I've got to believe that the visibility of this Company is bottom line earnings growth. Coming out of COVID is on a risk-adjusted basis, one of the, if not the, most transparent in the sector. That's about all I have for my prepared comments. Let me turn it over to Dan, who will be happy to entertain your questions after that.
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you, Don. Good afternoon, everyone. Feels really good to be here discussing another quarter, where we blew away expectations. $1.51 per share of FFO represented a 7% sequential gain over a strong second quarter, 35% above 3Q last year, and with $0.23 above our expectations, which represents an 18% beat. As Don highlighted, the outperformance was broad-based, with upside coming from continued progress on collections, occupancy at leasing gains, better - than - forecasted contributions from hotel, parking, and percentage rent, faster lease -up at our developments, and another accretive off-market transaction.  While collections climbed higher to 96% in the current period, up from 94% last quarter, plus another 8 million of prior-period collection, leasing is what continues to command center stage for yet another quarter at Federal. Momentum that started during the second half of 2020 continues with a fifth consecutive quarter of well-above-average leasing volumes across the portfolio. We saw our occupied percentage surge 60 basis points in the quarter, 89.6% to 90.2%.  Other strong leasing metrics to note, our small shop lease occupancy metric continued its climb upward, as it grew another 40 basis points to 86.1%, coming on top of the nearly 200 basis point gain in the second quarter. Overall, small shop is up 260 basis points year-over-year. Leasing momentum continues to be driven by strengthen our lifestyle portfolio, as we signed leases with such relevant tenants of tomorrow, names such as [Indiscernible] Jenni Kayne, American Giant, Herman Miller, Peloton, Las lab, purple, another parity location, another Nike location, our fourth this year.  And restaurants such as Slot line, Moto [Indiscernible] Astro beer hall, Gregory's coffee, and van Loon, just to name a few. Some of these names, you may not be familiar with, but trust me, you will. Office leasing continues to be a bright spot, with 224 thousand square feet of leases signed during the quarter, and subsequent to quarter-end, including the investment grade rated Choice Hotels deals by Don Highland. Comparable property growth, again, while not particularly relevant this year, continued its resurgence up 16%. Please note for those that keep track, as we expected, term fees in the quarter were down significantly to $500,000 versus $6.1 million in the third quarter of last year.  A headwind of a minus 4.2%, without it our comparable metric would have been 20%. Our remaining spend on our $1.2 billion in-process development pipeline stands at $215 million with another $50 million remaining on our property improvement initiatives across the portfolio. You may have noticed that we added a new project to our redevelopment schedule in our 8-K, a complete repositioning of Huntington shopping center, on the latter. An $80 million project which will transform a physically obsolete power center on a great piece of land, into a re-merchandised whole food anchored center.  The project is expected to achieve an incremental yield of 7%. Now, onto the balance sheet, and an update on liquidity, and leverage. For the $125 million of mortgage debt having been repaid over the last 60 days, we have no debt maturing until mid-2023. We continue to be opportunistic selling tactical amounts of common equity for ATM program on our forward sales agreements. And as a result, we maintained ample available liquidity of $1.45 billion as of quarter-end, comprised of our undrawn $1 billion revolver, roughly a $180 million of cash and $270 million of equity to be issued on our forward agreements.  Additionally, our leverage metrics continue to show marked improvement. Pro forma for our 2021 acquisitions over equity, under contract, our run-rate for net debt to EBITDA is down to 6.0 times. Pro forma for leases signed, yet not open, the figure is 5.8 times. Fixed charge coverage is backed up to 3.9 times. Our targeted leverage ratios remain in the low-to-mid 5 times for net debt EBITDA and above 4x for fixed charge coverage. We are almost there. Finally, let's turn to guidance.  Given the strong recovery we are experiencing in 2021, we will be meaningfully increasing guidance again for both this year and 2022. Taking 2021 up 7.4% from a prior range of $5.05 to $5.15 to $5.45 to $5.50 per share. This implies 21% year-over-year growth versus 2020 at the midpoint. And are taking 2022 up 6.5% from a prior range of $5.30 to $5.50 for a revised range of $5.65 to $5.85 per share. And while maybe premature, preliminary targets from our model show FFO growth in 2023, and 2024 in the 5% to 10% range. The drivers behind the improved outlook for 2021, first, a significantly stronger third quarter than previously expected.  And this should continue in the fourth quarter as we increase our fourth quarter estimate to $1.36 to $1.41 per share, a 10% improvement versus previous guidance, but down from this quarter. While we again collected more rent than expected from prior periods in the third quarter, we don't expect that to repeat. Repairs and maintenance demo and other expenses are all expected at elevated levels as we continue to drive the quality of our existing portfolio, and G&A will be higher in the fourth quarter as well, given higher compensation expense. In addition, we forecast issuing a $150 million to $200 million of common equity under our forward agreements before year-end.  For 2022, the improvement in outlook is driven by strength across all facets of our business from our occupancy growth driven by the continued momentum of leasing activity, contributions from our in-process $1.2 billion development pipeline, a full-year contribution for all of our 2021 acquisitions and higher collections as we returned to pre - COVID levels. Let me try to add some color to each of these areas to provide greater transparency to a multi-year path of out-sized growth. The first driver of growth, occupancy, and leasing, which I would like to break into two components.  First, what deals are already executed. With physical occupancy at 90.2% and our lease rate at 92.8% are signed not open spread to 260 basis points for our in-place portfolio. This represents roughly $25 million of incremental total rent. The second component. What leasing demand will drive going forward? Given the strength of our leasing pipeline, getting back to 95% lease, a level we were at just 3 years ago, is certainly achievable. If you look at our current pipeline of new leasing activity for currently unoccupied space, this could add another approximately a 115 basis points the current lease percentage or $12 million of total rent upside when executed.  Please note, for every 100 basis points of occupancy gain, we see roughly $10 million in additional total rent on average. The third driver of growth, our development pipeline. At $1.2 billion of spend, we'll throw off just over $10 million of POI in 2021 for about 1%. So, the stabilized projected yield in the mid to low 6% range, it should produce $70 million to $75 million of POI when stabilized. The $60 million to $65 million of incremental POI should begin to deliver more fully in 2022, but will also be a meaningful driver of POI growth in 2023 and 2024.  Please note, as we did before COVID, next quarter, we plan to reinclude in our 8-K supplement, the disclosure detailing the ramp up of POI for each of the projects in our pipeline. The fourth driver of growth in 2022, acquisitions. as they -- as Don mentioned, the closing of Twinbrooke Shopping Centre, our fifth off-market deal of the year brings our consolidated investment to $440 million, plus $360 million on a pro rata basis with a blended going in yield of 5.5% plus a full-year of contribution, these purchases are very accretive.  Lastly, collections. Current period collections for 2021 are forecasted to finish at 95% on average, for the entire year. We are expecting that to be higher in 2022 with pre-COVID levels returning in 2023. This is expected to more than offset any falloff in prior rent collection next year. Keep in mind for every 100 basis points, a collection percentage improvement that represents almost $9 million annually.  Please note that similar to last quarter, there is no benefits assumed to our guidance in either 2021 or 2022, from switching tenants from cash back to accrual basis accounting. The combination of these primary drivers of growth supplemented by forecasted upside in other parts of our business such as parking, tell investments, percentage rent, gives us a clear and transparent path of growth, not only in 2022 but beyond into 2023 and 2024. We couldn't be happier with our market position and expect to have sector-leading FFO growth over the next few years. And with that, Operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. [Operator Instructions]. [Operator Instructions]. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, we ask that you limit yourselves to one question and one follow-up per person. One moment, please while we pull the questions. Our first question is from Alexander Goldfarb of Piper Sandler. Please state your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good evening, Don. 1, it's great to see that you already are putting out '23 and '24 guidance. So, I guess it's going to be the standard thing you'll -- you're going to sandbag those and next quarter we'll see those numbers raised as well. But the bigger question here, Don, is what is actually going on asset properties at the operations everywhere that the recovery is so strong and the tenant demand is so strong? Meaning, a number of years ago, tenants were still coming to your centers, taking space.  They could see the consumer shopping at your properties. What is going on now that it's supercharged? Is it just merely that these tenants don't have the threat of the online shopping? I mean, it's just been incredible and I know I've asked this question before, but the pace of demand across retail this quarter is just mind-blowing and it just really begs the question for these retailers really just holding back before? Or is it really fleshing out of the bad credit that's allowed you guys to have better space to rent to people who are willing to pay higher rents?
Don Wood: Well, first of all Alex, it's good to know that you are very predictable in terms of the first part of your statements are not a question. But the -- in terms of the bigger -- in terms of the question you're asking, it's a whole bunch of things. It's not just one thing, but certainly the notion of the amount of time that -- there are a lot of people assume certainly in our markets have not -- had not been out and had been at home and have restrictions one way or the other. I got to tell you, as you know, that gets old. And so, you would have thought -- I think you're seeing a revised -- rejuvenises if you will, low for socialization.  I can tell you any restaurants, certainly in New York, that you would see you would be -- you can't even get a reservation. And we're seeing that same thing throughout our properties. So, people want to be out. Tenants are upgrading their space and having the ability. Obviously, I'm talking at our portfolio primarily, but having the ability to get into better real estate, in a portfolio that was as low as 89% is some-odd percent leased. That's just rare as it gets perfect. And so, the ability to actually have a chance to upgrade is -- it's a huge driver as we've been talking about all the way through. From a consumer perspective, you've certainly got the demand.  From a real estate perspective, the tenant perspective, you certainly have the demand, and then the other side of it is -- and this surprise me. You can call it sandbagging or whatever, but it's surprised me that we have not lost more tenants over the past 6 or 8 months in 2021. The notion of tenants holding on to their properties and finding a way to make it through and not wanting to lose their superior positions from real estate was greater than we expected. So, the combination of not losing them, having availability from the 89% coming back up, and the strong consumer demand, you put those 3 things together. And I think you've got the bulk of the answer to your question. And we have a say and we don't see a change to that, at this point. That's continuing strong in an innovative way.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second is on Office, you had a win with Choice Hotels and I think you mentioned Santana West. We all hear the low return of Office numbers and yet all the Office companies talk about the really strong leasing that's going on. Clearly, you're seeing that in demand for your different mixed-use project. So, as you look out over the next 12 months, how many new office projects do you think you could start based on the conversations that you're having today, is it just 1 or 2? Or you think you can easily balance 4, 5 or 6 buildings to go?
Don Wood: No, no. No, Alex. It's the trice building. It's one. For us, first of all, just get it all in perspective. There is Assembly Row with office Pike & Rose, with office potential opportunities and it's Santana Row. In all 3 markets, the demand is there. The Santana West is a different kettle of fish because it's one big building that we're looking for one big tenant to take the whole thing. At Assembly, the -- what has happened to the building that was Puma and just boom up forever has been astonishing in the past period of time. There you may see us able to announce another building next year.  We're working it hard right now. But to your point, that demand could mean that there's a faster route to the next building. In terms of Pike & Rose, we certainly didn't expect to be announcing another office building here, as you know, building we just moved into. We were the only tenants in here on August 10th of 2020. The notion that this building is 90% or 89, whatever it is, percent lease, and our conversations with Choice, who originally started about this building, was such that we could not accommodate them.  We needed, if we wanted to do that deal, to started another building. It's astonishing. And I don't think this is even handed throughout the country. Obviously, there's a whole question of what happens to office-based as in terms of needs going forward over the next decade. But I know if you're in an amenity rich environment with new buildings in places like where we are. I know you are in the catbird seat. Because I'm seeing it in terms of the deals we're doing. So, 1, maybe 2 buildings over the next year.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thank you, Don.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Schmidt: Great, thanks. I just -- the acquisitions in your acquisition pipeline, are these still deals that you originated in 2020, or are they deals that you struck up since '21 started? And how are you doing with the more competitive cap rates?
Don Wood: Yeah, the -- so everything we've announced to this date were pre - COVID negotiated deals, or deals that started in their negotiation. A pre -COVID often got renegotiated during COVID and allowed us to close, to me, 5 of the best acquisitions we've ever done at this Company. Now, going forward, you bet it's different, because it's not back in a big way. I'm going to let Jeff give you his perspective of where that road leads. Doesn't mean we can't find them, but it's certainly harder than it was to be able to get those 5 deals done during COVID, did it?
Jeff Berkes: Yes. Craig, as you probably know the market, like Don said, has snap back very quickly. And it is very active, deals, institutional quality, first-ranked deals in the markets where we do business are now 4.5 to 5 cap deals. So very aggressive pricing. We have a pretty strong pipeline. Our acquisitions teams are busy.  Nothing real material to talk about yet, but we've got some stuff on the Verizon we're excited about and maybe next quarter or 2 we will be able to talk more about it. But the market just picked up very, very significantly and we're obviously happy to see that, but being disciplined and differentiating ourselves by trying to get stuff before it comes to market and put our money into assets that we think we have a reasonable chance to redevelop and grow income stream over time.
Don Wood: And Craig, the only thing I just want to add to that is it's a different perspective when you're trying to do what Jeff is talking about here, when you also have the development pipeline that's already been spent creating inevitable future growth,
Jeff Berkes: when you also have a portfolio that was hit harder during COVID and therefore has more room to grow to get back to a stabilized occupancy. So, there are other levers, if you will, to flow that continue the growth. And frankly, any acquisitions are the cherry on top of an already very robust growth profile.
Craig Schmidt: Right. And then just on the other arm of external growth, maybe you could talk about Huntington. And do you already have anchor lined up to take the newly constructed anchor and small shops space?
Don Wood: Yeah, let's talk about Huntington. First of all, I think Simon did an amazing job, amazing job at the adjacent Walt Whitman Mall to Huntington. They did -- they just did a great job bringing the entire profile of that product up to what that market frankly deserves. That -- but we would've liked to have done something similar at Huntington, but we have leases in place which are restricted.  Well, COVID took care of that, didn't it? And so, the notion of being able, therefore, to go and lock in Whole Foods as our anchor, which we have, is a game changer. And so now the future of Huntington, which will marry up very nicely to a brand-new Whitman mall adjacent to it, with a Whole Foods anchored center, on that piece of land, I mean, it's gold. Give us a couple of years to get it built out and done, and that'll be another avenue for future growth for Federal.
Craig Schmidt: Yes. It seems like you're laying the groundwork for an extended period of above average growth, given that this would open in 2024.
Don Wood: It's certainly feels like it, Greg, it certainly feels like.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Katy Mcconnell of Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Katy Mcconnell: Thank you. I Just had another one on the new office plans for Pike & Rose. I'm wondering if you can provide some context around what you're expecting from a cost perspective? And just based on leasing progress to date would you expect somewhere close to the office portion of Phase 3?
Don Wood: It's a good question, Katie. And so, we are pretty darn good shape in locking up our costs, but we're not all the way there yet. Basically, at the end of the day, we should be able to yield as fix, and potentially better on the building. The building will be close to $200 million to build, hopefully not that high, but somewhere around that spot. And so, what it does, and that's a fully loaded 6, to the extent you talked about incremental will be higher. We're really just thrilled to be able to take what we've done and capitalize on it. I couldn't imagine starting that in a place that wasn't already very established with the amenity that's already here.
Katy Mcconnell: Okay. Great. And then just start on the results and we saw a big confident straight-line this quarter. I'm curious if you've started converting any of your cash basis tenants back to accrual this quarter? And how should we think about the run rate straight line going into 2022? It's probably going to be lumpy.
Dan Guglielmone: It will be lumpy, but it should grow with all the office leasing that we're doing. The big driver was boomer this quarter, which is still in a free rent period. But as we do more and more office leasing, that's going to push to our straight-line rent increasing, and that should increase next quarter and into 2022. And no changes to how we're assessing cash to accrual.
Katy Mcconnell: Okay great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Derek Johnston of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Derek Johnston: Hi, good evening, everyone. How are you doing?
Don Wood: Hi, Derek.
Derek Johnston: Have any of the big 3 master mixed-use developments recovered more briskly? Are there any leading or notable laggards? And if so, does that bode well for a snap-back in demand clearly for the laggard in the coming quarters or would you describe leasing demand as being relatively balanced across the big 3?
Don Wood: I would. I would say it's balanced now. And all 3 of them, they got hurt a lot more obviously than the essential base properties throughout the portfolio. And so those 3 still are not back to where they are going to be or where we want them at all. So yes, there is outside growth at those properties because as you know -- I mean, the office leasing is just one component of what we're seeing. And then you can imagine what it's doing to the retail side, in terms of the leasing that's coming to fill space that hadn't been there before. That growth will continue and we will take all of 2022, the variant in the 2023 where you'll continue to see that out-sized growth from those 3 properties space.  They are special properties now. That is where people want to be. It's also, as you can imagine, where people want to live. And so, I think we're like 97% leased at us at the residential component of those assets. Certainly, we have some restrictions in the jurisdictions that they're in on the ability to increase rents in the case of Montgomery County, and evict in the case of Summerville and Massachusetts. But overall, when you sit and you think about those, they were the places of choice. And so, we see some real good long-term growth on that component, of those mixed-use properties also.
Derek Johnston: Oh, okay great. And to -- just back to the off-market COVID era acquisitions, especially the 4 big ones prior to Twinbrooke or even including Twinbrooke. With private markets, which we've discussed being competitive and cap rates compressing, where do you feel those 4 assets would trade if they were being marketed today versus in the throes of the pandemic or how much value do you think is already been harvested in your view?
Don Wood: Significant. And Jeff and I argue about this, cause it's all conjecture, right? Who knows? But when you look at what things are trading at, all the way through, I'm thinking 15%, maybe 20% more? Big numbers.
Derek Johnston: Great guys, thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg Mcginniss of Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Mcginniss: Hey, good evening. So, Dan, and I apologize, I know you've covered some of this already. Could you please just outline the one-time items in Q3 results or changes expected into Q4? And then what are the base assumptions that underlie future guidance? And especially if you could just touch on the expected cadence of occupancy recovery, that'd be pretty appreciated. Thank you.
Dan Guglielmone: Sure. I mean, the big items for next quarter is as I mentioned, a little higher expenses of property level of repairs and maintenance, demo, and other expenses. I don't expect prior period meant to be as strong consistently, a bit poor forecasters of prior period rents. I think at some point that's going to fall off and I think this quarter feels like it probably is the quarter that has happened. I think we will be issuing and we plan to be issuing about a $150 million to $200 million of equity in the quarter, which will call some drag.  And then G&A is expected to be a bit higher due to compensation expenses. So those are the main drivers that take us all Focal 151 that we had this quarter. And then in terms of cadence of occupancy, I think next year, like by year-end, we should see continued growth in our occupancy percentage from the 90.2 where it is today, probably somewhere between 90.5 and 91, in that range. And then over the course, we'll be somewhere -- I think we should get into the 92s by year-end 2022. So somewhere between 92% and 93% is probably somewhere in that range is the cadence on occupancy.
Greg Mcginniss: Okay. Great, thanks. And then thinking about lease structure post-pandemic, have there been any changes in these terms or needs from retailers and office tenants as we talk to them today?
Wendy Seher : On the retail side, Greg, I don't see any changes. I did when we were in the middle of COVID, and as we're coming out, I see that we're in a strong position to negotiate what I call real deals and also participate in some cases in a percentage override. So, no, I think that we're in a strong position to continue to negotiate strong contracts for the future.
Greg Mcginniss: And on the office side, have you've seen any changes?
Don Wood: Yeah, activity. No, I like the way Wendy put it, Greg, they are real deals. And so, yeah there's a lot of capital, there is a lot of capital on all deals today and that is a trend that continues, but the rent pays for it. And so, when you look at it net of capital, these are good deals.
Greg Mcginniss: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Thanks for the time. Just curious on a couple of the hot topic items. One, inflation and two supply-chain issues. What impacts they are having? Do you expect the supply chain issues to have the lease versus occupied spread right now? Further before contracts given maybe some delays in getting permits and/or parks, you mentioned HVAC units and I'm just curious on how you see inflation impacting the profitability of your tenants. In particular, I'm curious about your thoughts on the grocers.
Don Wood: There's a lot to unpack in there. And certainly, as I tried to hit in the prepared remarks, the supply chain issues are so broad that yeah, they got to be managed really tightly, and there is absolutely risk there. And so, when you take a -- you go from lease to actually getting a tenant opened, we had better be proactive. And we have been extremely proactive about whether it be allowing for a larger lead time, whether it be moving ahead with work effectively before everything is all tied up.  A big one and I've -- Wendy mentions this all the time, and that's how I know it must be pervasive, is using our relationships with our tenant to be able to divide up work for who has the best leverage in a situation to get the appropriate supplies, or to trade some things out, has been really effective. So, I am certainly not expecting us to have significant delays throughout the year, there will certainly be example where we do, there will be other examples where we'll beat it.  But it does -- but your point is important. It has to be a very proactive and creative way to deal with something that is, in some respects, uncontrollable. So, we'll see how that plays out, so far so good. And then on the costs, really good thing that the biggest piece of our development pipeline is already locked in and is -- even as I sit here on 909 Rose, our office building here, this building was built with 2018 money. And even though there's been a delay and has taken longer to effectively get it leased up.  Now that it has, those deals are really good deals on 2018 money. And so, this will work out just fine same way at Santana, same way up in assembly. On a new stuff, we got a lock in early, best we can. Lock in price escalation, we got to leverage buying power with bulk purchases. We have the sole source alternate suppliers. It's all part of a very proactive and tightly controlled development organization. I think we're really good at.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks, Don. And then just my follow-up would just be on cap rates for acquisitions, you're looking at -- you mentioned in the release that you're aggressively looking for opportunities. Should we think of those as opportunities for those mid to high 4s for stabilized assets or are you targeting more redevelopment opportunities that maybe have some potential for you guys to add value with your platform and or leasing expertise? Just curious on how we should be thinking about that going forward.
Don Wood: I think you're really need to think about it from an IRR perspective. Because going in cap rates today are so -- you don't even know what the NOI or the POI is being captives when people talk about cap rates the way they are. Because of the disruptions of COVID, because of the assumptions being made about releasing and things like that. You have to dig deeper when somebody gives you a cap rate. What -- so from our perspective, we don't say no to something at a 4 or say yes to something at a 6 based on that cap rate, we are looking at where we can create value in that real estate.  And honestly, looking at IRR, with IRR assumptions. So, to the extent our IRR is over and above 150 basis points of our cost of capital as we define it, we like that deal. Sometimes 100 basis points over, sometimes 200 basis points over. We look at our IRR in a I'm very honest, sober way because I think if you only think about it in cap rate perspective, you miss the opportunities of the both.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Goldsmith of UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Goldsmith: Good evening, Don, Dan. Thanks for taking my question. Your occupied percentage grew 50, 60 basis points sequentially, but lease occupancy grew a bit less than that sequentially. So, can you help bridge the gap between all the strong commentary about what you're seeing in retail leasing and how that's reflected in your lease percentage? And then also is 200,000 square feet to 250,000 square feet of new leases the right piece to expect going forward?
Dan Guglielmone: With regards to the lease percentage being a little slower, it was actually reversed the last quarter where our lease percentage was up significantly by 90 basis points, something like that. Look, it's quarter-to-quarter, look for the trends. We see trends continuing upwards on our lease percentage, quarter-over-quarter, some quarters may be a little slower.  We had some tenants left. We took some space back. There were some issues that came up this quarter that put a little bit of a damper on our lease percentage momentum. But we would expect given the leasing activity that we have and the leasing activity in unoccupied space that we see, we should see -- that should resume to a better than basis point increase that you saw this quarter.  I think one thing to comment, Don, is that while our occupied percentage grew 60 basis points, I don't think we had any impact. We got rent started, and it was I think a strong quarter for that in terms of getting tenants in, getting them rent-paying. And that's going to ebb and flow from quarter-to-quarter. Don't look at any one particular quarter, look at the trends over time. And I think you see looking backwards, the trends have been very positive than I think that going forward we should expect that as well.
Michael Goldsmith: That's really helpful. And then on longer-term question. Don, you've talked a lot about reaching $7 a share in FFO over the past several calls in this updated guidance. If you take the high end of '22 numbers and you get that 10% growth in '23 and '24, you're going to get there. So, what has to go right in order for you to get their kind of by the end of 2024?
Don Wood: What's happening now. The single biggest thing that's going to impact the timing of the trajectory is the lease up of the Santana West building in California. As I've said, that's an on-off switch. Or hopefully it's an on-off switch because it's a we're looking for a single tenant user the building, at least the majority of the building.  So, the timing of that creates variability in that trajectory. And the second thing is, I am very confident this is going to be a 95% leased portfolio. That trajectory of that 95, we have to see. To the extent that is quicker will get the seventh faster to the extended slower. We'll get it to its lower. But basically, what we're seeing happening now, the continuation of that will get you there. I hope that's helpful.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, there. I guess my first question is on capital allocation. You talked a lot about the cap rate compression in the market seeing grocer deals in the 4.5%, 5%, I guess I'm curious how you think about incremental dispositions in the face of this strength to fund some of your external growth pursuits? And how that maybe you're thinking about your stock as currency with implied cap here in the high 4% range?
Jeff Berkes: On the disposition side of things, we do what we always do and come for the portfolio and if those assets aren't keeping up with the growth that we've projected for the rest of the portfolio, we look at selling them and we're actively in that process right now. Again, nothing to talk about on this call, but we always look at peeling off a portion of the portfolio and that's scheduling $100 million or so every year, and we're in that process right now.
Don Wood: And Haendel, just to make the point, we expect stock rates go up, and accordingly when you're looking at capital allocation, how you're going to fund our growth, whether that's with those dispositions or whether it's with equity or, you know we take a balanced approach. So, you should expect some dispositions and taking advantage of the market that is there today.  As Danny said, you should expect some of the forward contracts that we've taken to be issued all on a modest basis, all with a balanced approach to that. I'm not surprising you with one way to fund this Company, but with that we're using all the tools we got available.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. And then I don't know if I missed this, you talked about the $25 million of signed, but not leased rent. Did you talk about what proportion of that will likely hit or is embedded in your 2022 guidance? I'm looking at [Indiscernible]
Don Wood: A big chunk of that number will hit in 22? I would say that 90% of the income from those leases, will happen in the fourth quarter, and over the balance of 2022.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. [Indiscernible]
Don Wood: It turns the cadence.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. Percentage rents if I could sneak one more in here, I guess how they performed in the quarter perspectives are big, a pickup versus prior quarters. Any thoughts on that into year-end here?
Don Wood: Yes, no. Strong and significantly better than we thought. Therere 2 components to it. First, is there are -- there is percentage rent on deals that were not adjusted during COVID. They have natural or unnatural breakpoints betting on how it contracts its RIN and sales have been high. So just there's a natural component to percentage rent that is better than the others. And then as I think we talked about in the past, there have been -- some of our COVID deals effectively traded out; fixed rent for a low great point of percentage rent, so that we were sharing the recovery, if you will, with the prospective tenants.  The recovery has been stronger. And so, percentage rent on those COVID adjusted deals were higher. So, I think what we have $4.9 million in the quarter. When you think about $5 million, will be 5 million times 4, $20 million for the year? No, it won't. This was -- it was a really good quarter and some of those deals in percentage rent will convert back to fixed rent deal. Just by the very nature of the contract, it won't be as strong in that particular number going forward. But I am hopeful that's helpful. In either case, it's because sales were higher than we thought they would be.
Haendel St. Juste: No, I understood. Understood. And certainly, appreciate the color on the sales. The adjustments you made in the leases, is that going to be for the next year, 2 years, or when do they go back to more traditional?
Don Wood: Most of them are done in '22, I think 1 or 2 will make their way into '23.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Thank you.
Don Wood: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ki Bin Kim of Truest. Please proceed with your question.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks, Don. Good evening. Just going back to your acquisition. Your basis value per square foot was pretty low and I know that was negotiated during COVID, but even if you market to market is still pretty low basis, so I was just curious, I know you could mention IRR, but what's the real estate strategy behind your acquisition?
Jeff Berkes: Hey, Ki, it's Jeff. It's a little different, of course, or maybe a lot different than a couple of cases on the group of properties that we bought. But you know us and you know us well, and we're always looking to the highest and best use of the real estate. So, in a couple of those centers, it's relatively simple; cleaning them up and doing a better job on leasing, including in extent to one case potentially having a better grocery anchor.  Therere some identification opportunities for a couple of the properties for sure, and then gross bond is a little bit of a blank slate that we need to think through and figure out what we're going to do with all leases about property coming up in 2025 and we're in that process.  The goal there is to narrow the options by the end of the year, and have some clear direction at some point in 2022, but we're not quite there yet. As you know, our view is always buying this piece of land we can buy, in terms of location and isolation, density, incomes, road network, all that gets up. And then put on that piece of land what the market demands and generate as much rent as possible one. That's why we bought those deals. They will have those characteristics and it's a little bit different than each one that, that's what we'll be doing.
Don Wood: But you are right.
Jeff Berkes: And they'll leave some good growth. We're really happy with the growth profile than what we bought the last year.
Don Wood: You are right, keeping to look at one of the components we look at, and that's price per acre. Because at the end of the day, what you get in at, will help determine what it is that you can make work, in terms highest and best use. And so, when you look at something like Grossmont, price per acre is really important to us because we're not sure of exactly which way we can go. But because of a price we've got in it, we've got multiple ways to go.  And that's when you really think about creating value it really often comes down to the flexibility. To show we have an idea, and then often something gets in the way of that idea; whether your choices. And so, I don't want to say that price per acre is not important. It's really important. And obviously, when you get the highest and best use, you try to figure out what your IRR will be as you go through. That going in price is probably the most important factor in determining what it is that you can do.
Ki Bin Kim: Yeah. Thanks for that color. And it is interesting because you're seeing different reasons, take different strategies and -- it'll be dumb to say just low basis is good. Obviously want to smart deals and put smart capital to work. But it is something I noticed that your basis is just low on a lot of these deals.  Anyway, on second question on development, what is the likelihood of adding a 4th project to your big 3? And does the fact that just the cost to develop is so high, and if you do it and get started then you're basically locking in a higher rent that you need to justify it. Does that hold you back from adding a 4th grand project?
Don Wood: Well, so I would say the chance of having a big 4, a 4th project, are less than 50-50. They're not 0, they're not even 20%, but it's less than 50-50, and there's a number of reasons for that. The single biggest reason is everything has to be looked at through our risk-adjusted prism. And when you look at the big 3, it's funny because we've been doing the big 3 for so long, everybody loves to say, Okay, what's the next? But if you work here and you would try to figure out where you want to put capital incrementally to create the most value.  Time and time again, you will come down to the big 3 because we're not close to being done. And so, the notion of adding incremental building to Santana Row, Pike & Rose, and Assembly Row, just kills the comparison with starting another mixed-use property that will take two decades to do. It always comes down to capital allocation and where your alternatives are and what the smartest thing to do is. And then I think the mistake that some investors and analysts make are underestimating the level of growth and capital that is still yet to come at the Big Three, some 10, 15, the case of Santana, 20 years later.
Ki Bin Kim: Got it. Thank you for color.
Operator: Our next question is from Paulina Rojas-Schmidt of Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
Paulina Rojas-Schmidt: Good evening. Your tenant collectability impact includes $5 million in rent abatements. I'm curious, what type of tenants are still receiving these abatements? Then how much longer do you think they will need it? And 3, are these really rent abatements or these are deferrals that you are writing off?
Dan Guglielmone: I mean, deferrals that you're write off are abatements. But I mean, different parts of the deals that Don alluded to where we restructured and we lowered the rent for a period of time, and then would participate through participating rent based on sales. Effectively, whatever demunition from the contractual rents to the new floor rent is considered an abatement.  To the extent that you write off previously negotiated deferrals, that's an abatement. Really where the abatements are occurring, we have restaurants. We still have that because a lot of our deals that were restructured like that because of the limits on their capacity constraints during COVID and so forth.
Don Wood: Paulina, I want to say one thing about that right now. You asked a question; how long do you think they'll need it? That's irrelevant because these are deals that were cut. They were cut in the middle of COVID. They were cut to expire with expiration dates at some point either in 2021 or in 2022, and a couple just because negotiating got us to 2023. They actually don't need it any longer. And that's why you see percentage rent the way you see it, middle of setting that abatement.  And it was smart that we were able to switch off an abatement for a fixed rent for percentage rent because we are getting paid. It's just in a different line than you see it there. I just want to make sure you know. These are contracts that were agreed to previously that have sunset dates on them. The end of this year, some in '22 and a couple in '23. That number will bill -- burn down over the course of 2022.
Paulina Rojas-Schmidt: That's very helpful, I wasn't fully aware of that. And then are you able to share the same corporate NOI growth implied in your FFO guidance for next year, even if it's a wide range, it will be helpful.
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah, we're going to provide that detailed, comprehensive assumptions in our guidance for next year. Just guessing it's probably in and around 3% for next year. This year while we don't think it's relevant, should come in in double-digits, low double-digits blended for the year. But I think this year it's somewhat irrelevant. Next year we'll give you a detail ed assumption on same -- comparable property growth on the February call.
Paulina Rojas-Schmidt: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Mueller of JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Mueller: Hi. A couple of quick ones here. How much quarterly hotel and parking NOI are you guys getting today? And what do you see is a more normalized level for that?
Dan Guglielmone: Hang on, Mike, that's bandwidth.
Mike Mueller: While scrambling, the second one was --
Dan Guglielmone: Let's go one question at a time. I'm not -- you're going to get them.
Mike Mueller: Sure.
Dan Guglielmone: Help me out here. It's roughly the run rate right now, parking income is about $2.5 million a quarter. And given that -- that should stay -- that's probably at about 70% to 75% of a stabilized run rate. And then hotels are not going to contribute this year. And so, we should see that it's only gravy as they increase. We've seen the scale in the list. Couple of months, kind of a real resurgence in our occupancy levels at the 3 hotels that we have. So, we're really optimistic that they will start to contribute in '22 and certainly in '23 and '24 portfolios.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay. And then, Dan, when you were talking to you about prior-period rents not recurring, was that a comment when you're talking about 2021 guidance in 2022, you're not booking anything at the same level as to what you saw in 2023 or you just have 0 in for prior period on everything going forward?
Dan Guglielmone: I don't have 0. No, I will give some guidance on 2022 in February. This year, we've been pretty consistently in the $7 million to $10 million range. Started out high in the third quarter of last year, and it's been about $7 million to $8 million the last 3 quarters. I don't think we can sustain that. So that should start coming down just based upon on what's outstanding in terms of our build accounts receivable. And so, it should come down pretty meaningfully, certainly in 2022 from the levels we've had this year.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Linda Tsai of Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Tsai: Hi. Just have one question. Do you have big picture thoughts on how companies are utilizing office space differently coming out of COVID, based on what you're seeing in your own portfolio, or any anecdotes to share?
Don Wood: You know Linda, all I would say is -- and I just did an interview for the Washington Business Journal around the Choice deal. And the -- we are seeing pretty consistently in our places and again, it's a small sample size. But most people are looking for less space. And from where they are to where they're going. And I guess I'm not saying anything so eye-opening there. But it's been pretty consistent and equally consistent is obviously the ones we're talking to are putting a very high-value on the amenity base environment in buildings that are brand-new.  And so, when you put those two things together, we're not getting frankly, the rent pressure, partly because I think it's -- the total rent that they're paying is not more than they were paying before because they are taking less space. And so interestingly, the biggest component of where they're going, and almost all have some kind of a hybrid work model associated with is that partly allows them to take less of space. But they're unyielding with respect to what amenity base means, and the frankly newness of the building.
Linda Tsai: Do they also want shorter lease terms too?
Don Wood: No. And no cases, frankly.
Linda Tsai: Thank you.
Don Wood: But again, just remember Linda, you're not talking to a guy with a lot of office knowledge throughout the country. We're talking about really San Jose, California, here in outside of Washington D.C., and outside of Boston, and that's it.
Linda Tsai: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Tammi Fique of Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Tammi Fique: Thank you. Good evening. I'm just wondering in terms of the acquisitions in the pipeline, I'm wondering if you could talk about where you are looking to expand geographically going forward. Particularly given the recent acquisitions in Phoenix. And then as a follow-up, do you think that there is an advantage to geographic portfolio concentrations in your business, where given that you have been pretty concentrated historically? Thank you.
Jeff Berkes: Yeah, let me try and start with the end of your question first Tammi, and if I don't get all of it, tell me what I missed. Look, we've said a number of times we really like the markets that we're in, and we see great benefit from having a concentration in each of those markets. We think that helps us see more deals on the acquisition side of our business going forward, and it certainly puts us in a much better position when we're talking to tenants.  Every one of our leasing people would tell you that so being concentrated in a market is important. So certainly, now that we're in the greater Phoenix Metropolitan area, we're going to want to grow in Greater Phoenix and get that same concentration that we have in our other target markets.  So, expect to see that. I think we've mentioned on some prior calls that we are looking at a couple of new markets, doing our research, making sure we're identifying where in those markets we want to be in. We're working on deals in those markets. Whether they happen or not, I don't know. It's too soon to say. But. don't be surprised if we pick another a couple of markets to be in. The share of the -- characteristics of the markets we're already in, which is barriers to entry and good education and income, and the population density levels, and properties where we think over time we can grow the income stream and add value. That's what we do.
Don Wood: Tammi, I just want to add that something what Jeff said, which I couldn't agree with more all way through. You can't really -- you cannot underestimate that when you're a player in a market, how prospective sellers, or people that are not even sellers, but might be sellers, will view you, how they'll come to you? How you'll see things that you wouldn't see? It's so different than just owning one or two properties in a very wide place because obviously, our business -- this business is local.  And the best example we have that just happened is effectively what's going on in Phoenix. I mean, we are talking -- the inbound questions along with our own work in Phoenix has quadrupled from what it would have been when -- if we had just bought 1 or 2 very small properties.  By owning Camelback Colonnade, we're a player. It's well-known. And what -- you can't underestimate how that can lead to more work. And certainly, on the retailer side and on the operational side, you get your obvious efficiencies and disproportionate level of play. We've seen that in Washington, DC, in suburban Maryland forever. We're now starting to see it in Northern Virginia. because we've made such a play there. There's no doubt in my mind that concentration is a really big plus in this business. And no more so than on the acquisition side.
Tammi Fique: Great. Thank you for that perspective. And then I guess just following up on collections question, just to be clear. You expect a majority of those tenants to start paying full rent again and not get results during move-outs. Is that the right way to think about it?
Dan Guglielmone: Can you repeat that again? You flooded in and out.
Tammi Fique: Sorry about that. I was just saying on the collections question, I just wanted to be sure it was clear, that you expect a majority of the tenants in that 4% number to start paying full rent again and not get resolved through move-outs. Is that correct?
Don Wood: I think some will be resolved. I think some will be kicked out. Right. We're down to the last 3% to 4% of tenants, and we are obviously have taken a much stronger position with them. We are not in COVID as an economy anywhere near the extent we were obviously. And so, to the extent those businesses can survive in the existing business and going forward, maybe they don't belong here. A nd so we're taking a harder line on that side. With respect to the balance. We certainly expect to get paid and will. I'm not -- I don't -- the difference between 96% and 99.3%, I don't know whether it's 1/2 and 1/2of those choices or 2/3 and 1/3, but it's something like that.
Tammi Fique: Okay, great. Thank you. Our next question is from Katy Mcconnell of Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Don Wood: Are we going around [Indiscernible]?
Michael Bilerman: Hey, Don, Q - Michael Bilerman.
Don Wood: [Indiscernible]
Michael Bilerman: Why are you laughing?
Don Wood: So, we started with Katy Mcconnell. We ended with Katy Mcconnell, but it's not Katy Mcconnell. So, I thought --
Michael Bilerman: No.
Don Wood: I thought we're going around the circle again, but no, sir, what can I do for you?
Michael Bilerman: I'm not going to ask you for drivers of 2023 and 2024 guidance. So, don't worry about that, but you did give us '21 and '22. So, I really appreciate that you guys came around and provided that to the investment community. So, thank you. I wanted to ask 2 questions.  One, just one on Summer Ville. Joe has put out some revised and updated plans for what he wants to see at Assembly, I guess how close could we be to that next phase and incorporating the power center into a larger project? And I know you talked about the big 3, the gifts that keep on giving, it feels like this is closer now, but I wanted to get your sense of where things stand.
Don Wood: I don't think that the power center conversion to Assembly Row 9.0 or wherever it would be at that point is imminent, so I don't want you to think about it that way. It is obvious when you think about the long -term highest and best use of any piece of property, given what's happened at Assembly Row. And eventually, one day there should be intensification on the power center site. But it is years and years away. I don't -- heck, you won't pay me for '23 for Pete's sake, never mind whenever that's going to happen at that asset. But forgetting about that, look at the rest of Assembly Row.  Look at the space between Partners HealthCare and our existing property and what happens to them. And it is -- we are looking very hard at life sciences sale, as you can imagine. And to the extent we can get the economics to make some sense at all. Obviously construction costs are the biggest hurdle in that. But given what's happened to the adjacent properties, it's really clear to us that the assembly site at -- in Somerville, is going to be a life sciences site at some point. Whether it's just the adjacencies or whether it includes us, will depend on whether we can make the numbers work or not. But that you should -- that is far more imminent certainly than the power center site.
Michael Bilerman: And then just thinking about -- trigger over your enthusiasm, I don't want to curb your enthusiasm at all, but I guess how do you sit back? It's been a pretty strange 2 years. And so how are you able to distinguish that all the things that are happening now are not just sort of a little bit of a catch-up, from just being out of the market for a while? And not taking what's happening right now on all the leasing and activity and everyone's excited and we're getting back out and we're having meals and dinners and bar mitzvahs and weddings. How do you not take it to not get ahead of yourself in terms of where it goes?
Don Wood: I love that question, man, because you're basically talking to a very conservative guy. In terms of those, I worry about everything going forward all the time. In this case the thing that gives me confidence, and it's a lot of confidence, is I am sure that what we own and where it is, is really valuable. And so, it's like the office side, we may be over office in this country now. We talked about being over retail wherever, we may be over office.  But Federal Realty is it, because where we have that office and what is being built in terms of that office, if there's any office at all. It's going to be -- That demand is going to be at places like this that we own. I feel the same way on the retail. And so, where you hear confidence from me, you don't hear confidence that everything is great in the world is going to stay great in the world. I just know on a relative basis, whatever is happening, we've got the right products. And that's where my -- that's where my confidence comes from.
Michael Bilerman: That makes sense. Perfect product. Well, thanks for the time and speak to you next week.
Don Wood: Thanks, Mike. Talk to you soon.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Mike Ennes for closing remarks.
Mike Ennes: Thanks for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with those attending NAREIT next week. Have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Leah Brady. Thank you. You may begin.
Leah Brady: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood; Dan G.; Jeff Berkes; Wendy Seher; Dawn Becker; and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results, including guidance.  Although Federal Realty believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions that our Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained.  The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued tonight, our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. [Operator Instructions] And with that, I'll turn the call over to Don Wood to begin the discussion of our second quarter results. Don?
Don Wood: Well, thank you, Leah, and good afternoon, everybody. To quote Seinfeld's Frank Costanza, "We're back baby," and it seems to me we're the real estate of choice. Let me just cut to the chase here and summarize where we are in 5 of these points. We killed it in the second quarter at $1.41. We raised our 2021 total year guidance by over 10% at the midpoint. We raised our '22 guidance, the only retail real estate company to get '22 guidance, by the way, by 5% at the midpoint. We covered our dividend on a cash basis in the second quarter and raised it again for the 54th consecutive year. We had record leasing volume, more than we've ever done in any quarter in our 60-year history.  So we'll put more meat on the bone for each of those points and others, but that's where this company is as we sit here in the first week of August of 2021, and we're feeling great about our market position. At $1.41 a share, we exceeded even our most optimistic internal forecast by $0.20 a share and we're up 83% over last year's worst COVID-impacted quarter, of course, it was the second quarter. In a nutshell, we didn't anticipate the bounce back in nearly all facets of our business to be so fast and so strong, and we didn't anticipate some of the onetime deals that we were working on to be executed so quickly. We talked about the pent-up demand on the last call in the form of strong traffic and leasing demand, and that has continued unabated ever since, no pun intended. The quarterly financial impact of that optimistic consumer meant that we: one, collected more rent in the second quarter from prior periods than we thought; two, we had significantly less unpaid rent in the quarter than we thought; three, we had fewer tenant failures than we thought; and four, we had far higher percentage rent from COVID-modified deals than we thought. And as I said, we covered our dividend on an operating cash basis in the second quarter, way ahead of our expectations. Of course, all that means that we'll significantly raise 2021 earnings guidance and raise 2022 earnings guidance as well. As we've said all along, visibility toward '22 earnings was ironically better than 2021. That has proven to be the case, and Dan will talk you through guidance details in a few minutes. And while this quarter's earnings were as strong as they were, in large part, because of the collection of big rent dollars, both past and present, the real story here is the unprecedented amount of leasing that was done and what it means for the value of our real estate into the future. Our properties are in demand across the board. We did 124 comparable deals in the quarter, more than we've ever done in any quarter in our 60-year history for 558,000 square feet at an average rent of $37.34 per foot, 8% more rent than the deals they replaced. We signed another 9 noncomparable deals, mostly in our new developments at an average rent of $44.71 per foot. That's 570,000 square feet of space leased in 1 quarter alone, 25% more than our pre-COVID quarterly average. You might remember that we did almost as much last quarter 2. So when you put the 2 quarters together, the production in the first half of 2021 is both staggering and unprecedented cost. Big kudos here to our leasing, our legal, our support teams, nearly 1.1 million square feet at an average rent of $37 a foot, 8% more than the previous leases, growing through annual rent bumps over the next 8-plus years. That's really just the tip of the iceberg here. Another really interesting consideration is the breakdown of all that leasing between deals to renew tenants and deals with new tenants. Traditionally, 2/3 of the deals we do in any 1 period hovers around 2/3 renewals and 1/3 new tenants. Well, not in these post-COVID 6 months. It's actually nearly flipped, roughly 40% renewals and 60% new tenants. So what does that mean? And why is that important? Well, first, it means that we lost a heck of a lot of tenants during COVID. And since it costs more to put a new tenant in the space rather than renew an existing tenant, our current tenant capital is higher. On the face of it, that seems like bad news, but you got to dig deeper. Because what it also means is that our properties are in high demand from today's relevant and well-capitalized restaurants and retailers that are all trying to improve their sales productivity post-COVID through better real estate locations. We've always been picker than most in terms of the tenants we choose to merchandise our centers. When you couple that with the execution of the broad post-COVID property improvement plans that we've talked about over the last several quarters, that higher capital outlay will result significantly higher asset value tomorrow. I mean think about it in a post-COVID world. Major market's first-tier high-quality suburban shopping centers with more than a smattering of new post-COVID relevant tenants doing business in revitalized shopping centers and mixed-use properties focused more on outdoor seating, on a curbside pickup, on covered walkways and improved placemaking than ever before. Places that are more fresh, more dominant, more relevant in a myriad of ways in the communities they serve for years and years to come. The value of our real estate, net of capital, is going up, and the prospects appear to be better than they were before COVID. Also, consider that at quarter end, our portfolio was 92.7% leased, yet only 89.6% occupied. That 310 basis point spread, or nearly 780,000 square feet of space representing roughly $30 million in rent, is the largest spread we've had since 2005. You might remember how 2006 and 2007 turned out, which obviously bodes well for the future, assuming inevitable tenant fallout occurs at historical levels. And by the way, just 3 years ago, we were 95%. Okay. Onward. I hope that you all saw the major acquisition announcement that we made in the press release on June 7 that laid out the 4 deals that we closed during the quarter. Overall, we have an 80% interest in the combined income stream, Grossmont Shopping Center in Greater San Diego, Camelback Colonade and Hilton Village in Greater Phoenix and Chesterbrook Shopping Center in McLean, Virginia. Gross asset value of $407 million for 1.7 million square feet on 125 acres of land in prime locations in these markets, and we strongly believe that pricing today would far exceed what we negotiated in the middle of COVID. A presentation that we put out ahead of NAREIT and our investor NAREIT investor meetings in June focused on these acquisitions in depth, including a very unique potential redevelopment opportunity at Grossmont since we control virtually the entire 63-acre parcel from a tenant perspective in less than 5 years from now. Separately, we have another deal under contract currently that we hope to close on in the quarter -- this quarter. On the development side, residential and office leasing activity is also picking up on both coasts. It's really gratifying to see Pike & Rose quickly maturing, coming into its own and becoming the go-to place for lots of things in the region. In Montgomery County, Maryland, a county that's not doing a lot of office leasing these days, our Phase 3 office building, 909 Rose, is 77% leased with another 11% under executed LOIs. So nearly 90% committed at the point at rents in line with pro forma. That's strong in this office environment with mostly 2022 rent starts there. Big quarter up at Assembly Row, and now we've received our certificate of occupancy for the retail portion and half of the units in Marcella, the 500-unit residential building that's part of the Phase 3 development. Tenants began moving in, in July and initial leasing pace is exceeding our expectations. 145 units are already currently leased at rates that approximate our lease-up underwriting and that seemed to be getting stronger with each week that passes. Assembly Row is the mixed-use project in our portfolio that got hurt the most during COVID and took the longest to begin to bounce back, but now feels like it's recovering as fast as the others. Office leasing in the Puma-anchored building is also picking up with serious negotiations underway for the first time in over a year for a large portion of the remaining space. Nothing tangible yet but a good sign nonetheless. Similar situation in San Jose with our 375,000 square foot spec office building under construction and nearing completion remains on lease for the time being. At our CocoWalk in Miami, its all about getting tenants open as we're fully leased on the retail side and mostly leased on the office side. Tenant openings will continue through the remainder of this year. We look forward to hosting an investor tour in Coconut Grove early next month. More to come on that. In Darien, Connecticut, construction and leasing are moving forward on time and on budget with the newly built Walgreens opening during the second quarter ahead of schedule. That's important because it makes way for the remainder of the demolition of the old shopping center and started a residential over retail component of the project. Goods happening up there, too. Let me pause there. stop. That's about only half of the prepared comments. I'll turn it over to Dan, and we'll be happy to entertain your questions after that.
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you, Don, and good afternoon, everyone. The unexpectedly strong results of $1.41 per share in the quarter, not only blew way 2020's year-over-year comparison, but was a 20-plus percent sequential gain over first 2 quarter and more than 20% above our forecast and consensus. Given the big beat for the quarter, let me take a little time to put some color around the broad categories of outperformance that Don outlined. $0.13 of outperformance was driven by collection-related items. $0.06 of upside was from improved operations, with $0.05 for one-timers that were above our forecast, which collectively totaled to $0.24 beat versus our previous quarterly guidance. First, some detail on the $0.13 of upside from collection. Rent collection for the quarter, net of percentage rent, was almost 200 basis points ahead of expectations. Prior period rent collection was $7 million versus $4 million in our forecast. Our percentage rent for the quarter was almost $3 million above forecast, highlighting the strength in consumer traffic across the portfolio. Second, the $0.06 of operational outperformance was driven by our occupancy essentially staying flat, which was roughly 50 to 100 basis points better than we had expected. And improved hotel, parking and specialty leasing revenues all exceeded forecast. The third category of $0.05 of onetime items above forecast were attributable to term fees, bankruptcy payments, loan reserve reversals and other miscellaneous payments all collectively exceeding our expectations. Please note that we do not expect the $1.41 to be the run rate for the balance of the year. Even $0.09 of the results are not expected to be recurring. And as Don mentioned, we are in the midst of delivering 500 units of residential at Assembly Row, which will be dilutive over the next few quarters, amongst other items, but we'll address that later when we get to guidance. Let's take some time and revisit collections. Our collectibility impact was more than cut in half to $6.4 million versus the $14.8 million we had in the first quarter on the strength of prior and current period collections, net of abatements. Rent collection in the quarter surged to 94% or 4% from the 90% level as reported on our first quarter call. With abatements and deferral agreements totaling 4% of billed rent, our unresolved rent now stands at just 2%. Of the $39 million of deferral agreements negotiated to date, $17 million have been repaid, representing about 90% of the scheduled deferral payments. The remaining repayments of $22 million are set to be paid back over the next few years. Elections for cash basis tenants improved substantially to roughly 80% for the quarter, up from 66% in the first quarter, a very strong signal. For occupancy, the continued pressure that we expected during the second quarter never really materialized as our tenants remain resilient. With the record-breaking leasing volumes across the portfolio, economic occupancy should steadily climb higher from this point driven by 310 basis points of spread between leased and occupied, that is embedded within the portfolio. Other strong leasing metrics to note, our small shop leased occupancy grew almost 200 basis points to 85.7% from 83.8%, a huge movement of that metric in a single quarter. And with respect to our lifestyle-oriented retail assets, whose performance was hardest hit during COVID, the spread between leased and occupied has grown to 440 basis points, driven by strong tenant demand and signaling a sustainable acceleration in this segment's recovery. Comparable property growth rebounded in a big way for the quarter, up 39%, an unprecedented result and obviously a record for Federal. But also no better evidence of the lack of relevance for this metric in the current environment, whether it's positive or negative. Now let me move over to guidance. We increased our guidance for both 2021 and 2022, taking 2021 up over 10% from a prior range of $4.54 to $4.70, up to a new range of $5.05 to $5.15 per share. This implies 13% year-over-year growth versus 2020 at the midpoint. And we are taking 2022 up 5% from a prior range of $5.05 to $5.25 to a new range of $5.30 to $5.50. Let's review some of the assumptions behind the improved outlook. For 2021, as I mentioned, the $1.41 per share results for the second quarter will not be a run rate for the balance of the year. As I mentioned, $0.09 of that 2Q results is onetime in nature. Term fees and bankruptcy-related income will not recur at the same level, and note that we have very few term fees in the pipeline currently. While current period collections should continue to climb modestly higher, prior period collections are forecasted to trail off for the remainder of the year. Also consider the previously mentioned dilution, roughly $0.03 per quarter from the residential and assembly and other developments that we'll be delivering in the second half. We also expect increased G&A and property level expenses of $0.02 per quarter as the cost of doing business has increased post COVID. However, we do expect accretion from the second quarter acquisitions of roughly $0.02 per quarter. So this revised guidance implies an increase in our FFO forecast for the second half of the year of '21 of almost 10%. For 2022, the improvement in outlook is driven by: One, a faster return to pre-COVID collection levels; two, a stronger occupancy due to the record leasing activity we've seen; three, a full year contribution for Grossmont, Chesterbrook and Phoenix; and then continued improvements and contributions from our development pipeline. Although we continue to await tangible leasing at Santana West, it feels like that will not contribute to FFO until 2023. Also note that there is a level of pragmatism in these numbers. By all reports, the COVID variants are keeping the virus with us longer than we would like. And we are still anticipating some level of tenant fallout as PPP money and other government subsidies fall away and impact selected tenants' ability to operate profitably. And lastly, getting rents started on our record levels of new leasing activity will be a paramount focus for the operating teams here at Federal. Please note there is no benefit assumed in our guidance in either year from switching tenants back from a cash basis to accrual basis account. Finally, let's move to the balance sheet and an update on liquidity and leverage. On the heels of deploying over $325 million on acquisitions and over $100 million on new process development during the quarter, we continue to have ample total available liquidity of $1.3 billion, comprised of $300 million of cash and an undrawn $1 billion revolver. With $125 million of mortgage debt scheduled to be paid over the next 90 days, we will then have no maturing debt until 2023. And lastly, we continue to be opportunistic selling tactical amounts of common equity through our ATM program. We sold $140 million at a blended share price of about $117.50 for the quarter and a forward sales agreement in order to manage our liquidity over the next year. Our remaining spend on our $1.2 billion in-process development pipeline is down to $270 million with an additional $60 million remaining on our product improvement initiatives across the portfolio. Given the surge in our EBITDA, our leverage metrics returned to significantly stronger levels as well. Pro forma for our 2Q acquisitions and $175 million of forward equity under contract, our run rate for net debt to EBITDA is down to 6.2x. Our fixed charge coverage is back up to 3.7x. And our total liquidity binds pro forma to $1.5 billion. Our targeted leverage ratios remain in the mid-5x for net debt-to-EBITDA and above 4x for fixed charge coverage. Now before we get to Q&A, let me quickly mention in the wake of covering the dividend this quarter from AFFO, yesterday, our Board declared an increased quarterly dividend per share of $1.07, given the surge in traffic across the asset base, the resilience and quality of our sector-leading real estate portfolio, the strength of our balance sheet and the sound forward-looking decision-making and management, maintaining the dividend through another challenging economic cycle now looks likely. This should provide federal shareholders with further peace of mind that with an investment in FRT comes a reliable, uninterrupted steady, stable stream of current income as part of their total return. And with that, operator, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America.
CraigSchmidt: I guess what I want to focus in on is the small shops. The 190 bps seems really strong. Most of your peers are showing just the reverse. They're showing an increase listing by the anchors, reasoning being they're national and they can move faster than the small shops; and two, sometimes you need these anchors in place to push the small shops. Maybe you could tell what you did differently to drive the small shops? Or what is it indicative of from the small shop side?
DonWood: Thanks, Craig. Let's just turn that over to Wendy. Let's see Wendy what thinks about that.
WendySeher: Craig, yes, I think that we continue to see kind of that really strong, steady demand from our anchors, whether it's Target and Home Sense and [REN], which was new to market, we continue to make those deals as we always have historically. So really strong strength there. But what I'm -- just as you pointed out, what I'm really excited about is the fact that our small shop leasing has been terrific. A lot of demand for our properties very broad-based between all of our property levels, and we continue to do deals with those best-in-class partners who have always been on our small shop side, whether it's Nike or Athleta, Starbucks, Ulta, to name a few. What I'm really kind of intrigued about and really speaks to the strength of the real estate is the kind of retailers who maybe have a little bit more of a conservative expansion program and they're selectively choosing best-in-class locations across the country doing very small increments of growth that really differentiate your property types. And that -- those names like Levain Bakery and Blue Bottle Coffee and Oriana, Room and Board and Simon Peers and I could continue on and on, are really what I'm excited about are the kinds of tenants that are selecting our properties in the neighborhoods and areas that we're in.
CraigSchmidt: So I know Don gave a breakout of 60% new, 40% renewed. Were you seeing a similar ratio? Or was it even higher new tenants in the small shop?
DonWood: Well, I'm not sure, Craig. We can go back and look at it. I would expect that to be commensurate either way, but I have to go back and look at it. I'll tell you, the new deals on the small shop side have been spectacular. And so that's going to be a good -- that's going to be a big number. I just don't know if it's bigger or smaller than the anchors.
JeffBerkes: Yes. Craig, it's Jeff. And just to put a pin in it and really this is what Wendy's saying, but a differentiator, obviously, between us and our peer group is the lifestyle and mixed-use properties of -- what's said in the prepared remarks, the leasing in those properties has been exceptionally strong, and the bulk of the leasing in those properties are, by definition, small shop tenants. So we're just very pleased with the level of activity there and the quality of the deals that our leasing teams have been able to get done in that portion of our portfolio.
CraigSchmidt: Okay. I mean I was really surprised to see the lift in small shops.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Mueller of JPMorgan.
MikeMueller: I just have a quick question on -- in terms of cash on hand. I mean things have obviously improved quite a bit. It still seems like you're running with about $300 million of cash on hand. I mean how should we be thinking about what's, I don't know, like a normalized level for the current environment of cash? Should we expect that to drop off to something more pre-COVID like? Or do you anticipate running with something more elevated over the longer term?
DonWood: It's a good question, Mike. Look, we run through COVID with higher levels of cash. I think we're still above kind of the stabilized level of cash that we expect to need and expect to run with. I think over time, we'll run that down. And my expectation is that maybe it's $100 million, maybe $150 million of cash on hand, versus kind of what we used to run, which was kind of more in the $25 million plus/minus.
MikeMueller: Got it. And 1 clarification. When you were talking about before the upside in the quarter, you just said $0.05 of onetimers above what you assumed. What was the total amount of what you would consider to be the onetimers in the quarter?
DonWood: Roughly about $8 million onetimer.
DanGuglielmone: $0.08.
DonWood: Or $0.08, sorry. I misspoke. $0.08 worth of onetimers in the quarter, and we had forecasted something obviously lower than that. We did expect the -- obviously, the Splunk term fee of the straight line, and we did expect the repayment of our [Indiscernible], but we were surprised by a lot of other activity that came through in the quarter that we don't expect to recur going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Katy McConnell of Citigroup.
KatyMcConnell: I'm wondering if you could comment on, based on your current fundamental outlook, how you're thinking about the opportunity to start additional phases of development in the near term? Or even potentially new ground-up sites as opposed to pursuing more acquisitions? And just how you're thinking about the yield differential there?
DonWood: I love the question, Katy. I'm not sure if you've been in our senior executive meetings over the past few weeks, if you're spying because those conversations are front and center. And look, the -- it depends, right?  When you look at a place like Pike & Rose, for example, this is a property that we're really, really happy with the office leasing. That's been done in the first building and the building we're standing in, in 909 Rows. Could there be enough demand here to effectively start another building in time? It's possible. So we're talking about that, looking at that. Could we find a big enough tenant that anchor it? I don't know, all that stuff is the kind of thought process that we go through in each of these big projects. Do we want to start a brand-new ground-up in the next year? I said no, we don't. We frankly have plenty to do on the existing ones that we have. And when you look at the acquisition trade-off, if you will, versus development, I think there was a window. And I think we jumped through that window during COVID, where that difference was really attractive and pointed you toward acquisitions. That's changed a little bit now. It's still early in the recovery. So we'll have to see how that plays out. But with us, it's not about turning 1 [stick] on and the other one off, it's about adjusting based on what it is that we find. So I hope that's helpful in terms of where we'll be going forward. And obviously, any time we have a deal to announce, we'll certainly announce it on either the acquisition or the development side.
KatyMcConnell: And I know you mentioned you had 1 additional acquisition in the pipeline as of now. Any other comments you can share as far as what's in the pipeline beyond that? Or what you've seen as far as pricing movement since you've closed the last 4?
DonWood: No, not at this time, Katy.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Sakwa of Evercore ISI.
SteveSakwa: Don, you talked about the wide spread between the lease and the occupied. I'm wondering: A, how quickly can that close? And maybe if you or Dan could just talk about what is implicit in your 2022 guidance for either an average occupancy or perhaps a year-end occupancy by 2022?
DonWood: Sure, Steve. I'll take the first piece and Dan, if you can take the numbers on the second grade. But the -- when you see all the leasing that we've done, and it goes back a little bit to Craig's point, a lot of it has been small shop. And the small shop stuff tends to happen quicker effectively than the anchors. So that stuff should be starting to help us later in 2021 and a lot 2022. The anchors have a longer tail. And so there, you should see more benefit coming in '22 and even a few as far out as '23 there. But they are more focused towards -- or more weighted toward those small shop deals that do go faster. Now look, the difference between, obviously, new deals versus renewals, renewals are there right now and keep that income stream going. The new stuff that's coming in is in a lot of places, too, part and parcel of kind of our property improvement plans and our redevelopment plans. So as a result, you'll really see a really upgraded portfolio over the next few years as a result of this.
A -DanGuglielmone: And with regard to guidance, what's embedded there is, I think, some modest continued improvement through the end of the year. We should get back up above 90% occupied by year-end, and then probably over the course of 92% to get into probably somewhere above 92%. Will we get to kind of that full spread of 310 basis points? We'll see. But the guidance is roughly kind of 92% to 93% by the end of '22.
SteveSakwa: Okay. And maybe just as a follow-on for you or for Don. When you think about -- you guys obviously took a lot of pain in the downturn and are starting to see the snapback. When would you sort of guesstimate that your NOI would be back to pre-COVID levels? Is that a '23 number? Is that kind of by the end of '22? How do we sort of think about that pace of recovery?
DonWood: I don't know what to tell you about that, Steve. It's certainly something that we've talked about a lot. I would hope for it to be there in '23. But let me throw something else out at you that maybe is a little bit thought provoking. If you took our portfolio today, and you said, all right, historically, this company has certainly been a 95% leased portfolio, and you took all of the capital that we've spent in development projects to date, the acquisitions that have been made et cetera, and other capital that's not yet producing income, and you simply said, "All right. Finish up. Let's get this thing leased back up to 95%, whenever that happens. Let's do all that development with tenants full." We'd be over $7 a share. So this really comes down to a notion of we're not sitting here trying to focus on getting back to 2019 levels. We're sitting here saying, look, we're putting money out in places we think that are smart. We've certainly been hit by COVID, obviously, delayed in terms of -- and certainly in the markets and the asset types that we have all the way through even more so. But getting back to something that was just okay back in 2019 hardly seems like it should be the goal. So I don't know when we get to what I just said, but that's where we are aiming, man, and we're trying hard.
Operator: Our next question is from Alexander Goldfarb of Piper Sandler.
AlexanderGoldfarb: First, congrats on being a Dividend King. I wasn't even aware of that. I knew about a Dividend Aristocrat. So Dividend King is pretty cool. Don, following up from Steve's question, last quarter when I asked you about '22 and said, you wouldn't put out '22 unless you thought that you could beat it, which is what you've now done. And listening to Dan talk about what's not in the number, meaning like your tenants to a cash basis now, you're not assuming any of those people go back to being a straight line, which means that's a boost, that's an upward bias to earnings, plus you killed it on this quarter, there's no reason to think that you won't outperform on further quarters. Again, why should we stay within your guidance range for '22? Why wouldn't we do -- be above it? Because what you do is you run the team to always outperform. You don't put something out there unless you think that you can achieve beyond that. And if you're telling Steve that you don't think you'd be back to peak NOI to '23 and you just covered your dividend basically a full year earlier than you thought, again, it sounds like there's some good upsides to '22.
DonWood: How in the world, my friend, could I possibly answer you the same way I did last time when I have to sit here and say, from last time, Alex was right. I mean that's hard for me to do well. Hard for me --
AlexanderGoldfarb: Can you say that -- Don, Don, Don. Slow down. Say that louder and slower.
DonWood: Well, now you're getting greedy, Alex, okay? So I said it one time. And do I believe what we were doing was sandbagging? I do not believe that. I believe what we were doing is assessing the situation as best we could at that time. And I believe that things have could have gotten better a whole lot faster in our markets. But at the end of the day, Alex, you are right, dude. And let's do it again. And you didn't use dude back on me, which I thought you should have in that particular spot, but nonetheless. So with respect to where we are now, I'm going to say the same thing to you. We've done the best we can to kind of lay out where we are, lay out the probabilities of hitting our numbers. I don't know what Delta does. I don't know what the situation -- where the situation goes in the country, the way we are -- the way we move things through. But I do know when you sit and you look at our forecasting and what it is that we see happening, we are clearly improving faster than we thought we were before. Will that happen again? I don't know. Maybe I got to get you in here to do the forecasting for the company. But that's -- I don't have a good answer beyond that for you.
AlexanderGoldfarb: I mean, to that point, I mean, one, the straight lining is a positive; two, you have your experiential tenants who are coming back; three, there's the improvement in [occupants]. I mean, it just seems like there's a lot of stuff in there that's upward bias in each quarter, everyone exceeds. So I mean that's the point is I think I've answered my own question, but you've answered it. So the next question is, as far as the new -- the -- you said that 60% of the people coming in to your portfolio are new tenants, are those simply relocations from other centers? Are they new to market? Are they tenants looking to expand? Like just a little bit more color on what that new demand is.
DonWood: Yes. The new demand is very broad-based. It's all of the things that you said and more. And frankly, Wendy kind of touched it when she was talking about some of these tenants who are well-capitalized tenants that are not -- they're not volume guys. They're not trying to do 250, 300 stores, 500 stores et cetera. They are selectively picking locations to have brick-and-mortar outfits that supplement their online businesses et cetera. We're getting our fair -- more than our fair share of those type of tenants. That's a real positive thing. They're new to market in a lot of cases. They're effective. They're newly capitalized in a lot of cases. One of the things that is most important here to think through is that obviously, COVID cleaned out weaker tenants, and they did that earlier. That's the April and May and June and July of 2020. And you know that list by heart.  The notion though of what happened over the next year and who you want to have in your centers, particularly if you're spending $10 million and $12 million and $8 million on a center for a property improvement plan, you want new blood in the retails because you can't just have a nice place to sit outside the same old tenants that were pre-COVID and average or are average now because of their sales. So you're seeing -- we've said it from the beginning that the demand is broad-based and the demand is largely tenants trying to improve the real estate locations that they're in. Why? Because they're trying to improve the sales. That it is that they do, which is why they can pay the rents that we charge. It's all about that relationship.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Goldsmith of UBS.
MichaelGoldsmith: Just on the guidance, again, what are the assumptions that you have built into the 2021 guidance that would get you to the low end of the range versus what it would take to get you to the high end?
DonWood: For the most part, I think it's just the range of a lot of the things that we talked about in the numbers, whether it be continued upward surge in collections, how much additional prior period rent we are assuming that rent trails off from, it was -- yes, we've had pretty steady prior period rent collection of $7 million, $8 million and $7 million over the last 3 quarters. We expect it to trail off to -- in the second half of the year to about $3 million and $2 million, respectively. There could be some upside there from that perspective. We are likely to increase. We are successful with acquisition, we'll bump guidance slightly from that perspective. But it's all the reason -- all the outperformance we had, we're expecting term fees. We had $3.4 million net in the quarter versus $1.8 million net last year. We're now expecting -- we're expecting maybe $1 million this quarter. That's an area of some upside. To the extent we're higher than that, that's up towards the upper end of the range. So that's some of the pieces that get us from the top and the bottom.
MichaelGoldsmith: That's helpful. And it's really admirable that you put out 2022 guidance. As we think about your prior guidance to the current one, your '20 -- the gap between your '21 and '22 guidance kind of shrank this quarter. And some of that's explained, I think, by some of the onetime charges, but what are the other changes in assumptions next year that are reflected in that?
DonWood: Well, no, Michael, all I was going to say and may I add to this, like what you're basically seeing is a faster recovery. So all of the things that were assumed are simply happening faster. And so when you look at kind of what we had put out in '22 initially, obviously, there was a run rate from '21 that rolled into '22, to the extent that run rate is better in '21. It inures or some of it accrues to '22 also. And that's basically all it is. We stay with the methodology that we use in our multiple year forecast. And we make that consistent each quarter that we update those assumptions. That single biggest change is what I'm saying, and that is simply a faster recovery than most here.
Operator: Our next question is from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets.
JuanSanabria: I was just hoping to spend a little time on the lease spreads. I guess based on current demand and your lease expiration schedule, how do you think spreads will trend into and maybe through '22? There's a slight dip sequentially in the spread in the second quarter despite the strong momentum. So I don't know if that was mix related and your expirations kind of jump up next year in terms of the dollar per square foot. So just curious if you have any context on how those spreads may evolve into and through '22?
Donald Wood : I guess what I'd say to you is a couple of things. First of all, we're a relatively small company. And so in any particular quarter, there's always going to be a rather significant variation. I laughed a little bit when you said there was a decrease in the second quarter to first quarter. I think one was 9 and one was 8. To me, that's exactly the same, just so you know. In terms of the -- and in both of those quarters, there were still deals, obviously, that were rolled down. There were other deals that were rolled up in a more significant way. That's basically what happens in most quarters. There is a mixture of those 2 things. The probability that it will stay in those single-digit numbers is highest. That's where we're most comfortable effectively in kind of running -- pushing rents and seeing what we can do in any 1 period. And again, that definitely, definitely depends on the mix of any particular quarter, which you don't get in a bigger company. If you've got a much bigger company with more of a commodity product to kind of do the same type of deals over and over again, that's a great thing for consistency. But we are trying to bring in more value here.
Juan Sanabria : Great. Sorry, I should have been more clear. I was focused on the new lease rate spreads, but point taken.
Donald Wood : Just to understand.
Juan Sanabria: Got it. And then just on the acquisition side, any thought or color you could provide about potentially further expanding into new markets, whether it's the Sunbelt or maybe Texas about how you're thinking about that and conversely what could be used as a source in terms of potential calling or dispositions? Or that's not really the focal point for funding to be more just match funding with equity at this point?
Donald Wood : Hey, J.B., do you want to take that to start?
Jeffrey Berkes: Yes, sure. I mean, we are -- and I think we've talked about this in prior quarters and in NAREIT. We are looking at some new and different markets to expand, I think, as we put it, the number of ponds that we can fish in. And you saw us go into Phoenix, and we're looking at other markets as well right now. We don't really have anything to talk about. When we do, we will. I think Don said earlier, we're really happy we got the deals done, that we did get done when we got them done. The market has tightened up quite a bit. So as always, we'll be careful and conservative and hopefully get some deals done. Every time we do a deal, we do a deal on a cash basis that always causes us to look at the existing portfolio and think about disposing of an asset or 2 that maybe doesn't keep up with the rest of the portfolio in terms of its property level NOI growth. And when we have cash acquisitions to -- that will allow us to do that and make those dispositions on a tax neutral basis, we will, but really not a lot to talk about in that regard right now.
Donald Wood : With regards to funding, as we always are, we're very balanced and opportunistic in how we'll look at it. And to the extent that the investment sales market offers us an opportunity to sell some assets at really attractive pricing. We'll take advantage of it, and we'll let you know when we do it.
Operator: Our next question is from Derek Johnston of Deutsche Bank.
Derek Johnston : How has office interest materialized, especially for Santana West? And thanks for the color on your HQ and also the traction that you're seeing at PUMA. And I do know that Santana is still a bit away from delivering. But I also believe it was almost fully leased with an LOI prior to the pandemic. Has that potential tenant or other anchors like them perhaps reengaged? Or are you seeing any traction there?
Donald Wood : Jeff, this one is all yours, buddy.
Jeffrey Berkes: Well, to answer the last part of your question directly, the potential tenant that we were close with pre-pandemic, no, they have not materialized, and we don't expect them to now that we're starting to come out of the pandemic. Activity out here in Silicon Valley, the office leasing perspective has definitely picked up in the last 60, 90, 120 days. Tours have started again. You probably all heard about the deal that Apple did a few weeks ago for 700,000 square feet, which is a great sign for the market. There are several other large users that have requirements and are conducting tours, including tours of One Santana West in coming days and weeks. We don't have anything to talk about. And again, we won't until we will. But I can tell you that activities picked up quite a bit. What's great and what we're really happy about as it relates to One Santana West is there's very, very little supply in Silicon Valley right now, and particularly new supply that's amenitized. So that makes us feel good about our prospects for getting the building ways. There's not a lot that we're competing against right now.
Derek Johnston : No, it seems like a great asset. And work with me here. So all high-quality retail assets seem to be generating a ton of demand, all right? So this strong of leasing in a post-pandemic environment, I mean, I don't know who could have fully seen this. So okay, Federal, strong leasing, solid spreads and the highest ABRs. Now what's going on here, Don? Like what dynamics or shifts can you share that you're seeing? Because really, I just want to stop talking and listen for another minute, if you would let me.
Donald Wood : Yes, Derek, let me go through at least what I think is happening. And Wendy, please feel free to add or anybody that wants that. I mean, look, there is -- if you're just be a retailer for a minute, be a restaurant for a minute and have gone through what just happened in this country over the last 18 months. And frankly, what was happening, the pressures that were on you for the 3 and 4, 5 years before that. And so here you are now, in many cases, recapitalize, in many cases, with a different level of competition than you had before. And you're in a position where you can reset. And effectively, that's what's happening. If you've got the chance -- I mean, I think itd tell you, man, if you sit on Rockville Pike in 1 of the 4 or 5 shopping centers that all aim for different parts of the consumer on Rockville Pipe that we own, there have been tenants that have been trying to get on the Pike for years and years in the right type of centers. We've been over 95% leased for a Rockville Pipe for much, if not all, of that time, except for the last 15 months. There is an opportunity that has not been here.  So there's an opportunity to improve your real estate in a very, very well-located, first-tier suburb of major cities, and you've got a landlord who is openly and anxiously improving those shopping centers for a post-COVID environment, why would you not choose to go there? Where would you choose to go instead? Because at the end of the day, it's not about the rent. It's about the profit there. And effectively, higher sales, better margins, a more affluent customer in better real estate with a landlord that's investing side-by-side with you, seems to -- and you're in there with a new balance sheet, seems to be a pretty smart choice for a lot of tenants, including and especially those small shop tenants that Craig Schmidt was referring to before and that Wendy went through in detail. So I hope that's helpful. That's what we see happening in the markets that we're in, at the properties that we're in. That's why the investment in the properties, to be post-COVID investments are so important to a retailer. They've got to be partners with their landlord.
Wendy Seher : The only thing, Don, I would add to that is that as -- you summed that up so well in terms of how the retailers are thinking. And now think on the flip side of how we're thinking, it gives us the equal opportunity to strengthen our assets and more merchandising with forward thinking of who is well capitalized, who's relevant, who's going to meet that post-COVID world and what -- how should we make our investments in our properties. So it's really a benefit to both sides.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Lucas of Capital One Securities.
Chris Lucas : Don -- and this kind of follows up on Derek's question, but I appreciate the comments you've made about sort of the demand being pulled forward. But I was curious as to the conversations you're having with your -- the tenants you want to have in your shopping centers, are they expressing interest in thinking about not just this year, next year deals, but the future out years, are you seeing the sustainability of this demand with those kinds of tenants?
Donald Wood : That's a good question, man, because, Chris, as you look, I mean, one thing you'll notice is with the volume that we're doing, there's still average term of what...?
Jeffrey Berkes: 8.4 years.
Donald Wood : 8.4 years, which is about a year more than you kind of used to see from us. And I think what you're trying to -- what they're trying to do is plant flags that effectively get them to the next decade. Now certainly, as a portfolio goes from 89% leased to 92% to 94%, et cetera, it gets harder and harder and harder to be able to do that. So in some respects, it's -- in a lot of respects, it's constrained by the supply that's available to them. And that's kind of why when everything is great in the industry and everything else, a rising tide lifts all boats because you got to find the best spot. But that's also especially at a time like this, when those tenants are trying to take advantage of an opportunity that they have not had for years. So that's kind of what I'm seeing. I don't know, Wendy, if you want to add anything to that or...
Wendy Seher : I think the only thing I can add is when I -- I don't know how long you're thinking. But when I look at the pipeline, it is still very robust. So I don't see that we've done a lot first and second quarter and when we're just -- it's robust. So right now, it's -- I'm confident.
Chris Lucas : Yes. I think my comment really relates to anecdotal conversations I've had with tenant rep brokers who have talked about their clients not really thinking about '21 and '22 openings, but thinking about '23 and '24 openings, and that their volume of activity has ramped considerably. But that is really how I was thinking about it.
Donald Wood : Yes. Look, Chris, but that is what happens to it. I mean this stuff takes time. I mean, I was thinking before when somebody asked the question, the difference between the high and the low end of the guidance. One of the things that we didn't say once, are we going to be able to get with all this leasing? Are tenants open faster than assumed or slower than assumed? And that's not totally in our control. As cities with permits, there's retailers that have different plans of their timetable, et cetera. So the lag in our business, obviously, between signing a lease -- or signing a lease is not the end of the process, getting that rent started is the end of the process. And that is a complex thing to do. In a lot of ways, it takes some time. So that's part of what you're hearing from those tenants also is the lead time to be able to lock up space for a true post-COVID environment.
Chris Lucas : Great. And then, Dan, I just wanted to follow up on the collection side. The abatements were down sequentially from $10 million to $7 million. I'm just curious as to whether that thought was driven by -- driven by tenant fallout? Or is that driven by them moving towards paying rent? And then kind of alongside that is also your ABR under cash basis, looks like it went up, call it, $10 million quarter-to-quarter. Is that predominantly new deals? Or are those legacy leases move to cash? Just give me any idea on that?
Donald Wood : I'm going to ask you to repeat the question, Chris, and do it one at a time.
Chris Lucas : Okay. Sorry about that, Dan. So on abatements, you went from $10 million to $7 million. Was most of the drop related to this tenant fallout? Or was it related to tenants primarily moving to paying new rent, so the abatements sort of going away?
Donald Wood : Moving towards paying us rent.
Chris Lucas : Okay. And then the second question is related to the ABR that's under cash basis. The percentage of your commercial leases under cash basis remain the same quarter-to-quarter, but the volume of ABR was up considerably from the first quarter to second quarter. So it generated about a $10 million delta on gross ABR that's under cash basis. And so I wanted to understand whether that was predominantly based on new deals that you had signed or whether there were some legacy leases that sort of contributed to that increase in ABR under cash basis.
Donald Wood : That distortion was driven by the acquisitions. Obviously, we acquired $325 million or $400 million worth of assets that had 1.75 million square feet. Obviously, that's going to skew some of the data there.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg McGinniss of Scotiabank.
Greg McGinniss : So Don, on development, I believe I saw entitlement request that Pike & Rose to potentially add lab or R&D space there. Can you provide some color on how potential construction costs and investment yields compare between traditional office and lab space near major developments and whether that's an asset type you may pursue in other locations as well?
Donald Wood : Greg, first of all, I love that you're looking at that stuff and seeing what's going on around here. What we're doing is trying to make sure that we uncover -- we're real estate guys. So we're trying to uncover the highest and best use for the real estate that's here at Pike & Rose and certainly up at Assembly Row and other places. And certainly, when you look at life sciences and you think about Montgomery County, Maryland, it's an important business that's here, that with a little bit of luck expands, and by the way, expands to places where the tenants value the amenity base that other office type tenants value in these locations. And the same applies to Assembly Row. Now at Pike & Rose, are we anywhere near being able to answer your specific questions in terms of the economics on it, whether it's viable, does it make any sense? No, we're not. We're in that early exploratory phase, but we're in the early exploratory phase because we believe there are assumptions potentially there. I've got nothing more to say about that at this point other than the entitlements in this -- on this 27 acres could certainly be used for that use and similarly at Assembly Row. So an Assembly Row could be closer because that business is -- that business, in terms of Boston and Cambridge and Somerville, is even closer to fruition than it is here. But in neither case, am I really ready to talk to you about the economics because we're not sure what we got yet.
Greg McGinniss : Okay. That's fair. And then you also mentioned that lifestyle centers are having a bit of a resurgence in tenant demand. Could you also discuss the level and type of demand you're seeing among the other asset types? And if there's any noteworthy trends by geography, that color would be appreciated as well.
Donald Wood : No. I don't -- I wouldn't do it necessarily, but I can't really do it between power centers or grocery-anchored centers or regional centers because it really does, it does depend on the geography. There is no question that even in the second quarter, we were operating in markets which were still -- I wouldn't say locked down like they were in January and February, but only coming back and coming up and building in terms of their resurgence. But that -- it was so strong in all of them, that, that we had to -- we just feel really good about talking about it. The only thing I would say is during that period of time, this second quarter, weather had a lot to do with it. So Boston felt like it was a few weeks behind New York, which felt like it was a few weeks behind Washington, D.C., et cetera. That's the -- as that weather changed and as those restrictions came off, holy cap, was there pent-up demand. And that has -- that's continued. It's interesting. We're talking a little bit -- I'm going off on a little bit of tangent, but you gave me an opportunity, so I'll do it. When you think about the Delta variant itself and what's going to happen with respect to it. Obviously, we don't know. But we do know a few things. The open-air format is fantastic. And in the markets where we're at, which has been a big disadvantage as they all closed down in 2020, these are markets where the vaccine rates are among the highest in the country. They are also the markets, and this is important, where mask wearing is accepted. There's not a stigma to it otherwise. So the notion, like we see a lot of people wearing masks at our shopping centers and our properties, but they're shopping just fine because they're comfortable with that. So I don't know how it's going to play out, but I do like the fact that really in these markets, both East and West Coast, that the vaccine rates are among the highest in the country because I think that's an important thing for the long term of this mess we're in.
Greg McGinniss : Okay. And just a quick follow-up because you mentioned pent-up demand. And I'm curious on guidance. How are you guys thinking about this level of leasing activity and how much of that might be pent-up demand versus more continued and sustainable tenant demand?
Donald Wood : Yes. There's certainly some. But as Wendy has said a couple of times here, the pipeline is full. We've got a bunch of deals to do yet. Will it be as robust as that second quarter or the first quarter? I doubt it. I mean it's hard to maintain that level of activity, plus I think half the people with Twist, they've been working on their asses off. But nonetheless, the ability to see elevated levels based on historical levels for the foreseeable future is real.
Operator: Our next question is from Floris Van Dijkum of Compass Point.
Floris Van Dijkum : I know it's a long evening here for everyone. Just making sure I understand the singed not open pipeline, the 320 basis points, you said is around $30 million of ABR. Is that correct?
Donald Wood : Correct.
Floris Van Dijkum : So it's about 5% of your POI?
Donald Wood : Of total rent.
Floris Van Dijkum : Total rents, yes. So is that about 5% of your POI, ballpark figure?
Donald Wood : Yes. That's right.
Floris Van Dijkum : Yes. Yes. So look, it's a solid number, but it looks like you've pulled forward a lot of your NOI pickup already in this past quarter. So you got another 5% to go. Just making sure, you've also indicated, Don, I think you said you hope to get back to 94%, 95% occupancy, that suggests another 3% or 300 basis point pickup from the current levels. So is that another 5% potential NOI impact going forward?
Donald Wood : Yes, of course, Floris. I mean at the end of the day, this is a 95% lease portfolio, and as I said earlier, with the development filled and the capital that we've spent fully performing, I don't know when that would be, you're talking about over $7 a share in earnings for the place. So yes, you bet you. Now ask me the day we get to 95% occupancy. I'm not sure I can give it to you, or when we're fully leased up on the development that's happening obviously. But yes, your model makes sense as to the way you're looking at it.
Floris Van Dijkum : So let me ask you the follow- on that. So obviously, your NOI goes up, your NAV should be going up as well. Does that make you think, wait a second, maybe I should hold off on tapping the ATM until my stock price gets up a little bit more? Or would you still be comfortable raising more capital at $1.17 level -- at these -- with these results behind you?
Donald Wood : So you know the answer, what it's going to be for me. This is a balanced plan and the ability to effectively raise a little bit of capital in most markets along the way is something that doesn't surprise investors. It keeps everybody, it matches beautifully the money that's spent out. The idea of letting leverage get way up because there may be that day that you can do it and then you do a big overnight, that's not our model. And so we need those investors, and I think we have them we need more of them who basically appreciate that steady, balanced approach toward equity raising, debt raising, dividend payment, what you get when you get the high-quality assets.
Operator: Our next question is from Linda Tsai of Jefferies.
Linda Tsai : I just had 1 question. In terms of the tenants that have a payback plan beyond 2021, what percentage of your ABR is that? And then when do the plans finally conclude?
Donald Wood : Linda, you've got people moving papers around all over the place around here. Just give us a second. Beyond -- what we have outstanding, roughly half of that should be paid back by the end of the year. And beyond that, it's another chunk in '22, with the balance -- with the balance in '23 and in '24. So you're probably looking about a half in the balance of the year, a quarter in '22 and then the balance beyond that.
Linda Tsai : But what percentage of your ABR is on that kind of plan?
Donald Wood : I don't have that right at my fingertips. We can provide that to you offline.
Operator: Our next question is from Paulina Rojas-Schmidt of Green Street.
Paulina Rojas-Schmidt: There is clearly a lot of interest -- investor interest in the open-air center these days. How do you think investors are looking at lifestyle centers? And how has the level of comfort with the category change in recent months, in your opinion?
Donald Wood : I don't know. The -- when you look at retail real estate, the big investors that we talk to are very interested, obviously, in the cash flow prospects of that particular asset, the particular real estate. When you look at lifestyle, I think what has become very clear during this -- during these last 6 or 8 months is that those type of assets -- and I don't know what we really mean by lifestyle in my mind that we are talking about largely our mixed-use properties and larger assets set that also include a residential or office component associated with it. I know that demand that we're seeing from tenants and therefore, the understanding of that from investors is very strong. The notion that -- the notion that we all know that grocery-anchored centers are very popular right now to effectively look at based on how they worked out through COVID. But in terms of when you sit and you say, where is your growth over the next 5 years or 6 years or 7 years, I know how we feel, and I believe the investors in this company appreciate the higher growth potential of those types of centers.
Paulina Rojas-Schmidt: Yes. Your portfolio, of course, has a mix of some property types. But if you could break up your portfolio, how far from pre-COVID is the NOI from the 30% of your portfolio comprised by lifestyle centers?
Donald Wood : It's still 15%, 18% of it, I think.
Operator: Our final question is from Katy McConnell of Citigroup.
Michael Bilerman : It's Michael Bilerman here with Katy. Don, I guess as you listen to all your peer calls and review there, leasing stats, pretty much every public company has been reporting pretty record leasing, strong pipelines. And I wanted to know whether you and your team have noticed any shift in the marketplace between public and private landlords in their share of sort of leasing that's going on, if there is a market share shift that is occurring to the better quality assets of the retail and the better capitalization that the REITs are -- and whether that shift is real or it's just sort of on the margin? And if it's real, does that alter the landscape at all and then provide -- I don't know what happens to all those centers that are not getting the leasing. Do those become acquisition opportunities or redevelopment opportunities? I didn't know whether this is a thing that's happening or not?
Donald Wood : Boy, Michael, that's a great question. And I wish I had more than anecdotal evidence by it, but let me give you the anecdotal stuff that I see. I mean it kind of ties back to what I was saying before in terms of retailers making longer-term investments. They're trying to set themselves up for the next decade post COVID, and they want to be with landlords who are with them. And what that means with them is care about who they're merchandising next to care about whether they're investing in the properties to effectively attract customers with a place-making perspective, a curbside pickup. And I mean curbside pickup, I cannot tell you how many tenants ask about it. Whether they use it or not, that's another question. But it's a critical thing to figure out whether the landlord is in it with them in trying to make them successful as businesses. If you're a private company that is undercapitalized, and I've got to make that distinction because the well-capitalized private company, and there's a bunch of them that you and I know that are not disadvantaged at all, and then darn good at what they do. But if you are a private company who is undercapitalized and trying to kind of milk the cash flow from the existing shopping center, I think you're in a serious disadvantage post COVID. And so that -- depending upon the marketplace, who's in the marketplace, who's willing to invest or not. I do think that is a sustainable trend that will widen the gap, if you will, between better real estate and less invested real estate.
Michael Bilerman : Do you think that there's a shift like your example on the Pike & Rose -- on the Pike example, are tenants just signing leases because it is available now and they know they want to get into the better space with better quality landlords but they haven't let their other lease expire. And so macro retail statistics are going to start eventually showing this depressed level of overall occupancy just because it's more of a tenant moving around with maybe a slight uptick given some of the new tenants coming into the marketplace?
Donald Wood : I don't have an opinion on that. Do either of you, guys? Because they -- when they're signing leases, it is for a move generally. It's not to milk the old store that they had in the market and add another one. So it is -- now I will say that we'll try to incentivize them to leave early and effectively use this period of time to create an economic deal that makes sense for them to leave earlier or something, but it's not -- no, I don't -- I don't see it being extra deals, if you will, that are going to wind up with closeouts in the old places down the road in any significant way, at least I don't see it that way. I don't know, Wendy's shaking her head.
Wendy Seher : I agree. I agree. It's more strategic. It's more timing, but I don't see tenants just leaving their other stores and having 2 years left on their lease. It's just -- it needs to match up most of the time with the quality of tenants that we're dealing with. I mean...
Donald Wood : Yes. Now historically, Publix was a good example of a company in Florida that would do that. Publix would leave a store, go dark in a store and open 1 -- open 1 across the street, if it was better it was better real estate, better landlord, et cetera. So I mean, there's always exception, I guess. There's always one-offs, but I do not see that or we don't see that as a trend.
Michael Bilerman : I mean, like it's just such an unusual market to go through, right? Sorry, Jeff, you were saying?
Jeffrey Berkes: Yes, to answer kind of the second part of your question, Michael. If you look at the acquisitions we got done in the second quarter, one of the common threads across those deals was the owner, for whatever reason, was unwilling or unable to invest capital in the property going forward. And those are perfect, well-located shopping centers where that's the owner's mentality. Those are perfect acquisitions for us. We like those because we will come in and put in the capital in a great location and show virtually immediate results, and leasing are very strong results in the short term in leasing. So yes, to the extent the pandemic causes more of that to happen, that will put more properties on our radar screen, for sure.
Michael Bilerman: Great. Well, I appreciate the color, even if the tenant, I know we're not going to have perfect answers as yet as we transition to the next phase of this pandemic.
Operator: Our next question is from Tammi Fique of Wells Fargo Securities.
Tammi Fique : Great. Sort of given all the leasing activity that you did in the quarter, I guess I'm curious what annual contractual rent bumps look like on the new leases signed relative to what you were negotiating pre-COVID? And then maybe as a follow-up to that, I'm wondering if you are seeing any retailers backing away from openings or closing stores due to an inability to find labor today?
Donald Wood : I guess the first part of your question, Tammi, on average, you'll still see plenty of deals at 3% bumps, 2.5% bumps. The anchors will still be flat for 5 and then up 10. And I don't see a difference in the deals we're doing compared to pre-COVID, I guess, is the big point there. And then the second part of your question was what?
Tammi Fique : I'm just curious, I guess, given we've heard some -- there are some challenges in some of those smaller retailers in particular, finding labor. And I guess I'm curious if you're seeing any retailers backing away from openings or closing stores as a result of that?
Donald Wood : I don't think so. I mean, there is no question that is a current issue, especially when you're talking about the service businesses and the restaurants and other service businesses like that. But in terms of not doing deals because of that, no, I don't see that today. I don't see that actually happening now. Ask me that again every quarter and figure out what's going on with that labor situation because I do think that has to give a little bit. And I think it will just, by the natural -- in the natural course as we go. But no, not that youll see it today.
Tammi Fique: Okay. And then maybe just one more. As you think about future development opportunities and just as we first sit here and reflect on the approaching stabilizations in the current underway pipeline, I guess I'm curious what projects either in the big 3 or in the shadow pipeline, you view as most compelling today. And our higher construction costs, having any impact on how you're thinking about future development.
Donald Wood : Yes. Well, the costs always do and what we do. And on the big 3, what we want to make sure we do as best we can because these are planned for 15 years in 20 years in terms of their execution on those things, just to have a good mix of both retail, which brings people to the asset; residential, which we do love to do in terms of that night and weekend traffic; and a component of office, which adds that daytime. So we still want to be able to do all of those on our big projects. We're working those numbers all the time. Construction costs seem to have stabilized a little bit at this at this point in time. I think that's a general good sign.  We do need to get comfortable with where rents are and whether we're able to make some money. I think I said earlier in the remarks that there are a number of opportunities potentially at Pike & Rose or Assembly that we see now. I can't wait to be telling you that there's other opportunities at Santana Row once we get that big building lease, which I would love to be able to tell you but I'm not ready to do that yet. And the existing projects that are still being built like Darien and income yet to start like CocoWalk in full measure, we'll also provide -- be providing growth over the next couple of years.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Leah Brady for closing remarks.
Leah Brady: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. Have a great night.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a great evening.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-06 09:15:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Leah Brady.
Leah Brady: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood; Dan G.; Jeff Berkes; Wendy Seher; Dawn Becker; and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results, including guidance. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be achieved. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. We've also provided some additional information for you in our investor presentation, which is available on our website. Given the number of participants on the call, we kindly ask that you limit your questions to one or two per person, and feel free to jump back in the queue if you have additional questions. With that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin the discussion of our first quarter results. Don?
Don Wood: Thanks, Leah. Good afternoon, everybody. Good morning. What a difference a couple of months makes. The natural positive annual sentiment of spring, fall and winter, coupled with the productive team rolled out, stimulus money and end-in-sight mentality, it's really got a long way in validating our optimism for a strong 2022 and 2023. First quarter FFO per share of $1.17 was sequentially better than the 2020 fourth quarter of $1.14, a positive surprise for us and the result of far fewer tenant failure than anticipated during the quarter and far better cash recoveries than anticipated. As a result, we're confident enough to update our 2022 earnings guidance and provide some clarity on the next three quarters of 2021. Dan will cover that in a few minutes. Pent-up consumer demand is real. We see it in virtually all of our properties in all of our markets despite government-imposed restrictions that still persist in our market. And when coupled with government stimulus cash, it's really powerful. PPP and other COVID-related programs that many of our tenants have taken advantage of has served an important role in buying time and getting both current and deferred rent paid. The $29 billion Restaurant Revitalization Fund, earmarked specifically for restaurants and similar places of business, as part of the massive COVID relief build will undoubtedly also create a strong tailwind for that retail category. So with the GYMS Act that, if authorized, will allow the Small Business Administration to make COVID-related grants to privately owned fitness facilities. These programs, among others, are particularly good news for Federal's lifestyle-oriented properties, which are recovering very nicely. It's quickly become a very optimistic time in our business. Now as you would expect from me, a warning about over exuberance this year is in order as many retailers, particularly small owners, along with theaters and gyms are in a weakened state. And while buoyed by temporary stimulus, need more growth in their sales than they're currently generating to be viable long-term businesses. Having said that, they'll certainly get the opportunity to succeed because traffic is back in large numbers across the board. Perhaps the greatest indication of a bright future is the continuation of exceptionally strong leasing volumes, including first quarter deals for over 0.5 million square feet of comparable space, 35% more deals than last year's largely pre-COVID first quarter for 9% more GLA, actually 24% more GLA than the average of our first quarter production over the last five years. By any measure, we're doing a lot of leases. The fact that it was also done at 9% higher rents than the previous tenants were paying for the same space bodes extremely well for 2022 and beyond when those deals are earnings contributors. The rate and volume of new deals as opposed to renewals was particularly impressive. 54 new deals for more than 220,000 square feet at 18% more rent than the previous tenant would pay. What's particularly encouraging to me is how broad-based our leasing continues to be. In the first quarter, we did grocery and drugstore deals with Giant, Whole Foods and CVS. We did box deals with Dick's and Bed, Bath. We did fitness deals with Crunch and Planet Fitness. We did lifestyle deals with CB2, American Eagle, Madewell, Athleta, Blue Bottle Cafe Coffee and a couple of dozen restaurant specialty service-oriented retailers. Strong demand all across the board, particularly in California. In fact, let me take some time today to focus in on California because it really is a microcosm of our portfolio, particularly our nonessential lifestyle product and, in my opinion, a leading indicator into the future of the Bethesda Rows, the Pike & Roses, the Assembly Rows in our portfolio. Whether good or bad, things always seem to come first to this huge and complex market. First, the governor there has previously announced that all COVID restrictions will be removed next month. This is great news. We did 50% more new deals in California in the first quarter than we did in the fourth quarter, which itself was strong. As you know, we're heavily invested in and around Silicon Valley in the north and in the Greater Los Angeles area in the south and are fully committed to investing in California in the future. Tenant demand and consumer traffic are among the highest anywhere in our portfolio, and 2021 should be an all-time record for us in terms of the number of new retail leases we expect to do there. It's really hard to short great real estate in California despite the headwinds. Let me start with San Jose and Silicon Valley, which has become a beneficiary of urban and suburban migration in San Francisco to the north. Santana Row car traffic, as measured by our parking systems, rose 69% in April compared with January and is fast approaching pre-COVID levels. Residential occupancy is back up over 95% after dipping to a COVID low point of 91% in the middle of last year. And as you may have seen late last month, Santana Row was the recipient of the first large Silicon Valley COVID era office lease site as Fortune 500 cloud-led software company, NetApp, decided to relocate their headquarters to Santana Row in 700 Santana Row, the 300,000 square foot building not yet populated but previously leased to Splunk. The stated reason: to better facilitate a winning employee experience in a more connected space. In other words, state-of-the-art facilities in a fully amenitized environment that makes retaining employees and hiring great talent easier. No lost economics to us versus the Splunk deal, but two more years of term and a better diversified tenant base. And by the way, another candidate for additional office space at Santana as their Silicon Valley footprint grows. Splunk, of course, remains fully committed to Santana Row at 500 Santana Row. Now across the street at Santana West, our 375,000 square foot spec office building under construction, remains unleased -- leased and has certainly been set back in terms of timing of lease-up with the pause in overall office leasing during COVID. But we remain, and in fact, are more optimistic about its leasing prospects than we've been since COVID hit and are encouraged by the office-centric back-to-work comments made by the Silicon Valley tone setters like Google, Amazon, Apple, Netflix there. These and others are all hiring in the South Bay and are showing a heightened desire for newly constructed office space with walkable amenities and ample park. In Southern California, our Primestor portfolio, which caters to a largely Latino population in Los Angeles, remains among the top-performing group of shopping centers among all Federal centers nationwide in terms of rent collection and property operating income compared with pre-COVID levels. Big assets like Plaza El Segundo and The Point are recovering nicely and serve the beach cities of Manhattan, Formosa and Redondo Beaches, places which are even more attractive to live in than they were pre-COVID. So I guess a somewhat obvious conclusion here is that California is as big and complex an economy as any region can be, actually bigger and more complex than most countries. And as with every major market, varies greatly within the submarkets where the supply and demand characteristics of the specific real estate dictate performance. We've got some great real estate sale there. All right. A few other proactive comments before turning it over to Dan. While always a key part of our business plan, we've turned up the heat on the number and the scope of shopping center redevelopments and repositionings that are or about to be underway. A combined capital budget in excess of $75 million over 17 projects aimed at ensuring relevant best-in-class community-centric centers in a post-COVID environment. More gathering areas, more outdoor seating, more designated curbside pickup spots, better landscaping, covered walkways, you get the idea. Everything aimed at ensuring our properties are the consolidators in their given submarket. In terms of our developments, we're really looking forward to showing off the new CocoWalk when investors are back to traveling regularly. Today, tenants continue to open where the retail space is 98% and office space 82%, underleased or executed LOI. The initial market acceptance of this revitalized center at Coconut Grove has been phenomenal and should only get better over the next 12 months as more and more retailers open their doors. Heading north to Darien, Connecticut, we're very bullish about our mixed-use neighborhood that's well under construction here, especially given its perfect location for a hybrid New York City work model. For those of you who live near or are familiar with our project, you should start to be able to get a sense of what that mixed-use development is going to feel like as construction and leasing move forward as anticipated. Office leasing activity has picked up markedly this past quarter at 909 Rose -- Pike & Rose, where 75% of both POI and GLA at a 219,000 square foot office building is either under lease or executed LOI. Not only activity, but deal-making feels so much more productive than it did just a few weeks ago. In Assembly Row, PUMA is just a couple of months away from opening their new U.S. headquarters and welcoming employees back to work. And we'll begin to market our -- and separately, we'll begin to market our residential project there in earnest this month. Like the CocoWalk Pike & Rose, office leasing activity has picked up here, too, but not to the same extent. The Boston Metropolitan area is poised for recovery, but clearly lagged behind the others by what feels like several weeks or a month. Okay. From developments and redevelopments to acquisitions. We closed on our first acquisition in 2021 last week in the form of Chesterbrook Shopping Center in the affluent first ring DC suburb of McLean, Virginia. We paid $26 million in initial five cap for an 80% controlling interest in this 83% leased Safeway-anchored center and with a market repositioning plan and up under market in-place rents, we expect strong short-term growth and significant value add. We're also under contract and in our due diligence period for several other acquisitions that, absent negative surprises, will close later in the year. I'm not ready to talk further about them at this point, but more to come here over the next few months. Okay. That's about all I have for my prepared remarks today. Let me turn it over to Dan, and we'll be happy to entertain your questions after that.
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you, Don, and good morning -- good afternoon, everyone. Good evening. To echo Don's initial comments, we have been the beneficiary of the broad-based recovery that the entire open-air retail real estate industry has experienced in the first quarter. We significantly outperformed the quarter, reporting FFO per share of $1.17, up 3% sequentially from 4Q and well ahead of our internal expectations. We went from the dark days of December and January, where government-mandated shutdowns in our markets impacted over 90% of Federal's assets and we experienced weaker consumer traffic and collections than prior months, to 90 days later, where, after another round of PPP supporting our tenants, successful vaccine rollout and a reopening of our markets, all make things seem somewhat sustainable. Given this increased stability, we were able to beat our internal forecast by higher revenues and POI, broadly from higher collections than forecast both in the current period and from prior periods as well; less fallout from small shop tenants than expected; higher term fees and percentage rent and forecast, offset by higher property level expenses, primarily due to snow. Positive trend in COVID-19 collectability reserves continues as we had just $14.8 million in the quarter, down 20% sequentially versus 4Q. We expect that progress to continue over the course of the year. $10 million of that amount is driven by our strategic decision to be more accommodative with our tenants. More on that in a moment. We continue to improve on collections, achieving 90% for the quarter, steady progress despite weakness in January due to the aforementioned shutdowns. Our strategic decision to be more accommodative to our tenants differentiates us from many of our peers. In our disclosure, you'll see negotiated abatements in the form of temporary percentage rent and other arrangements, totaling $10 million or about 5% of billed rent for the quarter. That accounts for roughly 50% of our uncollected rent. Those agreements are scheduled to burn off over the balance of the year and into 2022. Combined collections, deferrals and abatements totaled 96%, leaving about 4% of our billed monthly rents unresolved relative to the steady-state pre-COVID 1% to 2% low. Another area where we outperformed our forecast is occupancy. Our tenants have demonstrated surprising resiliency for a combination of better-than-expected renewal activity and fewer tenant failures. Our leased occupancy metric stands at 91.8% at quarter end, and our occupied metric dipped below 90% to 89.5%, both stronger levels than we predicted to start the year. Our leased-to-occupied spread has increased 230 basis points and represents roughly $20 million of PR upside in the future. But given the strong pace of leasing activity, my gut tells me that spread should grow in the coming quarters. While we still expect continued pressure on our occupancy over the next quarter or 2, we do not expect the trough to be as deep as previously feared as continued leasing activity and volumes we have achieved over the last three quarters, plus our strong forward leasing pipeline should set us up for a more pronounced growth in '22. Now to the balance sheet and an update on liquidity. We ended the first quarter with $1.8 billion of total available capital comprised of $780 million of cash and an undrawn $1 billion revolver. We amended our term loan in April, pushing the maturity out to 2024 with the option to extend through 2026. We reduced the spread from 135 to 80 basis points over LIBOR and paid down the loan balance to leave $300 million outstanding. We completed the sale for $20 million of our Grand Park Plaza land parcel to a regionally based townhome developer. Please note that we do have a participation interest here, which could provide some additional upside given the strength in the suburban DC housing market. We have further solidified our well-laddered maturity schedule with only $125 million of debt maturing between now and mid-2023, all which is secured and is earmarked for repayment from cash on hand. This will increase our unencumbered pool to 92% of EBITDA. And lastly, as we have done programmatically every year since 2011, we sold common equity through our ATM program, $124 million at a blended share price of $105 in start of the year. Our remaining to spend on our $1.2 billion in-process development pipeline stands at just over $360 million. As we have throughout the past year, we sit with significant dry powder. Now on to guidance for '21 and '22. Now please keep in mind before I start that there is still a high degree of uncertainty in our forecast given the continued impact of the pandemic on our business. But with that being said, we are providing 2021 guidance in a range of $4.54 to $4.70 per share. Despite a strong first quarter, some of that outperformance is not expected to be recurring. Let me be a bit more helpful. Think of 2Q roughly flat to 1Q at $1.15 to $1.20 per share. Now the second half of the year will be negatively impacted primarily from the delivery of our large residential project at Assembly Row due to the negative POI during lease-up as well as reduced capitalized interest. As a result, figure the third quarter at roughly $1.10 to $1.15, and the fourth quarter back towards the first half's run rate of $1.15 to $1.20, which gets you to the midpoint of our range at $4.62 per share, a $0.10 increase from the 2021 guidepost we provided on last quarter's call. Assumptions behind this guidance. Comparable growth of roughly 2% as we expect some choppiness over the next quarter or 2, and we do not expect to have term fees in 2021 at the same levels of 2020 or 2019, which were both north of $14 million. Please note that comparable growth as a metric continues to have limited utility in this environment. Collectability metrics should improve over the course of the year, but will not return to pre-COVID levels until sometime in '22. As discussed, we expect lower occupancy levels in the next quarter or two before stabilizing later in the year, but remain optimistic that it will not be as bad as previously viewed. Targeting a trough at 88% range for occupied percentage with a leased percentage remaining above 90%. G&A will average roughly $11 million to $12 million in the quarter. On the capital side, we project spend on development and redevelopment of roughly $350 million to $400 million. The contributions from our large development projects will be modestly negative in 2021 as POI from CocoWalk's lease-up will be more than offset by bringing online the Phase IIIs for both Pike & Rose and Assembly Row, including the aforementioned resi building, which, as I mentioned, are initially dilutive during lease-up. We project another $150 million of opportunistic equity issuance on our ATM over the course of the year, and as our custom, this guidance assumes no acquisitions or dispositions over the balance of '21. We will adjust those as we go. However, our recently acquired Chesterbrook shopping center, demographically strong McLean, Virginia is included in these numbers. For 2022, we are providing a range of $5.05 to $5.25, which represents close to double-digit FFO growth in 2022. This is being driven by lower COVID-19 collection challenges as deferrals are repaid and abatement agreements earn off, the expectation of growing occupancy levels back into the low 90s and stronger contributions from our development pipeline as leasing activity more meaningfully translates to POI. More detail on 2022 as we get further into the year. And with that, operator, Please open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is with Sameer Khanal with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Sameer Khanal: Hey, good afternoon everyone. Don, can you provide some color on the guidance for the year? Mainly, what are you assuming to get to the low end here the 450?
Don Wood: Well, I think there's a fair amount of uncertainty still as we're, I think, relying upon, I think, better performance for PPP money and so forth. Let's wait and see how well our tenants do when -- later in the year to see how well they perform without PPP money and so forth. I think that the expectations that, that cash collects generally kind of are consistent with where we are. We have more weakness or weakness in occupancy where we're probably at the lower end of the range, closer to the 88% is a driver there. And then it's also how does continued lease-up perform over the course of the year.
Sameer Khanal: Okay. Got it. And then I guess, Don, for my second question is on transaction. I mean, how do you think about your acquisition strategy today sort of on the other side of COVID? I mean do you find yourself targeting kind of non-gateway markets given the migration trends we've been seeing? Or it's sort of the same as what you've done, kind of are you targeting sort of close to markets at this point?
Don Wood: Yes. No, Samir, it's a great question. It's -- there's a number of things that have become really clear [indiscernible] COVID, from my perspective. And that is the migration that is so talked about is largely from the city to the first ring suburbs. And so when I sit, I see what is happening in the places that we're at, I know that we're going to continue to invest in those places for all the reasons that we felt good about them for all those years. So the first thing is, you should feel -- you should understand that Federal is very committed to the markets that we're in for future acquisitions. The second is -- it's an interesting concept. I've talked in the past about Arizona. I've talked in the past about south and west acquisitions. But you know what that's mostly about is the reality that for stuff that we want, and that will not change, it is the high-quality stuff that has for leasing and redevelopment potential. We need a few more ponds to fish in, if you will, because we all are in just seven or eight markets. And it is pretty clear that markets like Phoenix and Scottsdale, markets potentially like Dallas, maybe Atlanta, we'll see, certainly, South Florida have the similar characteristics to those markets that have worked real well for us. So the stuff that we've got tied up that I can't give you too much on, I can tell you one of those assets are in the existing markets that we're in, one of those markets is a new one in terms of the Southwest, as you might imagine. So I hope we get both of them over the transom there. But really what that's about is when you invested in Federal, You invest in Federal to look for those markets with high barriers to entry, lots of jobs, great education that includes the ones we're in. And yes, it includes a few new ones, potentially over the next several years. So try and think about it that way.
Sameer Khanal: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is with Derek Johnston from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Derek Johnston: Hi, everyone. Thank you. Okay, it's no secret that you have the highest ABR among your property type of peers. Would rent slowing a bit lower actually be that bad of a thing given the significant spread of peers and, of course, acknowledging the quality? So I guess the question is, how do you look at balancing occupancy and rent growth in this emerging post-COVID environment?
Don Wood: Well, it's a great question, Derek. And as you think about it, the conversations about rents has to be talked about in the same conversation as productivity. When you think about what the occupancy cost is for a particular retailer, that retailer is looking to make money and create value. And that's going to be very dependent upon what it is that they do in top line, either on-site or in their total business as well as the cost structure throughout the whole business. So I know what I just said is obvious, but it feels like we sometimes so focused on the absolute rent number, we don't focus on the business that effectively is there that is creating value for that particular company, owners and shareholders. So from a rent perspective, I can tell you, I feel pretty darn good that we will actually have enhanced demand. We have seen enhanced demand at our properties. Now that doesn't mean you won't make accommodations, if you will, during COVID. We certainly will and have demonstrated that we'll do that probably to a greater extent than others are willing to do that. But that's only because we have great faith in our properties going forward. So we're always going to try to get the best economic deal that we can that works for that particular tenant. The key is to find the right tenants, to find those tenants that are those that can do the volumes and those that cannot just pay the highest rents, that can do the volumes to create the synergies within a shopping center that make the whole effectively impacted by each of the parks. So that's not a -- I don't know how to answer your question in terms of is it so bad if rents rolled out. I don't think about it that way. We think about it as from a shopping center perspective, how do we make the overall total sales of that shopping center go up. And -- because if that happens, whether, again, it's online or a combination of online or in-store, if that happens, rent is a byproduct of that. It's not the leading indicator. So when you go for a lead indicator, it feels to me like you're competing in a business based on being the cheapest guy. That's not a business I want to have anything to do with running. That's no fun. I've got to be able to be the guy that you want to come to because you can make the most money. And if all you're looking at is cheap rents to be able to do that, I think it's pretty myopic.
Derek Johnston: Thanks, Don. Very helpful. Hey, I'll pass the baton. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is with Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good evening. So two questions. First, Don, there've been a number of stories, articles, etc., on labor shortages caused by basically people who would, I guess, back restaurants are paid more to sit at home with the extended unemployment than actually taking jobs. Across your portfolio, are any of your sort of lifestyle tenants, your experience with tenants who would -- are heavy on the labor front as part of their offering. Are any of those tenants expressing to you an issue with the ability to hire labor or, across your tenants, they're not having -- they're not seeing that impact?
Don Wood: Oh, no. Well, first of all, there's two questions there, Alex. First, are they expressing it to us? No, not particularly, but I don't know why they would. And that's not the same question. Are they experiencing problems in getting labor? And the answer to that is obviously yes. But I don't need to know that as a landlord because it's not particularly germane to me as a landlord in the short period during COVID. But it's absolutely impacting. I bet you, most people who have either been to a restaurants, not even restaurants, to a store, and kind of seen the understaffing that persists right now and the quality of the labor force, it's a problem. I would not candy coat that one bit. Now it's good to be the landlord effectively because we're talking about commitments for the long term, and I do not expect this to be a persistent in terms of being able to find it. But right now, with unemployment where it is, with the state of mind that kind of -- the country has been in during this, I absolutely believe that there are numerous businesses, not just restaurants that are struggling to find qualified help.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second question is, you laid out guidance for this year and guidance next year. So I don't think we are expecting the 2022. But Don, knowing you over the years, you don't lay out anything unless you're absolutely certain that you could achieve it, which then suggests that your real 2022 number is above the 525 that you laid out at the top end. So just help us walk through why we shouldn't believe the real number is better than the range that you laid out.
Don Wood: Well, I guess the basic reason is your logic is flawed. I mean, number one, I'm certainly not laying something out because whatever your words where they are absolutely positive, I seriously do. I mean, here's where we are. We've got lots of accommodative deals that we'll be burning off. We know that when they burn off, they will return to rent. Now hopefully, those tenants will be able to pay that full rent and continue to do that. We know that certainly, we've got development projects that are being delivered. Of course, when you deliver a big residential building there's dilution associated with it. I mean we all know that. That's how it works on your way to creating a bunch of value there. We know that the volume of leasing that we've already done and rolling into what income stream that's going to produce is pretty predictable. And so kind of like I said on the last call, Alex, '22 for us is, in many respects, more predictable than it is in '21 for any particular period. And I think that's still hangs out there. Now to the -- again, here comes the bridge from those comments to -- and therefore, we need to flow through the numbers of 2022 that we've laid out, I don't know how to get there. I mean, there is -- we tried to put out a range there as best we see it today based on those things going away, the accommodations going away, the developments coming on, their impact, positive or negative, associated with it and the leasing that is being done, those three primary things. And we get comfortable that for that period of time, we should be in that range. Lots of things can go wrong from there, and a few things could go right. So you're right. I mean, let me tell you, we're going to do all we can to blow through those numbers. But please don't take that as a de facto given that, that can happen because I don't have that much of a crystal ball. And I don't know if that's helpful or not, but just the way you characterized it didn't suggest the way I feel.
Alexander Goldfarb: Well, no. I mean, it's a positive for you, right? You guys had in pre-COVID had tended [ph] raise, and that was the hallmark for you guys. And it's based over time of your track record, which is kudos to you, right?
Don Wood: Look, I appreciate that. And you can bet that that's what we will try to do all the way through. But it is -- I just didn't want you to take it as far as it did with respect to the undoubtedly, this is what's going to happen because you'd be a whole lot better than I am or any of us are if you'd be able to be that precise.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thank you.
Don Wood: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is with Katy McConnell from Citi. Please proceed with the question.
Katy McConnell: Great, thank you. Well, first of all, we really appreciate the added disclosure on both 2021 and 2022 guidance. So just digging into the drivers a little more, can you provide some goalposts around how much development completion and lease up is contributing to the range each year? And I assume you got one of the main drivers of the wider range in 2022, in particular.
Don Wood: We focused on 2022 or 2021? 2021, the contributions to -- from development are going to be actually negative as we at Highland. It's actually going to be -- what we're focused on is on '22, we've got primary drivers being the two big buildings at Assembly. They will begin to contribute in 2022, but will not fully contribute until 2023. Cocowalk should begin to stabilize in 2022. And we did a fully -- a full run rate at some point over the course of the year, as should, at some point, the building here at Pike & Rose. I think that there should be probably contribution in and around, an additional 10 million of additional incremental relative to '21 contribution over the course of the year. But Katy, your question is dead right. The -- if you think about us delivering -- Assembly is an easy one to understand, right? We're going to deliver this year a big residential building. The pace of lease-up, how you get through 500 units is going to determine, in some respects, how quickly the dilution burns off when you start being accretive, what kind of rents we're getting, etcetera. And there's a lot of question around how that's going to work. I don't know that we're going to be doing 20 to 30 units, say, a month or we're going to be able to do 40 or 45 units a month and at what rent. So if you kind of roll that through a model, you've got a -- just from that big project, you've certainly got range. But our range for 2022 is way beyond that. It really has to include some basic assumptions on lease-up of the portfolio. As you know, as Dan said, we'll be at 88% or 89% later this year. We've got to get that back up to 92% or 93%. The pace by which that happens is going to very much determine that. But I do feel great, frankly, about the -- not only the direction that we're headed but because of the volume that we're doing and the rate of the progress we're making on the development that while we can't be precise with respect to exactly how that income stream is going to come on, we certainly know what the direction of it is. And within a range that I actually think is pretty tight, given the fact that we're nine to 20 -- 18 months out, I think it's pretty tight. And so all of those things considering, I think we got a pretty good -- can give you more visibility than we've been able to give you since the beginning of the pandemic.
Michael Bilerman: Don, it's Michael Bilerman. I too wanted to thank you for giving us a lot of the details on the guidance and the actual numbers. Is it -- you can jump down my throat if I ask you to put that in the supplemental each quarter?
Don Wood: Michael, that's a bait and switch. You had Katy start and ask a question. And then you jumped right in there. If I knew that, we would have put you at the end of the line for Pete's sake.
Michael Bilerman: Oh, geez. I thought we were friends.
Don Wood: I'm just kidding, for Pete's sake. No, you can certainly ask that. And that is certainly something that Dan G and Melissa Solis and the financial side of this company will certainly come to a conclusion with the help of our general counsel as to what should go in there. So I don't have anything to say with respect to that today, Michael.
Michael Bilerman: Well, it would be great. That way, there's no confusion over the numbers. These conference calls could take 10, could quickly be heard of as a 15 or something. But my question was, you talked on the call earlier, and you focused on California. You spent a lot of time talking about Santana Row and Prime store. Was the focus more so on what you have today? Or do you want to highlight California as an area of the country that you wanted to deploy incremental capital outside of Santana Row and Prime store? I just wanted to know sort of the background to it.
Don Wood: No, that's very fair. And the answer is -- the short answer is both. And so I hope we are making incrementally new investments in California. But you know why we brought that up, and I spent so much time on that? So Berkes and I have been going back and forth on -- I'll send out an article to him that I read. He'll say it's only telling half the story and yell at me. We would -- we sit there and debate how important California is as a market today and where it's going to be tomorrow. What are we really seeing with respect to leasing demand? Is that changing? Is the state -- is everybody moving to Texas? How is this all really playing out. And we really came down to this very good understanding that the headlines are far more exaggerated than effectively the supply and demand characteristics of the markets that we're in that we can certainly talk about with knowledge because we're out there doing those leases. And as a result, the ability to find other places where we would like to continue to invest. We do have another one that we're looking at really, really closely in Southern California that I hope we can get over to pull over the transom because I think the long-term opportunity is amazing. So I wanted to go through that really as a headline buster, if you will. And I do think it's a great microcosm of -- and a predictor of what you will see as the Massachusetts economy opens back up. It is interesting, if you look at weather. So as you head north, you can say, okay, Pike & Rose is behind Florida, but ahead of Boston. Austin is behind Pike & Rose, and we can see where it's going relative to California. The warmer it gets, the nicer the weather, by far, seems to be the biggest predictor of traffic levels and sales.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. Thanks for the color, Don.
Don Wood: Thank you, Michael, and we are friends.
Michael Bilerman: I know. Take care.
Operator: Our next question is with Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good evening. First, Don, on development, maybe residential more specifically. I understand there's some uncertainties on the speed of residential lease-up at Assembly Row. Just curious what the expected stabilized yield is there. And then also, how do you feel about starting additional residential development at this time? And when might you break ground on future development phases?
Don Wood: So Greg, that's fair. The stabilized yield, I don't feel differently about. It might take another year to get there? Sure. I mean, the greatest -- the best part of residential, and I'm sure you hear it on every residential call, is the same thing as the worst part of residential for 1-year leases. A little bit less, a little bit more. So it's not like you build something in a great market, but at the long time and you're stuck in purgatory forever, as happens on the retail side and certainly happens in the office side. And so I know today, it is, as we've talked about as you've indicated here, it is our toughest market from a residential perspective, to be able to make progress. And that is where we're opening up a new project. So there is less predictability in terms of that timing and where we go. I do believe we'll be where we said we'd be as upon stabilization, even if that stabilization is later than obviously, than it would have been pre-COVID. We'll have to see, we'll have to play that out. In terms of investing in residential in other places. Sure, we will. I still feel -- I feel very good about that at our mixed-use properties. Again, not stand-alone, but where they are at our mixed-use properties. The real question there is what are we going to do -- are we going to be able to make the number of work with construction prices, which are absolutely, at this point in time, out of control. And whether that is a long-term phenomenon or a short-term phenomenon is to be seen. Clearly, supply chain of materials has been completely disrupted in the last year globally, and that impacts prices. So we have to see where that will go. But at Bala Cynwyd, for example, in our shopping center there outside of Philadelphia and Lower Merion Township, we're leasing up our small project, and we really want to do a small project there as a precursor to see what kind of demand we would have for a larger project that would include residential on the Lord & Taylor site that is there. One of the best pieces of the land in all -- in the whole Federal portfolio. And I am extremely bullish on what has the initial demand on -- even during COVID of the small project that we did there. And on the township and the design process of what we're building. So it comes at -- we're an economic company. It comes down to can we make money? And can we add value to the extent we can with residential in our existing properties, we will still do that.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. And one for Dan here. On the accommodative tenant agreements that you were talking about, Just curious what the total magnitude and cadence of those agreements are going to be as they burn off, I guess, later this year and into '22? And what types of tenants were those provided to?
Don Wood: Primarily, we've talked about this on calls before. I mean, we've made accommodative with a fair amount of restaurants operating during COVID, tying kind of doing a greater of fixed rent that's less than their contractual rent for a temporary period of time or a percentage of sales. But we'll see how well they burn off in particular because it depends on how -- whether or not we get the upside of the percentage rent. And then it should burn off over time ratably. It's not -- those accommodative agreements are not all $10 million of abatements that we had during the quarter. But that should burn off ratably probably over the next, I would say, 12 to 18 months.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. So these are not new agreements. It's just continuation of ones that were already in place?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes, correct.
Greg McGinniss: Okay, thank you. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Our next question is with Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, thanks for the time. I just hoping to -- if you could give us a little color on the leased versus occupancy spread. You kind of talked about a $20 million number. And how much of that is truly additive versus kind of musical chairs in between tenants or space? And how you think the timing of that in terms of coming online?
Don Wood: That's primarily -- is additive. Not a lot of musical chairs, not a lot of moving around the tenants; it's additive [ph].
Juan Sanabria: Could you say that one more time? Sorry.
Don Wood: Juan, I was just -- you'll see that starting in the second half of '21 and '22 in terms of the timing.
Juan Sanabria: Great, thank you. And then on the leasing side, you had a huge number on the leasing spread for new deals, 18%. Anything unusual in the numbers in the quarter that kind of skewed that? Or Is that kind of how you're thinking about future volumes for the balance of the year maybe?
Don Wood: No, I don't know how it will come out from the rest of the year, but I can tell you, there's always a few deals in there that are especially good, including a couple that we had this time up at Assembly Row. But I think that's kind of what you see with us. There's always a couple of good ones in there. And just -- and there might be a -- there's a quarter where we got a couple of bad ones in there. But overall, I kind of like the trajectory that you see.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is with Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Schmidt: Yeah, thank you. I wanted to talk -- I mean, the increase in the leasing volume, I know you talked a lot of new lease, but are they more essential? Are they more discretionary? And are you seeing new names to your portfolio? Or are these people that have properties and are looking to expand in your portfolio?
Don Wood: Yes. Let me start on that. I'd love either Jeff or Wendy to add on to my point, but -- to my comments. But a couple of things, Craig. The thing that keeps striking me throughout this process is how broad-based the leasing has been. I've been looking for places to say, okay, here's a category that is very active right now. And this other category is not doing deals. I'm not seeing that. I'm seeing this broad-based. Now what I know is the number of deals that you're seeing at some of like the essential -- sorry, the nonessential, the lifestyle type projects are particularly good. And I think that's a factor or a notion of, there's a -- I believe there is a groundswell that is becoming more and more accepted that these first-tier suburbs with places that are -- that can be more than just your shopping center that are effectively an integral part of your life are a place to be. So what we're really trying to do and seen some really good success there is for getting new leases from tenants that have been not -- are new to market and we've seen that in a large way at Santana, I know Jeff can talk more about that. We've seen that in a huge way on the Pike & Rose, Village at Sherlington, First Row suburbs outside of Washington, D.C. for new food concepts. Certainly, for some gym concepts that have been newly capitalized along the way and even apparel. So this is about as broad as it's been. We certainly have grocery deals in there, a CVS deal in there along the way. But it's -- I'm most excited to tell you the truth, not about the boxes. The boxes are fine, and they've got a lot of leverage and they're the national companies that will pay the rent and isn't that exciting? It's really exciting when you're killed by COVID, not particularly exciting going forward. And there's not a lot of growth in it. It is kind of what it is. I'm excited by the small shop potentials at consolidating places that are either mixed use or dominant in the dominant shopping centers in their markets because that's where I think there'll be value to add significantly over the next few years. Jeff or Wendy? Craig always asks the best questions.
Wendy Seher: I know. And Craig, I appreciate the question because truth be told, with the amount of activity that we've had this quarter and what's bubbling up, I was a little eager to jump in, in terms of leasing. So I appreciate it. Very true, broad-based is what certainly we're seeing all over the East not just at lifestyle centers, certainly, but our community centers, our neighborhood centers, our power centers. As Don said, we maintain a strong, steady and healthy level of anchor activity, which has been very good and supportive and kind of continuous. The spike had been on the smaller shops, all the way from the mom-and-pops from Taco Bambas which is a coveted taco player in Northern Virginia that just signed a deal with us in Congressional in Rockville, to Athleta, to Room & Board, to American Eagle to Gregory's Coffee who's joining us in Long Island. So new names. In addition, where we had strong tenants like a Starbucks, we're doing several deals with them where they're taking their focus on these first-ring suburbs and they're investing and we're investing in creating some opportunities for them that would also maintain and provide a drive-through. So that's kind of what we've done for the quarter. In conjunction with that, what I'm also pretty excited about is what I see in the pipeline. And that is, again, broad-based all the way across our property formats and robust. So not just in renewals, but in net new deals. So I'm very encouraged by what I'm seeing lately.
Jeff Berkes: Yes. And Craig, really same on the West Coast, whether it's up at Santana within the prime store portfolio or some of our other Southern California properties, both on the new deal and renewal side. And then both in, let's call it, the more traditional neighborhood and community center-type small shop like Wendy's talking about or the more, let's call it, lifestyle-oriented tenant like we'll see it at The Point where we did an every deal or up at Santana where we've done a number of new market clothing retailer deals, which we've mentioned on prior calls. And restaurants. We have a restaurant under construction, first unit out of San Francisco. We have another restaurant under construction that's new to market. Notable chef, it's the fourth restaurant that he's opening. First one in California. So really encouraged not only by what we've accomplished so far in, let's call it, the last three quarters or so coming -- as we started to come out of COVID. But if you look at the pipeline of deals that are being negotiated right now, that's very strong. I couldn't be happier about that.
Craig Schmidt: Great. Thanks for the detail in that. And then I guess just one other thing. The big difference for me between fourth quarter and first quarter has been the change on the impact from government restrictions. I think January was described earlier in the call, the dark day. And then we look at your ADR, open at 98% in April 30th. How much of February and March were closer to that April performance versus the January performance?
Don Wood: That's a great question. And overall, I -- it's a pretty straight line. And again, I kind of think the straight line that took you from January to April, it's heavily weather-dependent, too. I mean, look, the issue is if you say, what do I worry about? I mean, the government stimulus has clearly been helpful. There will be more to come. That's clearly helpful. But for businesses to be long term viable, those government restrictions have to go away and those businesses have to see if they can survive long term. That, to me, is still a question mark, right? You can't have a business that's 25% open, paying rent because the stimulus is allowing them to pay rent. But the stimulus goes away, you've got -- you can't make any money at 25% or 50%. So it's really -- that's what is yet to be seen. The encouraging side of that drag, and it's happened all the way through. It's the traffic that has come out has been impressive. And so these people have the opportunity to buy and to eat and to spend, I believe they will. At least those retailers will not have much of an excuse if those folks are there and the government restrictions were gone to be able to make money in their businesses.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. And just one quick one. Just given the acceleration of the business, when might Federal be able to cover their dividend with operating cash flow?
Don Wood: You should expect 2022. I'm not sure which quarter yet in 2022, the third or the fourth quarter. But later in 2022 is where we hope to be there.
Craig Schmidt: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is with Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay, thank you. Good evening out there. So first, a little bit of a follow-up on question on leasing. The blended rents in the quarter were up 9%. I'm curious how that compares to your mixed use versus more anchors. And also what is your sense of how that plays out, that dynamic, that spread perhaps, given the demand and pricing trend you're seeing in the mixed-use and gross rented portfolios? Thanks.
Don Wood: Haendel, you may have to do the second part first. So in the first part of your question, We did better in the mixed-use properties in terms of the new deals moving forward than we did in the more basic shopping centers, the essential stuff. And that's kind of in line with what I was talking about a few minutes ago. But the second part of your question, I just didn't get. I don't think Dan did either.
Haendel St. Juste: Sure. No, I was getting at sort of what you were seeing within those two segments today, comparatively to the 9% overall for the portfolio. Then what's your sense of how that plays out over the near term, given the demand and pricing trends you're seeing at in each piece of the portfolio.
Don Wood: I do have a point of view on that. The -- when you say near term, I'm not sure if we're talking about the next three quarters or so because the answer from my perspective then is I don't know. You'll see -- it will depend, as I said earlier on the call, to the deals that got -- the particular deals that got done in a particular quarter as it kind of always does. But longer term, I would expect to see better growth from the 25% nonessential part of the company than I would the 75%. But the 75% is critical to not only the stability of the company, but some level of growth so that the remaining 25 kind of takes that and builds on. That's how we look at it and see it over the next, let's say, three years. I don't know, Jeff or Wendy, if you want to add anything to that.
Jeff Berkes: No, I think you've got it, Don.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. Fair enough. A question then maybe for you, Dan. Can you talk about the restaurant and movie theater rents, how they trended in April and what that implies for your full year '21 guide? And then maybe also remind us what percent of the outstanding reserves are tied to those two industries. Thanks.
Dan Guglielmone: I didn't quite get your question, Haendel. You're a little low.
Haendel St. Juste: I asked if you could talk about restaurant and movie theater trends, how they trended in April and what that implies for the full year '21 guide. And then also, if you could remind us what percent of the outstanding reserves are tied to those two industries.
Dan Guglielmone: I would say our reserves, probably about 40% of the reserves. I'm just getting -- it is a specific number. I don't have it in my pink slips.
Don Wood: You may want to do that offline.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. We need to take this offline. I'm happy to answer it following the phone call, Haendel. That's a detail we didn't prepare for.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Got it. Maybe I can substitute a different second question. I don't know if I missed it, but did you guys disclose the cap rate on the gross percent you acquired in Virginia and maybe some thoughts on the long-term opportunity and returns there?
Don Wood: Five going in. You should expect that to be at least a six and three quarters and maybe a 7% within just a few years.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Is that from occupancy or occupancy plus rents?
Don Wood: Yes and yes. Primarily rent. To the extent we get to remerchandise the shopping center, which we very much expect to do just to be able to provide McLean, Virginia with the kind of product that we'd like it to, it should be a great addition. You've been in a Wildwood in Bethesda, right? McLean needs one.
Haendel St. Juste: Yeah. Got it, all right. That was all for me, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is with Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Mueller: Yeah, hi. Few of them here. First, Dan, I think you talked about prior period rent collections that were in the number of benefit this quarter. Can you throw out what that number was? And then also, I know you don't put acquisitions in guidance for '21 or '22, but can you help us think about the cash on hand? You're raising incremental equity. You talked about $350 million to $400 million development spend this year. How significant could acquisitions be? And to the extent they're not, I mean, what development spend looks like in 2022 just thinking about burning through the cash?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. Sure, I'll do the two questions together. I'll take the first one quickly. We had about $8 million of prior period rent. We had projected some prior period rents to be paid. That was a bit more than we expected. We've had prior period rents in the second quarter and the third quarter. The third quarter and fourth quarter of last year and so forth, it's hard to predict kind of what that level will be on a go-forward basis this year. So that's a little bit also some of the variability what we're expecting, not much prior period rent we had to do collecting. And on the second piece with regards to the cash. Look, we're trying to keep a -- we've got spend that we're expecting this year. We've got some opportunities from an acquisition perspective in the quarter. We had $800 million and an undrawn line of credit. I mean, we have plenty of dry powder. And I think we really can be pretty tactical with regards to how we deploy that capital. And we've got -- that's not a concern for us at the moment in terms of how we pay for the opportunities that we'll see over the course of the next 12 to 18 months.
Don Wood: Like we got about $170 million left after this year on the existing developments that are underway now. And I think that -- I don't know it's about $250 million or so left for this year on our existing, maybe $300 million.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes.
Don Wood: So if you think about $450 million or some kind of number like that to finish up the existing developments that we have, again, the $800 million on the -- of cash on the balance sheet. And so the acquisitions that we're looking at, I don't -- I'm not ducking this. I simply don't really want to give you a size of that right now because I don't want to -- I don't want people to know what assets we're looking at right now. So the -- effectively in two different markets, nothing crazy big. So don't think that certainly enough that the -- plenty that the cash could handle. So let me leave it there, if I can, so I don't get in trouble with Dan for purpose.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Yeah, no. That's good. That's helpful. Thanks.
Don Wood: Yup.
Operator: Our next question is with Ki Bin Kim. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. You already discussed some of the tenant demand you're seeing in the house broad-based. But I'm just curious, like high level, are you getting the types of tenants that you want, the credit quality that you want? And how high on the pedestal is merchandising mix in an environment like this when you have inventory to sell?
Don Wood: Ki Bin, it's -- I mean, that is the secret sauce of a business, right, our business, how we balance occupancy with merchandising mix with the credit of that particular tenant. So the way we look at it, first of all, gosh, you're never going to convince me that merchandising is not among the most important things to do in a retail environment. We all know that even after the pandemic, there's too much -- there' too many choices for places to shop out there. We've got to be the one of choice if we're going to have any possibility of pushing rents, which we want to do. And so what we're -- so just like the $75 million that we're spending on redevelopment projects, which are all about much more than new rooms and parking lots. These are about places to hang so that you can be there in the morning, at night or long-term periods or short-term periods to use this as part of your life. If you do that, then we -- the biggest part of that is getting the right tenants that let you have that type of lifestyle. What we've seen is great demand from a very wide variety of tenants like that. I think Jeff Berkes has talked about them. Now when you're talking about restaurants, is the credit great in a restaurant? No. Is the fact that 110,000 restaurants in the country went away during COVID a positive? Yes. Because supply/demand is reaching a much better balance in that very important category for the type of assets that we have. And I -- frankly, we're doubling down on restaurants. I love it. I love the idea of being the consolidator to have a place where those key gathering places have those choices. And when you go out and spend your time, I think you would agree. You may worry about who's going to fill a P.O. box if that business doesn't work three years from now, five years from now. But I think we've proven -- I think the country has proven that restaurants, outdoor dining is here to stay and effectively making -- we've got the places for that particular group. We also have the places, and we've been seeing it in terms of those digitally native brands that want only a few places to make sure that their brand is appropriately reflected. We've gotten more than our fair share of that, certainly at the Road property. So I think it's -- going back to where we started, there's a lot of -- it's not that there's a lot of choice, if you will, for any particular tenant. It is that the best tenants do seem to be coming, and we get a shot at them. And if we get a shot at them, we got a shot at creating the best place. And that's how we can push rents and create value. So from my perspective, very encouraged by what we've seen over the last nine months, frankly, in terms of our places and demand at our places.
Jeff Berkes: Ki Bin, it's Jeff. And just to kind of add on to what Don is saying. One thing, and we've discussed this on past calls I think. One thing that's different about this crisis than 2009-2010 and even if you dial back to the tech bubble bursting in Silicon Valley, right, when we're delivering first phase of Santana Row is there is a ridiculous amount of capital on the sidelines. And whether it's money to fund new restaurants or new restaurant concepts, it certainly wasn't around when we delivered Santana Row back in the day, which is why we had to invest in those restaurants ourselves. We're seeing this time just completely different availability of capital for new business and new business formation, particularly in the restaurant category. We're also seeing it in the fitness, and I would call it the healthcare and wellness segment, where we've seen a few new concepts come that are very well backed, very well financially backed. And a couple of fitness operators that didn't have legacy issues for whatever reason, that have invested a ridiculous amount of equity, capital in the fitness sector. And really a lot different from that perspective than prior downturns. So we're not relaxing our credit quality standards at all. And quite frankly, we haven't needed to.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for that. Very colorful answer. Just one quick one. Are there any changes to some of the leasing language that gives kind of more hours? Whether that be sales based?
Wendy Seher: So in terms of our contracts, I mean, it depends. So if we're talking about tenants that we have that have a proven history with us and strong sales and we see them as a key fundamental of the places and the environments that we want to continue to build upon with that foundation, we -- as Dan had said, we had mentioned that we can be creative, provided that it's going to benefit the tenant and that we're going to be able to share in that upside as well. As it relates to other tenants going forward, new coming in, It depends on the center and it depends on the concept. We sometimes don't mind, depending upon the capital allocation if it's very limited or 0 where we can make an opportunity for a tenant, they can try us, we can try them and see how that marriage works. And we maintain control over the shopping center. So that can oftentimes be a win-win. So it really depends. I'm sounding like I'm not answering you, but it really depends on the operator. And it also depends what we're seeing more today than we've seen in the past is if we had choices, right? If we have choices between two great operators, and that happens, it's happening more often than not now. So all those factors come into play as we continue to kind of emerge post-COVID.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is with Linda Tsai with Jeffries. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Tsai: Hi. Just to clarify, [indiscernible] prior period rents in 1Q, were those from both deferrals and cash basis tenants paying back?
Dan Guglielmone: It's cash basis and it's paying back.
Linda Tsai: Okay. Got it. And then so within guidance, there's some assumption, some level of that baked in as well?
Dan Guglielmone: Exactly. Exactly. So, a low range for the lower end, yes. And maybe we continue on. We've seen in the third, fourth and this quarter, reasonable prior period rent collections. We don't expect that to continue at the pace that we've had. We expect that certainly to burn off. And so we have different assumptions in there. But yes, we don't expect $8 million every quarter for the balance of the year. That should shrink to a much smaller number by the fourth quarter.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. And then your comment on Bala Cynwyd as the precursor to gauge demand for larger residential projects, how is progress at Bala Cynwyd versus expectations?
Don Wood: There in terms of -- so let me actually answer that, Linda, really the right way. Everything stopped in terms of demand between April of 2020 and November, December of 2020. So from that perspective, we're behind, as you would expect us to be. What I was talking about is now you look at this spring and what's happening there in February and March and April, better than we expected. So clearly, a trough and now, like the rest of the country, I guess, this renewed ability to come out and make decisions, including living decisions. And so we should be leased up fully there within the next few months.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Floris Van Dijukum with Compass Point. Please proceed with your question.
Floris Van Dijukum: Thanks guys for taking my question. I hope David Simon was listening to your comments earlier, Don, about productive real estate generating high rents. I think that's part of his spiel as well. Wanted to -- the talk -- ask about the past due rent collection, $8 million. It's an $0.11 impact this quarter. Obviously, you -- again, you've baked in some of that going down the road. Could you quantify all of the past due rents from existing tenants that you have in your portfolio? And how much potential there is of that, that you haven't collected.
Don Wood: Well, we've got a receivable of how big? About $80 million. We do not expect to put $80 million. But yes, that's what the receivable is -- the gross receivable. So I mean, it could be -- that's not in our forecast.
Floris Van Dijukum: Got it. It's just -- it's a portion of that, that you're -- a small portion. So it's like 20% of that? Is that sort of the ballpark of what I'm hearing? Is the right assumption for past due rents to be collected or is it higher?
Dan Guglielmone: No, it's -- I don't have that number kind of offhand. What I guess I could do is follow up with you off-line.
Floris Van Dijukum: Okay. Okay. And a follow-up question maybe. So obviously, the ATM issuance, I think you did $87 million during the quarter and some post the quarter. I think you mentioned on the call, $124 million in total. Maybe talk about the average price and maybe the implications for where your share price is relative to your NAV as well?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. Look, it was in my comments. We transacted -- sold stock at $105 million. $88 million of that was in the cash market, $36 million of that was in the [indiscernible]. And honestly, I think we're in and around kind of our estimate for NAV. Not too far off where kind of -- but hey, look, that's a moving target for us.
Don Wood: Hey, Floris, the one thing about us, I guess you probably -- I know you know about us, but I hope you appreciate that about us is that we try to do some every year. And effectively, obviously, we're not going to do it down at levels that are significantly dilutive. But in every year, as a REIT, we want to stay very active in acquisitions, development and property improvement plan. We want to stay very active at being able to lease to the best tenants. We want to stay very active in making sure that the dividend gets paid. This company believes in the future and a long-term future. And when you do that, you want to issue equity in modest amounts. But each year, in each period as you can. And so doing it at $105, I think we're worth more than that. I think you think we're worth more than that. I think everybody thinks we're worth more than that. But effectively, in being in that range to be able to utilize the ATM to create some level of equity inclusion, we think is prudent and is on balance, an important part of the overall capital plan.
Floris Van Dijukum: Thanks, Don. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is with Chris Lucas with Capital One Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Lucas: Hey, good evening everybody. Sorry for the long call, but I do have a couple of quick questions. Don, first, congratulations on Chesterbrook. Hard to find an asset that actually improves your demographics but you did it. And the other comment I would make is that, that could have used the Federal truck when I was in [indiscernible].
Don Wood: Exactly. That's why I think you should be really happy or you will be really happy when you see the growth that we generate from it. I think it's a low bar.
Chris Lucas: I would agree. The one thing that I did want to talk a little bit about is just on the apartment lease rate. Nice improvement since the fourth quarter. Just curious, was that just snapback in demand? Or would you have to do any significant incentivizing to drive that improved activity?
Don Wood: Significant incentivizing up in Boston. Very little activity at all in California, which is snapping back beautifully and the same here at Pike & Rose. In fact, the leader, by the way, among those three in terms of rent growth and -- or lack of rent ammunition is Pike & Roses.
Chris Lucas: Okay. And then, Dan, two quick ones for you. I'd be remiss if I didn't ask what these term fees were for the quarter.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. They were flat to last year. About $2.8 million in each of those first quarter of 2020 and first quarter '21. That was above what we had forecasted.
Chris Lucas: Right. I was going to say. So have you, in your guidance for this year, have you upped your expectations for lease term fees?
Dan Guglielmone: No. I mean, look, I think that we've got a range at the high end of the range. And at the low end of the range, it's kind of our average over the last 10, 15 years. So figure that. We won't -- we're not anticipating getting to $14 million in any of those cases.
Chris Lucas: Okay. And then last question for me. Can you kind of give us a little more color on sort of the ins and outs of what Splunk is? The sort of timing is Splunk sort of, I guess, lease fee versus -- or how they're making up the difference between sort of when that app starts paying you rent or however that work. Can you kind of go through some of the timing issues and what -- I'm assuming it's a net neutral, but just can you kind of walk through the timing of the transaction there?
Don Wood: You bet. Jeff, can you take that?
Jeff Berkes: Yes. Chris, I think Don said this in his opening comments, but we're made whole and there's no lapse in rent payment between when the Splunk stops and NetApp starts to made whole from that perspective.
Chris Lucas: So Jeff, I appreciate. Yeah, go.
Don Wood: So basically -- I was just going to say that basically, the make whole was in a cash payment effectively or NAS and that we had a straight-line receivable that we had to write off. So those things kind of netted effectively, but we added two years of term and a big number.
Chris Lucas: Okay. So that's the second quarter transaction, so less straight line, more cash. That's not a bad thing.
Don Wood: Say that one more time to make sure I got that.
Chris Lucas: So it's a second quarter event, right?
Don Wood: Yes. True.
Chris Lucas: Yes. And so -- but the net is you're less straight line but more cash, which is a good thing.
Don Wood: Yes, correct.
Jeff Berkes: Yes. And 2Q is correct.
Chris Lucas: Okay, thank you. That's all I had. I appreciate it.
Don Wood: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back to Leah Brady for closing remarks.
Leah Brady: Thanks everyone for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you at NAREIT and please reach out to the virtual meeting. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. It disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-12 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Federal Realty Investment Trust Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note that today's conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to Leah Brady. Leah, please go ahead.
Leah Brady: Hi, everyone. Thanks for joining us today for Federal Realty's fourth quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G, Jeff Berkes, Wendy Seher, Dawn Becker, and Melissa Solis. They'll be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. We do ask that given the number of participants that you limit your questions to one or two per person during the Q&A portion of the call, feel free to jump back in the queue, if you have additional questions. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin the discussion of our fourth quarter results. Don?
Don Wood: Thanks, Leah, and good evening, everyone. We closed out 2020 just about as we thought we would, with fourth quarter FFO per share of $1.14 and the total year at $4.52 or roughly 29% off 2019's record results. The fourth quarter and total year numbers exclude the debt prepayment charge that we took when early retiring our 22 bonds and as miserable as 2020 was, and it was pretty miserable we're very clear as to our priorities and can see our path forward. There is no doubt that the second wave of government shutdowns in our coastal markets that ramped up around Thanksgiving last year and largely continues through today, though there are at least some encouraging signs of some loosening of late, have and continue to hurt us in terms of rent collection and the likely business failures that will come from them. Yet despite that, our growth prospects are really strong when the following three things happen: one, vaccinations are delivered to a large segment of the population in our markets; number two, our coastal markets actually reopen; and number three, the consumer behavior reverts to uninhibited freedom and the spending that goes with it, behavior that we are supremely confident will happen. And while that's certainly not the environment that we're living through or operating in yet, the sheer volume of leasing and other transactions that we executed at the end of last year, 103 retail deals for 469,000 square feet, coupled with the strong leasing demand environment that is evident by the many substantive discussions we're having today and some very important management promotions and alignments that we'd just announced set us up extremely well for a strong post-COVID recovery as those conditions prevail. All right. So where do we go from here? Well, as previously announced the sale of Sunset Place and two other shopping centers in December effectively generated $170 million of proceeds in debt relief. We put out a press release in January that you should check out for more detail if you haven't seen it. Using that capital along with cash on the balance sheet, we repaid $500 million of senior unsecured notes, half of which were retired early, the result of which means that we have no public bonds maturing until June of 2023. So with little debt due in the next 2.5 years, along with nearly $800 million in cash remaining on the balance sheet and a completely untapped $1 billion credit facility, we've got something of a war chest on hand, should we find retail opportunities that fit our business model in 2021 and 2022. And make no mistake, we're actively looking, including in markets with hot job and income growth where we haven't looked before. A little more geographic diversity in our income stream carefully considered is an objective of ours. But today, with the trader's day  with a day trader's mentality rather, so prevalent in so many corners of the investor and analyst worlds, it's hard to look past short-term results, particularly those at higher multiple companies who are far from immune from the economically devastating effects of government imposed shutdowns, most notably seen in the heavily populated coastal markets. Heck, 85% of Federal's property operating income comes from California, Massachusetts, particularly Somerville, New York, New Jersey, metropolitan Philadelphia, Maryland, and Northern Virginia. These markets have the most restrictive government-imposed COVID laws in the country by far. And they make 2021 more uncertain than at some of our peers, nothing we can do about that. Serenity Prayer comes to mind every day that I grapple with that. But those restrictions sure don't diminish the quality of the real estate that we own in these first-ring suburbs of major metropolitan areas, nor the tenant demand for a spot in these properties in the future as evidenced by the leasing volume we're doing, along with the conversations we're having with many retailers about their future real estate plans. So here's an interesting fact, when you bifurcate our entire portfolio between the 75% or so of essential service type shopping centers that we own and the retail component of the 25% or so of our properties that are mixed use or lifestyle oriented, performance varies greatly as far as percentage of rent collected or percentage of operating income diminution from last year pre-COVID. Predictably, it's what you would think. The mixed use and lifestyle tenancy, heavy in restaurants, theaters, gyms, and the like has been disproportionately hurt by the shutdowns. There is no real news there. You all know that. But the irony is that those assets represent not only some of the best real estate that Federal Realty owns, but arguably some of the best, most desirable retail real estate in the country, that's not changing. So in a nutshell, 75% of our properties, the necessity based ones, are performing in line or arguably better than other necessity based REITS despite being in government restricted coastal markets. Think about that. In and of itself that's pretty impressive to us. The remaining 25% of our properties, the mixed-use and lifestyle ones have been disproportionately hurt because of their merchandise mix but represent our best most desirable real estate and therefore naturally have superior growth prospects, particularly from the beaten down levels they're currently performing at. That cash growth  cash flow growth formula feels like a winning one to us when vaccinations are delivered to a large segment of the population in our markets, when our coastal markets reopen and when consumer behavior reverts uninhibited freedom and the spending that goes with it. Everything we see suggests that it should be a strong 2022. We'll talk more about that in Dan's comments. And on a celebratory note, I hope you'll join me in congratulating Jeff Berkes and our other executives, who have been promoted effective with our Board meeting earlier this week. I hope you saw the press release that we just put out. Many of you have gotten to know Jeff over the years, and I'm sure he share my appreciation for his intelligence, for his real estate savvy without question for his unimpeachable integrity. Jeff and I have been close partners for over 20 years now. And this elevation in responsibility comes at a crucial time given the expected post-COVID retail real estate environment. We need to be as tight and productive as humanly possible. Now to head off the inevitable speculation, let me get it out there by saying that forming the position of Company President and Chief Operating Officer, shouldn't be construed to mean that I have plans of going anywhere anytime soon. I don't. But as I've continually talked about and acted upon, career development and succession planning are always top of mind at every level in our company. This new position is a great training ground. I'm sure there will be lots of questions following our prepared remarks. So I'll cut it short today, end mine there and turn it over to Dan for his comments on the quarter before we open the lines to your questions.
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you, Don, and hello, everyone. We are generally pleased with the progress we see in our portfolio as we closed out a difficult year. While all of our centers remain open, with 98% of our retail tenants open and operating in some capacity as of February 1. COVID-19 induced government restrictions continues to provide challenges to their businesses. We reported FFO per share of $1.14, up a couple of cents from third quarter. Now trying to assess what specifically is the direct negative impact of COVID-19 is difficult, but let me walk you through some of the drivers of our results during the quarter. On the positive side, we continue to see and be encouraged by the resiliency of our tenant base overall as collectability adjustments continued to shrink from $55 million in the second quarter to $29 million in the third quarter to just $19 million in the most recent. From a sequential perspective, this progress was offset by a number of items, many of which were one timers: $0.04 of impact from several non-recurring items hitting G&A, $0.03 of drag from higher property level expenses that were primarily seasonal in nature as well as $0.03 of headwinds due to the timing of fourth quarter debt capital transactions that we executed. As a result, headline progress versus the third quarter was muted. Year-over-year relative to the fourth quarter of 2019, we saw a direct negative net impact of COVID-19 for the quarter of $0.37 per share. Continued improvement over the second and third quarter's direct negative COVID impact of $0.83 and $0.48 respectively. Collections continue to improve on the 72% and 85% levels, previously reported for 2Q and 3Q respectively, and are now up to 89% for the fourth quarter, solid progress despite weakness in December and January due to the second wave of government mandated restrictions in place in the majority of our markets. As a reminder, our approach to reporting collections is very transparent, and in our view the appropriate approach. The denominator is comprised of all monthly billed base rent plus charges for CAM and real estate taxes and is not adjusted for deferrals and abatements. In our numerator, all deferrals and abatements are classified as uncollected. Also note that our denominator remained fairly consistent throughout 2020 at roughly $70 million to $71 million per month. During the fourth quarter, we continue to take a tactical approach as we negotiate and work with our tenants through this unprecedented impact on our businesses. $36 million of deferrals were executed in total for 2020. Of that amount, $22 million is with higher credit accrual basis tenants. Abatement agreements now totaled $37 million as additional rent concessions were provided as government restrictions impacted our tenants' ability to operate at full capacity. Abatements will continue in 2021, primarily the result of temporary percentage rent arrangements as we have made the decision to partner with many of our tenants to get to the other side of the pandemic together with the objective of longer-term benefits and stronger sustainable growth. As we did in the first six months of the pandemic, we took advantage of these negotiations to improve many qualitative lease provisions and exchange for that rent flexibility. Incremental percentage rent upside where we have abated rent, removal of development, parking and use restrictions, eliminating tenant lease termination and cotenancy right and the deletion of below market, tenant extension options all enhance the long-term value of our assets and exchange for these near-term concessions. Now following the surge of productivity during the third quarter, we had another solid quarter of leasing with almost 470,000 square feet of total retail deals and then add in 33,000 square feet of office leasing, bringing our total to over 0.5 million square feet of fourth quarter deals signed, combined with the third quarter that's over 1 million square feet of leasing to close out the second half of the year. We are also very encouraged by the level of activity in the leasing pipeline. As a result, our occupancy metrics have demonstrated surprising resiliency with our leased metrics standing at 92.2% at year end, flat versus the third quarter statistic, and our occupied metric remaining in the 90s at 90.2%. These levels are off 200 basis points and 230 basis points respectively versus year end 2019 levels. While we still expect continued pressure on our occupancy over the next few quarters and expect to dip into the upper 80s at the trough, as we have previously discussed, continued leasing activity at the volumes we achieved in the second half of 2020 will set us up for more pronounced growth in 2022. We continue to see strength from the same leasing demand drivers we've talked about on prior calls: first, urban and CBD tenants migrating to top-tier first-ring suburban assets; top-tier tenants upgrading their real estate to the best in market open-air locations; and third, new to market lifestyle and digitally native tenants targeting our best-in-class, open-air, mixed-use and lifestyle properties. As Don highlighted, while our lifestyle and mixed-use oriented assets have underperformed in the COVID environment, new demand from these best-in-class lifestyle tenants has been strong. As evidenced by lease yields and openings during the pandemic with brands such as Nike Live, Athleta, Sephora, Warby Parker, Room & Board, Serena & Lily Arc'teryx, Vuori, Lovesac, Faherty, Bluemercury, NIC and ZOE, Shake Shack, Sweetgreen, Levain Bakery, Salt & Straw and anchor restaurants such as Teleferic Barcelona, Nighthawk Pizza, Chika, Stellina, Spanish Diner and Planta with two openings, to name more than just a few, plus many more under negotiation. Needless to say, our best-in-class mixed-use and lifestyle real estate is poised for a significant rebound in 2022. Our residential portfolio has held up reasonably well during the pandemic with collection levels up towards 98%, the only exception being our 450 units at Assembly Row where the Montaje's felt some weakness as expected. Average comparable leased occupancy for our 2,700 comparable residential units stood at 95.1%, down only 60 basis points from year-end 2019. Our existing office portfolio has performed solidly during the pandemic as well with collections averaging 97% and occupancy remaining stable. As we've discussed previously, however, lease-up of office space in our development pipeline will be slower than we had expected pre-COVID as corporate decision-makers postpone space planning needs by at least a year to 18 months. That being said, preleasing at CocoWalk stands at 75%, with South Florida office demand remaining strong. At Assembly, PUMA is building out its new headquarters space in 55% of Block 5B on Grand Union Boulevard. And PUMA, at this point, plans to move all of their employees in this summer. Pike & Rose has 63% of 909 Rose Avenue is spoken for. One Santana West lease-up remains speculative, however, openings are not expected until 2022. Now to a quick discussion of the balance sheet and an update on our further enhanced liquidity position. The fourth quarter was an active one on the capital markets front. In early October, we raised $400 million of unsecured notes in a green bond. The second half of December, we repaid $500 million of unsecured notes. In December, we sold $170 million in assets that at a blended in-place yield inside of 4%. This left us with $800 million of cash available and an undrawn $1 billion credit facility, providing $1.8 billion of total liquidity at year-end with no bonds maturing until 2023. With our $1.2 billion in-process development pipeline continuing to be executed upon, we have just over $400 million left of that to spend.  As Don mentioned, we find ourselves today sitting with significant dry powder. And with Don's and my remarks today, we hope we have conveyed to you the optimism that we have for the future of our business and the strength of our portfolio to truly thrive on the other side of the pandemic. Our ability to generate outsized cash flow growth is fairly clear when, as Don said, vaccinations are delivered to a large segment of the population in our markets, those coastal markets reopen and consumer behavior reverts to uninhibited freedom and the spending. But the timing for those three things to occur is from clear and certainly not clear in 2021. As a result, for 2021, we are not providing formal guidance at this time. The best we can do for you, if you need a stake in the ground, is that it's roughly going to be flat to 2020 with the first quarter of 2021 at roughly $1 per share and build each quarter from there. We do ironically feel significantly more confident in providing an outlook for 2022 than we do for the current year. Based upon the leasing activity and demand we see for our real estate, the strength of our essential retail portfolio, the significant upside in our mixed-use and lifestyle retail assets, the resiliency and stability of our existing residential and office and the phasing in of POI from our $1.2 billion development pipeline in 2022, 2023 and into 2024, we expect 2022 FFO per share will be in the low $5 range, representing double-digit FFO growth year-over-year. So stay tuned. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question will be coming from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your questions.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey good evening. First, Jeff, congratulations. So awesome for you to get the new title, business cards and all the fun stuff. And then congrats to Barry and the rest of the folks who have gotten promotions. So two questions here. Don, just thinking big picture, you're not alone in traditional coastal REITs who are now exploring other markets, presumably down South, the Sun Belt. But it's interesting because, for the past two decades, there's been this whole coastal, coastal, coastal, and then suddenly with COVID, everyone's looking elsewhere. So my question is, is it really COVID or you guys have been thinking for several years now about expanding to new markets? Maybe they are down at the Sun Belt, but the COVID and what's happened was just sort of the catalyst, the expeditor. 
Don Wood: Yes. Alex, that's a great question. It really is. The  first of all, I don't want to  my comments to be construed as not being positive with respect to the coastal markets. At the end of the day, it's jobs and good paying jobs at that. And when you sit and you think about kind of where we are in those markets, in those first-tier suburbs, that looks really strong. Now when you go forward and you say, okay, where would you like to put incremental capital, it doesn't mean we still won't look in the markets that we're in that we know, but it does mean that, through COVID, it's pretty darn clear that there will be other job center growth places that were starting pre-COVID but, like almost everything, have accelerated as a result of it. So when you think about markets like Phoenix, when you think about markets more like Florida and what's happening in South Florida and a couple of others, I do think it would be wrong of us to not effectively understand the dynamics in them and to be able to act on it to the extent we get comfortable with the highest-quality stuff in those markets. You'll never see us going down quality, Alex, and that's a really important point.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second question is, it also seems like, recently, there's a lot of demand from entrepreneurs, people starting up, whether it's new restaurants or new concepts. And yet, at the same time, there's still tenants who are struggling, and I don't just mean like movie theater or gym but some others. So can you just sort of walk through what's happening? Why is it  or how is it that we're seeing these spurts of new tenants forming at the same time that you're still seeing a bunch of people struggle? It just seems to be this odd paradox. I just want to better understand it. Is it purely just the categories themselves, and that's it? Or are there other dynamics at work that are driving some of these new leases that you're seeing?
Don Wood: Well, first of all, there are certainly lots of dynamics. But one of the single most important things to remember is companies that are struggling at this point and continue to struggle on here, I cannot say enough about the impact of the government restrictions. I mean we're a business of contracts, and when the government steps in and effectively doesn't allow the contract to be performed  it's the weirdest time I've ever been involved in. So absent that, you do have new businesses being formed with new bases. So legacy costs of old businesses and having to be able to figure out how they're going to make money going forward with all those legacy costs is sometimes much harder than a new business coming in. If you take a look at what some  what's happening in the gym space, for example, you'll see new purchases of gyms  with packages of gyms at a fraction of the cost that you thought that, that gym company was worth 12 months ago. Now when you come in with a new low basis, you've got a completely different P&L, you've got a completely different business plan, different balance sheet and the ability to afford and to pay what you need to do to get in some of that high-quality real estate. So it's a natural cleansing that won't just be in 2021. This is a phenomenon that will take a number of years to work through. What you will see, the single biggest thing from my perspective, is businesses coming in with a lower cost basis to start versus their existing legacy competitors.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thank you, Don.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore. Please proceed with your questions.
Steve Sakwa : Thanks. Good afternoon, everybody. Don, I guess on the leasing, I was just wondering, if you could provide a little bit more color. I appreciate what you and Dan talked about in terms of the activity in Q3 and Q4. And I'm just curious, if the strength is concentrated by region, if it's concentrated more by product type or price point within the portfolio. Just trying to get a sense for maybe where you're seeing the greatest and then areas where you may be seeing less demand.
Don Wood: Well, let me start out this way, so on the call, Steve, Wendy Seher, who as you know, has the biggest part of our portfolio and a lot of that is essential based assets unless in some boxes and let her to speak to that. And then Berkes is also on the call. That can give you a much better idea on the mixed-use kind of stop, if you will in that. So, listen to those two and then I'll try to put it all together. Wendy?
Wendy Seher: Steve, thank you. On the Eastern Region, I've been looking at  as I've been looking at our pipeline, and if you look at our pipeline in January of this year versus January of last year before the pandemic happened we actually have more activity on the East and more in our pipeline and when I say pipeline, I mean, new deals. So, I'm very encouraged by what I'm seeing. I talk to retailers all the time and I continue to see interest in a flight to quality, they are  so when you think about it, its very logical, right? So, a lot of the retailers coming into 2021 maybe end of 2022, maybe they're going to make less new deals than they made before. So, the deals that they make are important from risk mitigation standpoint that they go for properties that they know and have a history of strong sales whether they're highly amenitized, whether the general essential properties, because I have both on the East Coast. They want to mitigate that risk. They want to make the right choice and where we're going to have the advantage is the history pre-COVID of a very strong sales, high quality real estate and people believe that, that high-quality real estate is not forever changed because of COVID. So I'm very encouraged by what I'm seeing.
Jeff Berkes: Yes, and Steve, I'd add on to that by saying it's really no different here on the West Coast, the demand is very broad-based, whether it'd be in our more traditional essential centers, including the Primestor portfolio, or Santana Row, or quite frankly, our other lifestyle mixed-use projects on the East Coast, which I've had some involvement in over the last couple of years as well. The list of tenants that Dan read off, that's from our entire lifestyle mixed-use portfolio, and all of those properties have active leasing and active negotiations going on right now. We've got two retailers under construction at Santana, third to start shortly, three restaurants under construction at the moment, we're about to sign a lease with a noteworthy operator out of San Francisco, that's doing their first restaurant outside of San Francisco. So, we're very encouraged by what we're seeing. And to key a little bit off of Alex's prior question, and thank you, Alex by the way for the congratulations. We're not necessarily in a financial crisis this time around. So there seems to be plenty of capital for some of these newer concepts to get capitalized. We're seeing that very specifically in the restaurant business right now. So there doesn't seem to be a shortage of capital. And like Wendy you said, everybody wants best real estate. So whether you're kind of new and somewhat starting up or you've been around for a while and you can open fewer stores now than you could a few years ago, a lot of focus on our real estate and it is very broad based.
Steve Sakwa : Great. Thanks. Good color. Maybe second question, Don. Just in terms of  it sounds like you've got a lot of capacity on the balance sheet. Just what are you seeing in the transaction market, what's happening in terms of distress? And how are you sort of weighing that against potential developments down the road when you're mixed-use assets that you've got Phase IIIs and IVs?
Don Wood: Yes, well, listen, first of all, the last part of your question first Steve. We got plenty of development to do. And so, first of all, Europe, you are years away in terms of development product coming online. Let me now take it to the acquisition side, so we learned a real good lesson in 2008, 2009, 2010. And Jeff and I were just talking about and lamenting about it last time. And that was, how is it, in the end of the great financial crisis or they are not going to be a ton of distressed assets for us to acquire? And there weren't. There weren't at all because great assets are often not distressed and not distressed in terms of price. And so it wasn't about us going down quality and earning a lot, getting a lot of stuff, which is kind of why at this point in time, we're looking for the best stuff around. There are people willing to talk to us about that, prices do seem to be firm but a little bit better than they were certainly a pre-COVID, but those prices are not cap rate prices, because what NOI are you capping as you look at it. They're really great real estate prices. And that's kind of how we're looking at potentially using some of that. I mean, the cash is on our balance sheet is insurance. The reason there's so much of it is insurance. That's why we did it that way. We believe going forward given what we just told you we need less insurance. And so accordingly, I don't have a day treasure trove of transactional information on deals that have just happened that we can really talk to you about in terms of where we're trying to go, but suffice it to say, we do believe we will find some opportunities in the markets we want to begin including our existing markets and one or two new ones that effectively let us get deals done in a way that will be accretive now and certainly accretive the value with more development opportunities associated with them going forward.
Steve Sakwa : Great. Thanks. That's it for me.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Derek Johnston : Hi, everyone. Good evening. Thank you. How have development yield expectations changed for the current projects or even the entitled projects? Can we get an update on some of the key inputs like land prices, maybe construction, labor, materials and of course, importantly rents? So, do you expect a compression in yield, if 100 to 125 basis points possibly?
Don Wood: Derek, we don't see it as that much. There will be some compression. And I think if you look at the 8-K that we put out. We did get more conservative on a couple of those assumptions. There's still a lot to figure out yet. And again, it depends on the product. It's certainly hard to figure out on the office side today, but it's not in construction costs. It's certainly in holding period, so your carry  you can certainly expect it to add to a longer period of time. It's most likely in build out costs, from a TI perspective, if you will, for more office space there. And then in terms of rents, man, I got to tell you, it's  it's anybody's guess to some extent, but our office and residential development, which is most of what our development is, our all-in mixed-use properties that are well established and effectively are the best product that is available coming out of COVID. So you shouldn't expect us drop in rents in any significant way because I don't think we'll need to do that. There may be some  there'll be some extra carry cost associated with it maybe a little bit more TI, but everything we still see, it says that the developments that we are completing will be accretive to value and accretive to earnings.
Derek Johnston: Okay. Thank you. That's pretty helpful. Just I guess changing from office over to maybe the watch list, like how does it stand today post the pandemic, to me. I mean, it seems like a lot of companies previously on watch list have gone dark. So the question is, is the watch list pretty washed out at this point? And if so, are we  a couple of quarters away maybe third or fourth quarter of this year of trough occupancy and then of course, growing albeit from a lower base?
Don Wood: Let me go first then anybody else who has got a perspective please add into this here. But I do think there is truth to the way you phrase that question, with a couple of exceptions. And the biggest exception really is, in terms of small business and when you look at small shop and small business and I could not tell you, you'll never talk to anybody more frustrated than I am, with respect to some of the restrictions that are extremely severe on our properties, it's not only restaurants, it's other users also from government entities. And so to the extent that I don't know when they'll be lifted. I don't know when  how long those businesses can last, I suspect stimulus is coming soon, but it's February, whatever it is 11 or something. And we've been talking about it for months and months and months. So on the small business side, those are the people who are being hurt the most and that's different than the big companies that are national chains. But frankly, we make our money on the small businesses that effectively turnover become successful and can pay more rent. So I do see that being a very positive catalyst as we looked out going forward. I just don't think it's right now. And that's where, maybe it's a good time for me to say what I say the silly thing that we put out there today and that is, in all my years I've never been able to say that I'm more comfortable with a forecast, with a view to the future, one year out, then I am today. But I'm which is why we're not giving 2021 guidance, which is why we're effectively talking about 2022 with more specificity. That's kind of crazy in my history of kind of doing this job, but it is the way it is today. And so we thought we'd get out there and try to get both the sell-side and the buy side to realistically start looking at least from Federal Realty's perspective as it  at our growth profile, which  so us inside to our Board of Directors looks extremely positive but certainly not in February of 2021.
Don Wood: Good start, Don. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Greg McGinniss: Hi. This is Greg McGinniss on with Nick. Dan, I just wanted to confirm your comment on the  not actually guidance numbers. Did you say around $1 flat for Q1 2021. It seems like a fairly significant drop versus Q4. So just wanted to get some clarity there?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. No, I think that's fair. You heard me right, roughly $1. I think that, look, the government restrictions that second wave that came on in December is impacted kind of our momentum on collections and so forth. And we expect to impact our business of our tenants in the first quarter.
Don Wood: Heck, Nick, I just gave this whole big impassioned speech about 2022, and you took me back to February of 2021. Go ahead.
Dan Guglielmone: But yes, so I think we will likely take a bit of a step backwards, but I think you can build off of that and get back to where we. Look, we don't have a lot of visibility and that's why we're not providing guidance on 2021.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. That's fair. I'll let you be a little more impassioned about 2022 here on the next question. So rent collection right now is trending near the bottom of the peer group, which as you mentioned, it's kind of a product of portfolio geography. But as we have the vaccine gets disseminated and restrictions are lifted. Is there any reason that by the end of the year rent collection shouldn't be in line with everyone else?
Don Wood: Assuming those three things that I talked about, no, but again, if you kind of go back to the conversation, right, 75% of the company's right there now, right. Go back to the comments I'm making, so understand that. Certainly, the same thing or better with respect to the residential and the office, so it leaves the retail of 25% of the company, which is the mixed-use and lifestyle stuff, that is really dependent upon stuff that is out of our control. And so as an investor, and investor is going to decide whether you believe in that real estate that growth is coming or not, dependent not on me, but depending on what he believes about vaccinations, what he believes about opening from government restrictions and what he believe about the consumer. So that's kind of where I would leave it.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. Our essential-based assets basically, are at or better than our peers, 92% collection levels, only down  basically at about 92%, 93% of last year's numbers, they have performed as well in worse and more restricted markets. So we feel as though their performance is at or as good as anyone out there and it's really the lifestyle mixed use where we were felt that impact.
Greg McGinniss: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Bilerman: Hi. It's me. I want to come back to the guidance as much as you don't want to talk about guidance.
Don Wood: Who is this?
Michael Bilerman: Who is this? This is Mike Bilerman, Don Wood.
Don Wood: Who says, it's me? It's  I mean, we're not on Zoom.
Dan Guglielmone: Hi, Michael.
Michael Bilerman: Well, he said my name. I guess, I'm having a real hard time trying to put your pieces together because you sound, Don confident and you can make assumptions for what things could be this year. You don't have that much of a complicated business, your balance sheet is in good shape. You've locked all these things the way you have confidence on the leasing front. I guess, I'd like you guys to be a little bit more specific, you have almost $11 million FFO drop that you're communicating between the quarter that just ended, and we're a month and a half into the first quarter. Can you detail if there were things in the fourth quarter that are not recurring that would cause that variance. What else is happening to drop from $1.14 to $1? And then I get it, what you're saying, Don, like you have more confidence in 2022, a lot of 2022 is the  there is where you're coming from in 2021. And you're embarking on a $5 number that's almost $40 million of NOI of FFO. What are the components of that? How much of it is NOI? How much of its investment? How much is development? How much is the G&A? How much of its interest expense? Give us the pieces that give you the confidence to get there?
Dan Guglielmone: Michael, Michael.
Michael Bilerman: Yes.
Dan Guglielmone: Michael, we're not providing formal guidance, okay. We provided  typically on our November call, we provide preliminary goalposts, okay, where we don't provide any assumptions behind it. Even today, we have provided a goalpost, okay, for 2021, that's what we provided to you, we're not providing assumptions. I think in light of COVID, I think that we're comfortable providing what we are providing and the assumptions will hopefully come at some point, later this year in 2021, when we have better clarity on kind of the environment and when those things are going to happen that will allow us to have the visibility to provide the level of detail and assumptions that you're asking for.
Don Wood: You know Mike, its  let me just add  just say something to Dan, when you  what I don't want to do is go down the rabbit hole, you want me to go. And let me be very specific about that, when you go line item by line item, as you do you put a specific amount of exactness or credibility or false understanding. That's actually what's going to happen. We don't know that, Mike. When you break  you know the components of this business, you know the development that is under way that we give updates on every single call. The amount of rent that we're collecting effectively we just broke it out between 75% of the company, the essential component and the lifestyle component of the company. The notion of how we grow earnings and what we've been able to do, it's definitely a question for an investor to decide, do you believe in this business plan to be able to get there. But if I do it your way, Mike. What I'm winding up with are billions of questions on individual line by line item that suggests that they are more accurate than we are able to provide at this point. So we're not going to do that.
Michael Bilerman: I respect that, Don, but at the same time, every one of your competitors is taking their best shot at numbers. And the reality if I feel like...
Don Wood: That's up to them, Mike. That's up to them.
Michael Bilerman: But you put out like my view is, you just  you teased people by saying we're going to get to $5 in 2022 and it's going to be a $1 in the first quarter 2021 without giving the contact of how you get there, right. I rather talk about how you're going to get there, then...
Don Wood: I disagree. I think we've been giving you tons of context on it, Mike. I think we've given you tons of context, to the extent, it's not enough, then certainly by another stock or recommend another stock. It's what's been happening anyway. But when you sit and you think about the quality of this real estate and where it's going, I think our investors understand, how we're going to get there because everybody including you has a model and can certainly figure out and make assumptions in that model, in terms of how that would happen, it's not so crazy to do, take some work, but it's not so crazy to do.
Michael Bilerman: We can and we know where The Street is. The Street's at $1.14 for the first quarter, you did $1.14 this quarter. And you're saying its $1. All I'm asking is that in a narrowly focused way.
Dan Guglielmone: Michael, on that, the assumptions  broad assumptions behind the $1 relative to the $1.14 in the fourth quarter, we've started collections in January are down and behind December's collections. December collections were a little bit weaker. We have $3.5 million of term fees in the fourth quarter, another strong year of term fees, we're not projecting that. Our occupancy is projected to go down in the first quarter. Like I had indicated, we expected to head into the 80s. Percentage rent is down and plus we sold a number of assets and we're sitting with significant cash on the balance sheet, relative to where we're putting those proceeds to work immediately. We're building capacity and financial capacity and flexibility when it will be dilutive in the quarter, before we deploy that cash. That is the rough roadmap from $1.14 for roughly a $1.
Michael Bilerman: That's what I'd like, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Thanks for the time. I enjoyed listening to that prior exchange. Just on the acquisition front, I was curious on the target of assets you're looking at, if it's more the essential grocery anchored type of assets or more the lifestyle mixed-use type of assets and if those assets that you're looking at to acquire are more stabilized, or maybe redevelopment opportunities where you could see some value. So just curious on kind of the target of what you're looking at and maybe any sense of how you're looking to remix or reshape the portfolio as part of that discussion?
Don Wood: Yes, that's a fair question. We  I hope with a little bit of luck, you see both and because to us and this is kind of the way it's  we really believe it's not about a particular format or a particular type of shopping center. It's about the growth prospects. And if we think the growth prospects are in a more stabilized asset that has rent upside because it should be remerchandised and kind of  I don't want to say federalized, but federalized effectively then we like that a lot. If it's one that's been mishandled, mismanaged and could be redeveloped and maybe there's some vertical investment there, we like that too, it depends. So the first thing we're aiming for is the right markets with the right barriers to entry with the right demographics, so that we can get comfortable and job growth, so that we can get comfortable that we've got a pretty good chance with doing what we do of creating overall higher sales from the tenants and higher rents therefore. So you will see, I hope you'll see, I mean, who knows what gets done, what can't get done. But we're looking at both opportunities for mixed-use development with some kind of stabilize piece there first and then a development down the road and a more stabilized asset where we think there is some rent growth possibilities and other ways to create value. I hope that's helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Schmidt: Great. First, I just want to congratulate Jeff and Jan and the others that got promotions. So congratulations.
Jeff Berkes: Thanks.
Craig Schmidt: I wanted to discuss  talk about occupancy and where it might trough. I'm assuming that the fourth to first quarter includes the seasonality that would usually come with a lower occupancy number. But it seems like there may be an impact from the second wave of government-mandated closings which could also weigh on the occupancy number maybe extending into the second quarter. I just wondered if you had any thoughts on that.
Don Wood: Craig, it's  that's right. And first of all, the first point is exactly right. The first quarter is seasonally always the toughest for our business. But the other point, again, kind of back to the small business comment. And yes, the longer the government closures are mandated, the harder it is for those small businesses to continue because they're depleting resources day by day as it goes through here. So while I don't have an exact number, I cannot give you a line for the model with respect to how many businesses go out and what that means to the overall occupancy perspective. It is reasonable to assume that there'll be a hit. I don't think you want to put a number out there at all of what it is, but we always thought, frankly for a year now, which I think is pretty cool  we thought that our first quarter and maybe into the second quarter, we'll see, we'll be in the high 80s. Certainly on the small shop space, it will be. The anchors are hanging real tough.
Craig Schmidt: Great. And then I just  what are the retailers telling you about your assets? I mean they're definitely unique. What are the ones saying to you that are kind of struggling to get by and get to the other side of COVID? And what are the new tenants saying about your properties?
Don Wood: Wendy, can I hand that to you?
Wendy Seher: Yes. I think that, in terms of the existing tenants that we have there in our centers, what they love about the  so two things. Let me back up. When we have restaurants, for example, that have multiple locations, what we're seeing is, because of our highly amenitized projects and our focus on not only the curbside pickup and outdoor dining and a controlled environment that we can help with, we are  they are focusing more on getting up and operating in our centers versus other choices that they may have. So from the existing tenant standpoint, we were seeing, frankly, a big uptick in the restaurant until we had that second wave of shutdowns again. So our highly amenitized projects where we can influence what's happening to help their businesses has been critical. On new tenants coming in, what we're seeing  and one of the things that I want to mention is we have ability to have like a reset button, right? So the retailers are going, hey, I have the ability to look potentially at some other opportunities that I never could get into before because, historically, we've never had the vacancy where now we have some opportunities. On the flip side, and I don't want to lose this point, is that we're  Federal Realty having the ability to reset as well and look at how we want to upgrade our real estate. So we're  when I was saying that we have a  we have a disproportionate activity on those higher-end lifestyle projects from a new deal standpoint, which shows the strength of, oh my gosh, we now have vacancy in these centers that we never had vacancy in before, and we have a host of relevant tenants that want to get in an opportunity in these centers. So it's been positive.
Jeff Berkes: Yes. I'd tag onto that, Craig, by saying I think this is true coming out of the GFC as well. It's never been more important to be a good landlord, and the good tenants know that. And by that, I mean somebody that's going to invest in the property, somebody that's going to be there to pay the leasing commission and the tenant improvement, check when it's due, somebody that is going to continue to operate and invest in the asset and merchandise it the way that particular retailer needs it to be merchandised and managed to maximize their business. That's never been more important. And not having a secured loan or lender to deal with dictates some of those decisions. The savvy tenants are very aware of all that, and I think all of that plays to our strength.
Craig Schmidt: Great. Thank you for that.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Mueller with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Mike Mueller: Yes. Hi. First of all, quick clarification, when you talked about occupancy going into the high '80s, were you talking about the 92% lease level or the 90% occupied level?
Don Wood: The 90% occupied level.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay. And then for the new restaurant deals we're talking about is a primarily sitdown full service? And I guess, where do you see the dining mix going a couple of years down the road versus where it was pre-pandemic?
Don Wood: Yes. It's interesting. So we are doing, we're all over the place on the restaurant alternatives that we like to offer in any particular property. One of the things that we're really doing a bunch of is trying to reconfigure outdoor space and create more of it. We're using as part of our property improvement plans as part of the stuff that we're doing, we're using more pergola. We're using more furniture in areas and landscaping to create those places, which restaurants are asking for. And what  maybe we put you in touch, Mike, it's a long complicated answer actually, to kind of the business plans of new food uses  but put you in touch with like Stu Biel in our shop, who has got the  has got a lot of these type of properties. And so while the quick service stuff that we're still doing and we'll continue to do is pretty much as it was. But again, even there looking for outside seating wherever possible, any other common areas are specific to them. It is also the sitdown restaurants. And the sitdown restaurants that have the ability to be inside, outside. I see that not to the extent it is today, but some piece of that is that comfort with eating outside to continue. That was happening in a bigger way for us pre-COVID and like everything else was accelerated through the COVID process. So big variety, in terms of what's going on, but definitely more of a focus on outside.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Don Wood: You bet, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Lucas with Capital One Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Chris Lucas: Hey. Good afternoon, everybody. Hey, Don. Just a simple question, Board has been committed to the dividend through this whole process looks like so they're going to continue to be  do you have a sense as to when you might be able to cover the dividend with just pure operating cash flow?
Don Wood: Yes. Hopefully by the second part of 2022 we'd be there and then all of 2023.
Chris Lucas: Okay. Thank you. That's all I had.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Linda Tsai: Hi. For these younger retailers seeking space what parameters do they have in terms of occupancy costs? Is it different from legacy retailers and what flexibility do you provide to help them in their path to sustainable growth?
Don Wood: Well, what we're doing Linda to start is a lot of these deals have a low fixed rent and a hard percentage to effectively figure out the question, that you're asking because, while there are lower bases going in, the question of how much volume they're going to be able to do and where their price points are going to be able to be two years from now are different than what they will be in the first 12 months when they open up. So I love your question and I spend a lot of time thinking about them, talking about how those business models are going to work. And the bottom line is, there is uncertainty with it. And so in sharing that risk with them from a percentage rent basis, but to the extent they work being able to actually earn more rent than we used to earn is our objective. Whether we get there or not will depend upon the first 12 months to 18 months of the openings of our restaurant like that.
Linda Tsai: That makes sense. And then, the 4Q blended leasing spread of plus 1% versus minus 1% in 3Q is an improvement, but not where you want to be. In the vein of expecting clarity next year, what sort of average blended leasing spreads are possible in 2022?
Don Wood: Yes. That's a good question. I hope to be in the high-single digits at that point. And again with us always it will depend upon the mix of a big deal here versus smaller deals, etc. But  and that's where I hope to be. Also the one thing about what I did you say on the restaurant side, every deal we do, there is a landlord right to terminate after two or three years depending on sales level. So we're kind of going in this with you, but you don't have 10 years to figure it out, you know what I mean. So it's a pretty good balance, if you will, of sharing the risk.
Linda Tsai: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paulina Rojas-Schmidt with Green Street. Please proceed with your questions.
Paulina Rojas-Schmidt: Hello. And as you think about expanding your geographic footprint, how would you describe your appetite for lifestyle centers, community centers or even power centers? I think you have mostly talked about lifestyle centers, but I wanted to have a general idea if you have at all thought of all the other property types.
Don Wood: Yes. Well, what we should do and I think you're new to the retail side of Green Street is covering or no? But I'd like to spend more time with you offline to kind of go through what our business plan, because we are pretty agnostic, if you will, in terms of the retail format for everything from community-based, grocery-anchored shopping centers to more of a power center, to more of the lifestyle center and obviously the mixed-use component. So really what we're open to, is and we're real estate people first and foremost. And so looking at the format of the center is not the first thing we're looking at because we're open to all of it. The first thing we're looking at is the ability with that piece of land and that shopping environment that they have for us to be able to create value, either through raising rents or through redevelopment or even then further going vertical.
Paulina Rojas-Schmidt: That makes sense. And then, do you give any credit at all to the idea that the rise of work from home will facilitate Americans migration from expensive cities to more affordable cities, potentially harming the margin, cities like San Jose in California, and some of their assets? Or do you think that you will not  suffer at all from these potential trend?
Don Wood: No. I very much believe in those trends, we will change the office environment dramatically in the country. I do  I think the most important thing is the product you have wherever that product is, is the best in the market. There is always going to be demand in the market that which we do business and certainly or all this, its just better be what employers want and if you kind of look at where our office product is in terms of the mixed-use community that we are in with being fully amenitized, with being brand-new buildings, which is really important with respect to air and HVAC movement, etc. I think we're in the right places with the right product; and so office is not generic and that's what has to be viewed very carefully post-COVID.
Paulina Rojas-Schmidt: Okay. So you believe in the trend, but your assets will be okay?
Don Wood: Yes. That's our  yes, that's our business plan because that's what we believe.
Paulina Rojas-Schmidt: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please proceed with your questions.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks for taking the questions. And I'll be brief, by the way, Jeff, congrats on the promotion. It's great. Yes. Don, I know I sense a little bit of frustration on your part about these questions about guidance, et cetera and you do have a pretty big development pipeline that should produce, I'll call it $60 million of NOI over the next couple of years, have you, I mean you have done it in the past but how about putting out an NOI bridge three years, hence or something like that to get people more comfortable? Is that something that you would consider doing?
Don Wood: Certainly, take it under consideration Floris. And just to respond to the frustration. The frustration is with the bullying of the line-by-line, this is what you should do, you're right. I don't take that well at all. Because we're running the company, the best way we can communicating the best way that we can and certainly, we'll take suggestions, but we won't be bullying.
Floris Van Dijkum: And then maybe a follow-up, a little bit about some of the newer markets, I mean aren't you already in one of those markets that is seeing some heady growth as people go to warmer climates? I'm particularly referring to Miami, and do you see  I know you just walk away from an asset there or you sold an asset, but do you see yourself reupping in that markets over the next 12 months to 24 months?
Don Wood: Very possibly, Floris. Yes. No, look, we made a bad deal with that one. But that doesn't change the fact that job growth, migration, business friendly, environment could be good for us going forward. I think you're going to love CocoWalk when you see that completed. I know you love Tower Shops which is completed. Those are going to be two of our best assets in the company. So, yes, you bet you we're open to more.
Floris Van Dijkum: Great. Thanks. That's it for me, guys.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. Now, I'll turn the call over to Leah Brady for closing remarks.
Leah Brady: Thanks for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you over the coming weeks. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Leah Brady. You may begin.
Leah Brady: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realtys third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G, Jeff Berkes, Wendy Seher, Dawn Becker, and Melissa Solis. Theyll be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realtys future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from information in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. Given the number of participants on the call, we do kindly ask that you limit your questions to one or two per person during the Q&A portion of our call. If you have an additional questions, feel free to jump back in the queue. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin the discussion of our third quarter results. Don?
Don Wood: Thank you, Leah. Good morning, everyone. FFO per share of $1.12 in the quarter was right about where we thought it would be. And we're pretty miserable compared to the pre-COVID task. Pretty good when you consider the progress we made over the second quarter. And this important that our full third of our tenants are now on a cash base, and therefore get no benefit from unpaid accrued rent or straight-line rents. As an interesting point to reference, the last time Federal Realty was routinely putting up quarterly FFO in the dollar teams was back in 2013 when the stock was trading at or above $100 a share. And while our two and three-year growth prospects back then were pretty good, they were no where near as good as they are from today's quarterly level moving forward. Let me explain why I think that's the case. Firstly, we solidify the monthly collection rent as a percentage of the total rent. Collected 84% of July billings, 85% of August, 86% of September, and so far 85% of October. November has started off solid too. Later, in all months we had expected at this point. And importantly, we're fast approaching sufficient cash generation under our dividend completely out of operating cash flow. Secondly, we're tracking lots of leasing interest in our properties as exemplified by the volume that we did in the quarter and even more so, based on the high volume of tenant conversation we're having that will likely result in deals to come on occupancy troughs. We believe we'll be in the first half of 2021. And thirdly, the lease up of our development pipeline in five major markets will be added fuel to the core portfolio lease up for which we're already seeing strong demand. Of course, there's plenty of uncertainty that remains. There's a lot of wood left to chop in the execution of this growth plan, especially in new development lease up. But the initial sign toward successful path are clear. That's a 50,000 [Indiscernible]. Let's give a bit more granular. So, the hard the operational stress in our tenant base lies with the futures of few business categories. As we all know, the theatre and gym business remain question marks as we do some percentages sit down restaurants and full price apparel. Everyone of these companies management teams are searching and modifying their business plans to some extend as final way to survey, thrive and not only today's but in tomorrow's world, whatever the maybe. Obviously, the Jury is still left. But in our case most of our tenants in these categories at our locations where strong performance coming into COVID. Therefore, on some percentage of these business inevitably fail on the coming months, then previously profitable and proven locations or either be in demand to successfully restructured by them or will be in demand by subsequent owners as they transition. The power of strong real estate and that's we're seeing already. Short term disruption per sure, but proven desirable real estate nonetheless. Let me give you a couple of examples. No fewer than seven, COVID restaurant deals from well-known Downtown Washington D.C. restaurants tours has been signed or a far down the roads either move or at another location in the Bethesda Row, Rose at Shirlington, Pike & Rose or Pentagon Row. And in several health club locations in places like Hoboken and New Jersey and others we've received unsolicited offers from healthy arrivals; Arlington, the real estate location. These are interesting times for sure and we're encouraged by the demand we're seeing from our space. Let's talk about that. I hope that the volume of new and renewed leases that we did in the quarter is encouraging to you that to us. 98 comparable deals was more than double the second quarter, and that took a normal quarterly run rate. 472,000 square feet was more than 70% higher than the second quarter. But you say, the new rent on those deals was basically flat with the old rent, actually down 1%. Well, of course it was. As a function of our negotiating and leasing philosophy and leverage in the middle of COVID. But note the average term, 5.6 years versus the normal average of roughly eight years or 30% shorter on average. Basically, we're trying to lock in strong financially desirable deals for longer term than usual, and limiting term on deals where we're trying to bridge a tenant to the other side of COVID to two or three years. But in all cases, we want the most desirable retailers and restaurants at our shopping destinations. The right tenancy is the single most important factor in attracting new class leading retailers and restaurants to fill inevitable vacancy. Why? Because retailers and restaurants considering new locations today, wants to know who their neighboring tenants will be, and how well leased up the center will be over the term of their lease. Providing clarity relating to that tendency is paramount. Here's the big point. COVID has accelerated everything. The consolidation of retail to the best centers in the trade area that began pre-COVID as and will continue to accelerate during and after COVID. If you believe that as I do, then you know how important it is to have the best-in-class tenants and not just any tenant in those centers. Accordingly, as we've said, since our first quarter call, we're willing to structure deals with those successful and important retailers and restaurants, allowing them contractual flexibility so that they remain the attraction for new class leading tenancy on the other side of COVID. That means, some deferrals, some abatements, some percentage rent deals that convert to the old rent with time or unnatural break points, et cetera. All negotiated one-on-one based on a tenant importance to the center and their financial viability. Dan will provide more details on this in a few minutes. So let me move to our construction in progress where the completed lease up timing of the office portion of our large mixed use developments is less clear than the retail or residential components because of the pandemic. While the 375,000 square foot Santana West office building is in the earlier stages of construction, and won't be ready for occupancy until 2022. The 212,000 square foot Pike and Rose office building is complete today. 45,000 square feet serves as Federal Realty's new headquarters, Benefits Advisor one digital took most of another floor and moves in next week. We just signed a deal with co-working leader industrious [ph] for two full floors or 40,000 square feet, leaving about 110,000 square feet released. And Assembly Row where PUMA will anchor that 275,000 square foot office building beginning in late 2021, 110,000 remains the business. And while the long term impact of the pandemic's work from home mandates present uncertainly in office leasing, and so timing, it's hard to predict. There's clearly a growing sentiment as the necessity of in-office collaboration for most business plans. And our view we have the best and most desirable product in the market. Come see for yourself at our new headquarters at Pike and Rose. All of these new buildings are expected to achieve legal status. Their state-of-the-art buildings with enhanced clean air system in affluent suburban communities, most the job centers and have both access to public transportation, but are also drivable with convenient parking. Most importantly, they're integrated in only magnetize mixed use environments that business leaders say is essential. So what else gives us confidence to continue to operate as we have? Frankly, it all comes down to our convictions, not only in that first ring suburban location of our real estate, the sweet spot in our view, but also in the dominant open air heavily amenitized product type and environment that we've created in those locations over the last decade or more. Evidence of the desirability of those first ring suburbs comes not only from our leasing volumes and relocation and expansion of downtown central business district retailers and restaurants or properties, but also from single family home sales data. In the third quarter, U.S. home sales volume was up 12% were in the Repin's residential database, yet the number of homes sold in Bethesda, Maryland were up 26%. Falls Church, Virginia, up 18%, Falconwood, Pennsylvania up 38%, Downers Grove Illinois up 39%, Los Gatos, California up 60%. All first tier suburbs that are home to big Federal properties. It really feels like this migratory trend from downtown CBDs to first year suburbs is going to stick for one. Of all the things that worry me as a result of this pandemic and there are plenty, filling that space with great retailers and restaurants and good economics that provide future growth is not one of them. I know that our properties positioning in those first ring suburbs major metropolitan areas will be more desirable post-COVID. I know that the decades of focus on creating comfortable and attractive open air places at those centers will further enhance their ability. Consider that nearly every discussion we've had or are having with brokers and prospective tenants in every major market that we do business, the prospective deal is premised around tenants proving the real estate, they are location, they're co tenants, their environment, and importantly, they are landlord. Tenants want to be with landlords that have money, investable, financial wherewithal, vision, execution privies and a pedigree of partnership with. Long term customer friendly service improvements, like a coordinated customer pickup program matter today a lot. All of these considerations are more important now and will certainly be on the other side of this than ever before. And we're set up for that. And before I turn it over to Dan, let me address onset place impairment loss that we recorded this quarter. It's no secret that we've struggled realizing our vision of a redeveloped mixed use community as we bought it back in 2015. First, the fits and starts with the entitlement process with city resulted in precious time loss securing existing tenants and setting up new ones in a strong retail market of 2015, 2016 and 2017. By the time those entitlements received we'll received box rents where under more pressure, construction costs continue to rise, skidding down value creation estimates. But even with all that, we were hopeful that we had a viable project with some reconfiguration of the masterplan. Then came COVID. The previous strength of the anchor system, a full size gym and LA Fitness, a big AMC theater, and to large entertainment tenants name Splitsville and game time, along with the required hotel component, as part of the intensified site became obvious weaknesses that are likely to continue to remain so for some time. Accordingly, our partnership didn't pay at maturity our $60 million non recourse note in September, and the lender has declared default. Given the other opportunities within our existing portfolio to invest capital, we've decided not to pursue redevelopment any longer there. Accordingly, we're evaluating all of our disposition options. Okay. That's about all I have for my prepared comments. Let me turn it over to Dan, for some final remarks. And we'll be happy to entertain your questions after that.
Dan G: Thank you, Don. Morning, everyone. We are very encouraged by the progress and constructiveness we saw on our business over the course of the third. All of our centers remain open. They have throughout pandemic and over 97% of our tenants are open and operating. FFO per share per for the quarter through eight sequential progress over second quarters number of 45% to $1.12 per year. I'll still welcome 2019 third quarter levels, you're encouraged by the progress as our collectability adjustment was almost cut in half from $55 million in 2Q to $29 million in the third quarter. Other drivers which impacted the quarter include $0.07 of drag due to the higher interest expense given the incremental liquidity and balance sheet strength we are carrying during the pandemic. On the other side of the pandemic, we expect this drag to be non-recurring. Collections of drag due to the impact of COVID-19 on our hotel joint ventures, parking revenues and percentage rent. And this was offset by $0.03 of upside from lower expenses at the corporate level. As a result, this totals a net $0.48 of COVID-19 related negative impacts of the third quarter, a meaningful improvement over 2Qs negative COVID impact of $0.83. Collections continue to improve from the 68% level recorded on our second quarter call, up to 85% for this call for the third quarter as of October 30. I think our uncollected rent by more than half. Progress continues in October, with 80% already collected. But ahead of the September collection page and September 30. Please note that the denominator for our collection metric includes all monthly recurring rent bills and base rent charges for cam and real estate taxes and is not adjusted for deferrals and abatements. As it relates to the numerator, all deferrals and abatements are classified as uncollected. Also knows that the denominator has remained fairly consistent throughout the first nine months of the year at roughly $70 million to $71 million per month. We have continued to take a tactical approach as we negotiate and work with our tenants through this challenging period $34 million of referrals were executed in total for the second quarter and third quarter combined, of that amount, almost two-thirds or $22 million with higher credit pool basis tenants. With selected agreements, and through our anchor restaurant program, we also upgraded $21 million of second and third quarter rents. In conjunction with all of these negotiations, we have restructured many of these deals to often include one or more of the following; enhanced credits of the guarantors backing the leases, incremental percentage rent upside where we have abated rent, removal of development, parking and use restrictions and other tenant approval rights. Eliminating or pushing out tenants lease termination and co-tenancy rights, reduction or deletion of below market tenant extension options. And we were even able to finalize some agreements to open new stores at Federal centers. All of which enhances the long term value or assets in exchange for these near term concessions. As we did last quarter, we have provided disclosure relating to the impact of COVID-19 and a summary of collectability and accounts receivable which is provided on page 10 of our 8-K financial supplements, and an updated investor presentation which incorporates an update for COVID-19 that can be found for link on our investor website. As Don mentioned, leasing volume was back in full swing with over 480,000 square feet of retail deals in total, then in over 60,000 square feet of office leasing, bringing a total of almost 545,000 square feet of deals sign, our highest combined quarterly volumes since 2018. We are also encouraged by the level of activity in our leasing pipeline. This activity buttressed our leased percentage occupancy metric, which stood at 92.2% at quarter end. However, we still expect continued pressure on our occupancy metrics over the next several quarters and expect to dip into the mid to upper 80s at the trough as we talked about on our second quarter call. We do expect to see meaningful growth from those levels starting late in 2021 given current and projected demand. We are seeing three very specific leasing demand drivers of portfolio. First, in the category of urban to suburban, specifically, the restaurant deals in D.C. that Don mentioned, that are in the works at Bethesda Row, Pentagon Row, Pike and Rose and Village at Shirlington, two best-in-class restaurants and two primarily urban/mall retailers planning openings at Hoboken, as well as numerous concepts in downtown Boston in discussions of both Assembly Row and Linden Square. Seconds, upgrading real estate to best-in-market open air locations, including a Marshalls, where they are moving from a second tier lower rent location next one failing Vmall [ph] to our Gaithersburg Square asset, main and main location in that sub market, replacing a bed bath and beyond a better economic terms to us and higher rent than they were paying. Several additional deals involving other best-in-class discount apparel, mass merchandisers and grocers are in the pipeline along that same vein. And third new to market lifestyle and digitally native tenants targeting our best-in-class, open air, mixed use and lifestyle location. Santana Row attracting Nike Live, Vuori, Arcteryx, Faherty, Ugg and new restaurant concept Chika. Assembly Row landing new deals with Sephora and Shake Shack, in addition to the CVS as soon to be delivered PUMA building with several other deals in the pipeline. Pike and Rose attracting a new concept from the founders of Cava, also with more deals in the pipeline. Overall, this activity is diverse and very encouraging. Now to a discussion of the balance sheet in our further enhanced liquidity position. As you saw in early October, we raised $400 million of unsecured notes due 2026 at a 1.38% yield bringing our total pro forma liquidity at September 30 to over $2.25 billion comprised of 1.25 billion of cash, plus our undrawn $1 billion credit facility. We did this as a green bond, which I will discuss in more detail a bit later on. With our $1.2 billion in process development pipeline continuing to be executed on, we have only $500 million left to spend against this roughly $2 plus billion of dry powder. Note that this pipeline is forecasted to deliver $70 million to $80 million of POI, when it fully stabilized -- stabilizes at 2023 instead of 2024 timeframe. As evidenced by our decision to not move forward on the Sunset Place redevelopment, rest assured that we will continue to demonstrate discipline with respect to all capital and resource allocation decisions moving forward. As it relates to managing the balance sheet, we will continue to be opportunistic and pursuing equalization for asset sales, with over $200 million deals under active discussion at blended yields and the fives. We'll see how those progressed. As we discussed in the last call, we will remain -- we remain well positioned to manage through the challenging environment. The leveraging the balance sheet will continue to be a priority as we look to opportunistically bring down leverage levels over time to our historical levels. As you saw yesterday, our board made the decision to declare a regular cash dividend of $1.6 per share payable on January 15, our first dividends of 2021. Now before I hand over to Q&A, let me talk briefly about the Federal's commitment to ESG. Our ESG has always been a key part of our business strategy for more than a decade. Until 2020, we've never prioritized communicating the breadth and depth of this commitment to our stakeholders. Our inaugural corporate responsibility report was issued in late March 2020. Unfortunate timing with the pandemic. For publication we're extremely proud of [Indiscernible]. Our green bonds in October further demonstrates that commitment to form of green building design and construction with a commitment to spend $400 million on lead, silver, gold and platinum building. And we have a pipeline of comparable lead development projects, which positions us to potentially issue more green bonds in the future. Furthermore, as you've may have seen from Navy, we ranked fourth of roughly 100 real estate companies with on site solar capacity in the solar energy industry associations sees annual list of top U.S. businesses utilizing solar energy. Our accomplishments and color to come on the ESG front and kudos to Dawn Becker and Emily Gagliardi will lead this effort. With that operator, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Schmidt: Well, thank you. Federal's second quarter -- third quarter same property NOY was down 18.1%. That compares to our average for scripts at about 12 point -- down 12.7%. What's responsible for the somewhat lower same property revenue versus some of your script peers?
Don Wood: Let me start with that actually, Dan, and then you go. You know, Craig, Dan is going to follow. But I don't know. And I almost don't care. And I don't mean that tongue in cheek. What we are trying to do is not to kind of get back to where we were. But to effectively in an over retailed environment, make sure that on the other side of this we have better shopping. In order to do that, we're effectively cutting the deals that we need to cut with tenants that we think will be critically important on the other side. We are actively, frankly, not helping out the tenants that won't make it and will produce more vacancy. And so there is very little focus in this company right now on comparable POI. Because in our view, it's not relevant. It's relevant from the standpoint of overall cash flow to make sure we can pay our bills, we can pay our dividend and set ourselves up for the future. But that's it. So from a comparative perspective, I know I have no answer to your question in terms of us versus the peers. Maybe Dan does. But I wanted to get that out first.
Dan G: Yes. Just from a kind of a mathematical perspective, like the big driver is obviously the collectability adjustment. And look, our approach, I mean, the fact that we have more the highest percentage of tenants on a cash basis and take what we feel is a very prudent approach and an appropriate approach. But that drives our collectability adjustments as a percentage of build revenues to be one of the highest in the sector. And that's the biggest driver. Look, I think it's going to allow us to probably have less, more transparency during this during this period, and less impact going forward.
Craig Schmidt: Thanks. And then just as a follow up. How is the leasing activity surrounding Third Street Promenade? And have the leasing efforts been hindered by LA County's conservative real stance?
Jeff Berkes: Hey, Craig, it's Jeff Berkes. And yes. I think that's absolutely true. We obviously have some space on Third Street that we need to deal with and we are. But until things are open up and we can kind of see a little bit clearer to the other side of the pandemic, I don't expect to see a ton of leasing activity on Third Street Promenade, whether it's our buildings or anybody's buildings.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please proceed with your question.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Good morning. So if we put aside FFO and things NOY for a moment. If we had a chance to be [Indiscernible] some of your meetings and what you're seeing on the ground. What do you think is the most underappreciated aspect of what's happening with your tenancy and your portfolio today?
Don Wood: Yes. That's a good question Ki Bin. You know, the -- if you're thinking late 202, 2022, 2023, and you put yourself in the kind of position of a retail or trying to do a deal today. If you imagine them, we're asking them to commit to a series of payments for seven years, 10 years, et cetera, where they have less visibility today of who their co tenancy is going to be, probably than they've ever had. And so the notion of the work that we're doing today to make sure the right tenants are there in that center to effectively give them confidence to be able to enter into an economically strong deal is something that you can't see in the results. And philosophically, it's something in my view, that's very different to the extent we do it, because we're doing that everywhere. Every shopping center is about how to make sure the inevitable additional vacancy, which by the way we've never had. So this will be the first time where the ability to get into a Federal Center is actually practical. If you're 93% leased, and you're trying to lease up to 95% or so you have -- we have 23 million square feet, so every point of occupancy, its roughly 230,000 square feet of space. And you do that on shopping, a lot of deals, et cetera. If you're down at 88% leased, and you're going to get back to 95% over a period of time. Then for the first time, we've got the ability to put tenants in that have tried to move up to a Federal Center, but have been unable to. For that to be successful, we better have the right tenants as the foundation in each of those shopping centers. And that's effectively where we spend all of our time. And I truly, I wasn't being snooty with respect to Craig, the first question, trying to compare that to what other people are doing and how they're doing it is not something we're focused on. So that I think is a truly. I think it's the secret if you will to value creation, you're on the other side of this. We don't tend to be a $7 stock on the other side and not -- if we don't see back where we were, it tend to be more and better. So it's not about a percentage of where we were, the percentage of where we're going. And that is a fundamental way of management throughout this building that everybody is focusing on and think that's a little different.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. That's helpful. And the second question. I've heard of tenants. I think it was mostly a restaurant that you had belief and that was going really well before COVID and you're providing some facts to support. I know, it's a very short timeframe to gauge any results or activity. But how does that feel right now? You feel like you've made the right investments? And are those tenants starting to show signs of life where they're going to come out the other end?
Don Wood: Yes. Very much so. Now look, the big question there is will we feel the same way through January and February and March? Right. I mean, that is still whether anybody wants to talk about it or not, that is certainly with respect to that category, the period of time that'll we'd see whether the prudence if you will of keeping them strong with smart or not. But it's been an amazing weather here on both of those frankly. The production of our restaurant product has been ridiculously strong. At Assembly Row, they're operating 80% change, 85% of where they were. At Santana Row numbers are more than 100% of where they were, because we've done so much outside seating and expanded their capacity, et cetera. So, has it worked so far? Sure. But the real test will come in the next few months.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Katy McConnell with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Katy McConnell: Great. Thanks and good morning. So assuming you no longer building for Sunset redevelopment. Do you have any other plans for that capital? Or is it just reinvesting and leasing CapEx at this stage? Or are you seeing any interesting opportunities in the market right now for other investments, given all the disruption that's going on?
Don Wood: Yes, it's a good question. First of all, we have a lot of development in progress. And so certainly, we have used to that capital that are certainly identified for. Do I expect over the next year or two for there to be opportunities with assets that we'd love to own? You bet. I do, I really hope we see that. We're starting to -- it'd be interesting even with our on the other side of that with our assets sales to see what the market value of them are as we sell a couple of them. None of which have obviously closed yet, at this point. So we'll see how that plays out. But yes, we do see opportunities that way. And we're judicious users of capital. I mean, there's nothing more embarrassing to me then the Sunset Place failure. There's a lot of good reasons for the failure, but still a failure. So we take very seriously where we allocate capital, why we think the dividend is so important from that perspective. And to the extent, we find as we expect to additional opportunities with great real estate going forward, you'll see exactly.
Katy McConnell: Okay, great. Then, since the tenant base, people are waiting to walk away from that. I'm curious if you're thinking about your exposure to fitness, or other experiential tenant categories differently today. Those are going to be targeted asset sales going forward?
Don Wood: Yes, no. I don't -- so there's a couple of things about that in the fitness category and in the theater category. So I believe both categories will exist. Do I believe both categories are important for communities going forward? You bet I do. But certainly the jury's out on what their business models will be able to be. What they will need to be profitable? How they will be able to? What levels of rent they'll be able to pay. So you bet that's what I worry about. It's one thing when you're talking about an established retail center, that's got a place and is important to a community to have a tenant like that where you can backfill, you can do another use in our case, in other ways, it's completely different than starting afresh and building a new one. And the -- obviously the Sunset investment would be putting a lot of faith on those users in terms of what they can pay and what their job is going to be in the future while there's from a completely new investment and that was just a bridge too far for us to take.
Katy McConnell: Okay. Thank you.
Don Wood: Thanks Katy.
Operator: And our next question is from [Indiscernible]. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning out there?
Don Wood: Hi.
Unidentified Analyst: Dan, I guess, on your comments on the dividend intriguing, I believe you said you're fast approaching sufficient cash flow to fully cover the dividend. So, I guess I was hoping to expand upon that a bit more on how you and the board is thinking about the dividend here? Obviously, you don't want to cut it like most of your peers have. But 3Q gap episode, the $1.12 implies a mid $4 share-ish outlook for next year, which pretty comparable to this year. So flat earnings. And you're sitting here without coverage already above 110%. So I guess I'm curious if you guys, even the board think maintaining the dividend yield is the right move, even if you can afford to give them a strong liquidity you outlined before and how long you might be willing to overpay it? Thanks.
Dan G: Yes. We talk so much about this over the past six months, but the there has to be a guiding philosophy. And ours may be a little different than yours. We believe that dividends at that bargain that's been put out there for investors is a key portion of their total return. And the idea on the other side of this, and as I say we certainly see a path to getting back to an 80% payout ratio or something like that. The idea of giving up on that, as you say when you can afford to do so on balance seems premature. Now -- and that is exactly how the board and we talk about it, we think about it. It's clearly an important part of total returns. So nobody knows how long COVID will go and what story is. And at some point we may not be able to do that. But certainly in November of 2020, which is as I think you know, the first quarter dividend for 2021, paying $80 million in the form of a dividend, we'll certainly have to ultimately pay that anyway. Because it will certainly have more than $80 million of taxable income next year. And that probably applies to February too. Now, by that point, we're going to have a whole lot more visibility as to whether we're able to get out of that, get out of that hole into later in 202, 2022, et cetera. And we'll make decisions at that point, as we do, frankly, every three months, but to me the November one in particular was a pretty -- that's helpful.
Unidentified Analyst: It is. Thanks. And also you mentioned [Indiscernible]. I'm curious if there's any commonality, the geographic focus or product speculative sell here. And what you're seeing in the market today in terms of buyer demand? And any insight into the cap rate and what level of NOY the buyers are underwriting? Thanks.
Dan G: Yes. Jenny.
Jeff Berkes: Yes. I'll handle. Its Jeff. Maybe the best way to say assessing the market on a few assets right now. They're all very different in terms of what they are and where they are. So of course, we're seeing different responses from the market. And I don't want to talk too much about pricing, because we're in the middle of negotiations on all of them. But I will tell you, assets that you think would trade at high prices. We are seeing prices that we think are strong. What more to talk about on it on a topic hopefully next quarter, but there are buyers out there, just like there are tenants that don't have legacy issues and have capital and they're doing leases. There are buyers without legacy issues that have capital and they're going to be buying real estate.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Anything other NOY?
Jeff Berkes: I'm not going to comment on that. No.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning down there. Don, overall, as you look at your tenant base. One, your restaurant comments are definitely super helpful and impressive that experiential tenants have really rebounded that way. But overall, as you look at your tenant base, how much of a shift you think that you'll expect going forward meaning, do you think that maybe it's just a little bit of a trim where maybe you want to dial back exposure to some of these areas boosted in these areas? Or do you think that your exposure that you had before really will continue to take hold on a go forward?
Don Wood: Yes. It's a great question, Alex. And when you kind of think about those decisions and what you're doing, obviously you're making decisions for a decade or more and then in that regard. The answer is not holistic as you might like it to be. It might be easier, understandable or holistic, but it's not. It really comes down to the individual shopping center, the individual mixed use, project, and what it needs for that community. And what is interesting to me as well, I'm sure, for a number of years, there will be far less restaurants, effectively doing this and making money doing business. Where will those restaurants go? And where will they be? It is in the process of being figured out now, all over the country. And I do think D.C. is a little ahead of that. Because of the geography of D.C., what was downtown? What is in these first tier suburbs? You know, there is really good product in the first year suburb. Frankly, I think we've had a lot to do with that over the last 40 years. And so the ability of a restaurant tour who is really hot downtown, but whose customers are not coming there anymore, either because their offices are closed or because they're in the suburbs, and they're choices there that they feel better about are causing these restaurants to come and look at us. And frankly, in numbers that have surprised us. ___ is our key leasing person on that. And they certainly don't surprise him and tell me this was going to happen all the way along, but surprise me a little bit. And so overall, when you go kind of market-by-market and what product we have in each market, I think it's likely that we'll have a similar diverse, certainly diversified income stream five and 10 years from now, might that change on the gym side or the theater side? Potentially, because I think those are the ones -- those are the businesses that are less predictable in terms of what the profitable business model is going to be. But in terms of food, so it's going to be an important part of what Federal does.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. I remember a decade ago you out of the credit crisis, you've made the comment that food is a is part of the debt, he said necessity, but retail is not a luxury, but restaurants are a part of feeding people. Well, a lot of people they spend money to have gorgeous kitchens. But keep them pristine? Don't use them go out. So second question is on. I think, Dan, you said that a 30-year tenants are now cash renting? And if that's correct. So big picture, you've collected 85% of rents overall, presumably that actually pays tenants. But if you think about the outlook and the trough occupancy that you spoke about in the first half of next year, what do you think is the take out between the remaining 15% attendance where you haven't collected friends? And that third of tenants for pain patch, collectively out? How do you think that will all shake out?
Dan G: I think it really, well, we're fighting for every dollar from every tenant, whether they're a cash basis tenant, or an accrual basis tenant. And yet we have more folks on a cash basis in terms of from an accounting perspective, because I think we view them as is not probable, to be able to pay for their entire lease. But we're going to fight aggressively to make sure that we get back as much of that rent possible. I think it remains to be seen there will be some shakeout, I think that we will see some shakeout in our local small shop through the pandemic, I think that we'll see continued pressure on some of the weaker retailers across the different categories into 2021 the first half. And then I think we'll continue to -- we'll see how things play out with regards to the theater and fitness stance.
Alexander Goldfarb: But do you think Dan, is it reasonable if we say, half of each of those things goes away or is that not a reasonable supposition?
Dan G: I think it's really tough for, yes. Some portion of that we'll be looking to backfill. I can't give you a number now, Alex. But I think we're pretty well positioned that even if they do go away, it's not permanent. And we'll have demand to backfill and backfill it in practice economics.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Greg McGinnis: Hi, good morning. This is Greg McGinnis on with Nick. Could you just walk us through the impact that tenant bankruptcies have had on portfolio occupancy and APR this year? And then kind of what's still left outstanding in regards to tenants still navigating the bankruptcy process? Also, any additional near term risk on your watch list? Or has that tree been shaken hard enough already?
Dan G: Now bankruptcy on, pull it on our occupancy rates roughly about 80 basis points impact. So far, we've got probably exposure to about 4% of our revenues, as it relates to all tenant to a file this year. If you back out those tenants who have emerged from bankruptcy, and stayed open in our centers, it's probably total exposure of about three and a quarter percent. And of those do we expect to close ultimately, it's probably in the one and a quarter to one and half range in terms of as a percentage of our total revenue.
Greg McGinnis: Okay. Thanks. And then on that. Yes, definitely. And then on the watch list, do you think more fallout this year, early next year? Do we shake tree hard enough during the pandemic that most of the things is already sell out at this point?
Dan G: Look, I look, I think that the worst of 2020 has hit us. But I think we'll see another wave, certainly in the first half of 2021 of more pains to kind of hit. And that's why we've forecasted that our occupancy will go down below the 90% level certainly in the first half of 2021.
Greg McGinnis: Okay. Thanks for that. I guess just the other question I had was on -- you've had fairly stable rent collection numbers for the last few months here. Are you expecting much turned up in the next few months into the year end? Or how should we be thinking about that?
Jeff Berkes: No, I think it I think, the high 80s is where we'll probably be, if you're going to continue calculated the same way as it's been. And I think that's because there'll be some additional Fallout, as I, as Dan and I both said, that we believe will happen this winter. And yes, there'll be deferrals that are paid back that goes the other way. So, effectively, a balance about where we are probably a little bit better than where we are is what we're looking at right now.
Greg McGinnis: All right. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: And our next question is from Vince Tibone with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good morning.
Dan G: Hi, Vince.
Vince Tibone: How do you think increased working from home across the country has impacted foot traffic Shopping Center. In longer term, do you think more of this permanently could change the demand profile for the urban centers or the ideal merchandise unit? Love to get your thoughts on that?
Don Wood: It's so interesting to me. And I'll just give you one example, that kind of goes right to the point of your question. When we're underwriting Hoboken investment last year, which is a lot of street retail and residential apartments on top of it. We said, the downfall of Hoboken is that there isn't a lot of office in Hoboken. And so daytime traffic is always the thing that that we worry about there, because it needs nights and weekends are where they make they make their money. Well, it's one of our better performing asset. And it's one of our better performing assets because people are home. And so traffic during the day and during the street -- on the street and around is strong. Our collections are strong, our tenants are relatively strong. Yes, there were tenants that are going away like everywhere else and we'll be able to backfill. But that kind of combination of being on that side of the river from New York and having people home has been a real benefit. Now, can you take that and extrapolate that all over the country to all kinds of centers? I don't know. I think that's a bit of a stretch. But there is no doubt that that some of the benefits of working for home are helping the community centers. Do I think it'll stay at the level that it is? No, I do not. And as I was saying before I -- as another example, we are in our offices now for 90 days. We're not fully in, but we've got about 50 or 60 people that come in each day for an offset is normally 150 or 160 people each day. The experience here, the ability to effectively walk around what it's done outside and how people feel in here has been ridiculously encouraging. I didn't expect this much of a boost to morale, this much of a -- kind of a good feel from coming into a new office. So that doesn't mean that decision makers are deciding today to enter new office leases. But we do see everywhere, the sentiment that a growing percentage of people want to be back and a growing percentage of employers are embracing that. So I think it'll be a balance, as with most things between where we used to be and where we will be. And I think that diversity of opportunity is what protects the income stream.
Vince Tibone: Yes. Thank you for that color and thoughts. One more for me. Can you discuss just the expected CapEx, the meeting economics that have to return it a former theater with another use?
Don Wood: Yes. It's a good point. It's hard to deploy profitably if it's not enough of theater. And the exception to that, maybe were kind of going back to our last question. Theaters on the second floor and things like that, that are retentive, depending on how they were built, whether the stadium seating is structural, whether it's -- there's a lot of detail, obviously, into how a building is built and how it needs to be reconfigured. But to the extent you've got high rents in the area where we're talking about high office rents, or otherwise, you can make the economics work. It's really tough, because construction costs are construction costs that have low rents, and to effectively -- yes, you can get a bump up in rent. But pretty hard to get a bump up netted the capital. So high rents to your friends, if you're in markets, that can support that when you do have to reconfigure a space, any space, frankly.
Vince Tibone: Thanks. Is there any rule of thumb just for like the CapEx per theater? Or just it's too hard to generalize doing all this kind of specs and in the detail you meet him?
Don Wood: I can't get you there. I know that in a number of places, whether we're looking at it, and it's still being built out by the theater operator in new development down in CocoWalk. That's one particular set of economics. Here at Pike and Rose with an IPIC and the way that is built out, that would be a completely different set of economics. I'm not sure I can get you. I know I can't give you a number that you're asking for, because they are very different.
Vince Tibone: Make sense. Thank you for the time.
Operator: Our next question is from Linda Tsai with Jeffries. Please proceed with your questions.
Linda Tsai: Hi. thanks for taking the question. Maybe following up on Alex's cash basis question. How much revenue did you collect from cash basis tenants in 3Q?
Dan G: Roughly about 60% collections from cash basis in third quarter.
Linda Tsai: And then how does it compare to 2Q?
Dan G: Significantly increase. It was about 40% collection for cash basis tenants in the second quarter.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. And then just more. How do you think the passage of additional PPP loans positively impact some of your tenants on the bubble and get some to the other side? Or do the pressures facing them in the current environment extend beyond what these loans can provide?
Dan G: It remains to be seen Linda. But PPP loans were important. They were certainly important in this first phase. I think you'll see -- I'm sure, you'll see more now in the second phase, probably in the January February timeframe. I think they're very important. I think particularly because of the timing here. And I think if you had sit back and you kind of think about it, this will be a really interesting year. You know how you and me and all of us feel coming out of winter, into a spring normally. And normally, there's a there's a pickup in consumer spending. Normally there's a pickup and what's happening. This year has the potential to be a really good one. Because in addition to that normal feeling coming out of the winter into the spring, I do believe there'll be VPP money or something like that, that'll be a pretty critically important. I do believe there'll be a vaccine, which even if it's not delivered or completely total efficacy, et cetera, will still be very important. And I do believe that it'll be a tougher winner than it normally is anyway, because of the situation we're in. So PPP is just one piece of I think of number of catalysts that could really make that spring and summer of 2021 better than anything.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question is from Chris Lucas with Capital One Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Lucas: Hey, good morning, guys. Dan, just on the cash position, I guess just kind of curious. Should we be thinking about utilization event for the upcoming bond maturity and then the term loan into next year? Or will you be tapping the markets again, to maintain your cash position as you kind of face those maturities?
Dan G: I think we're certainly going to use the cash we have to repay the bonds that come due in January. Look, we've got the flexibility to extend the term loan for another year from March. And so we're going to maintain maximum flexibility based upon the -- flexibility based upon the visibility we see as we go through and work our way through. And so, won't be judicious in terms of managing our cash balances. But we're going to we're going to keep a cash in place for as long as we feel like we need it.
Chris Lucas: And then I guess just on the transaction side you had gone under contract with a parcel at Grand Park earlier. Remember if it's earlier this year or last year. But is that transaction still proceeding or this sort of close either later this year into next quarter next year?
Dan G: Yes. We're still on track. It's probably going to push into kind of next year, with the first half of next year, but it's on track. And we feel reasonably good that that's [Indiscernible]. It will happen in March of 2021.
Chris Lucas: Okay. And then in the pricing is kind of held up. Nothing's changed on that?
Dan G: Exactly where we connect.
Chris Lucas: And then, Don, I'm sorry, if I missed this in your earlier comments. Relates to Sunset, have you guys stopped negotiating with the lender at this point?
Don Wood: We have not yet at this point. We'll see where we go, though.
Chris Lucas: Okay, super. That's all I had this morning. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Mueller with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Mueller: Yes. Hi. I was wondering, can you talk a little bit about apparel collections. I mean, obviously, fitness and restaurants and everything comes up frequently to slow collection rates. But when you have apparel that's been open, generally, since the spring and collection rates during the 70s to 80s. I Guess, how broad based? Is the collection rate low? Or is it really just dragged down by a small subset of those tenants?
Don Wood: Yes. It is. You're on it. I mean, that is absolutely another category. The thing is it really depends. So there is more variability in what happens there. We're collecting in the mid 70s, or something of the of the apparel tenant, department stores. And so it's -- it's certainly not bringing up the overall collection.
Mike Mueller: Yes. And then last question on that, anecdotally, what are you hearing in terms of sales, though, in terms of sales conversions there?
Don Wood: Very much depends on the particular store. The small shop full price. Apparel stores are probably struggling the most.
Mike Mueller: Okay. Thank you.
Don Wood: Thanks.
Operator: And we have reached the end of our question and answer session. And I'll now turn the call over to Leah Brady for closing remarks.
Leah Brady: Thanks everyone for joining us today.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. And you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Mr. Mike Ennes, Senior Vice President. Thank you. You may begin. 
Mike Ennes: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realtys second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G, Jeff Berkes, Wendy Seher, Dawn Becker, and Melissa Solis. Theyll be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realtys future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from information in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. We have also posted on the website a slide deck that has more detailed information on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business to-date and various actions we have taken in response to COVID-19. These documents are available on our website. Given the number of participants on the call, we kindly ask that you limit your questions to one or two per person during the Q&A portion of our call. If you have additional questions please feel free to jump back in the queue.  And with that, I will turn the call over to Dan G to begin the discussion of our second quarter results. Dan?
Dan G: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. We're going to change things up for this quarter's call and I will kick things off before handing it off to Don. There's a first for everything. I will take you through the results for the quarter with an initial focus on the major impact facing Federal and every company in the retail sector, collectability of rental income and the reserves we are taking due to the impact of COVID-19. Our approach at Federal to collectability and revenue recognition has historically and consistently been more conservative than the balance of the retail sector. To provide clarity on that point let me refer you to our most recent 10-Q which includes our disclosed policies around revenue recognition and accounts receivable on pages eight and nine.  And I'm reading when collection of substantially all lease statements during the lease term is not considered probable, total lease revenue is limited to the lesser of revenue recognized under accrual accounting or cash receipt.  If leases currently classified as probable or subsequently reclassified as not probable any outstanding lease receivables, including straight-line rent receivables would be written off with our corresponding decrease in rental income. Now, what that means from a practical perspective is when we move a tenant from accrual accounting to cash accounting, we do not view the rent owed to us as necessarily uncollectable. It just means that the probability of collection of the contractual revenues under the entire term of the lease is below the threshold of what we deem is probable. We will continue to fight to collect every penny of rent due from that particular tenant, for that particular space, it is simply based on our judgment, the decision to recognize revenue for those tenants when the cash is actually received in accordance with the relevant accounting standard, as opposed to recognizing the revenue on an accrual basis when the cash has yet to be received. So for the second quarter, our FFO was $0.77 per share was meaningfully impacted by collectability adjustments for the quarter of $55.2 million or $0.73 per share. This collectability adjustment can be broken down into two components, the first component $45.8 million for uncollected rents from tenants that one we already have on a cash basis, primarily most of our restaurants and two, tenants that we switched from accrual to cash accounting over the course of the second quarter due to the impact of COVID-19 on their business. The majority of that second group is comprised of tenants in the fitness and entertainment category, but also includes tenants who declared bankruptcy during the quarter, or others we deemed to be below the probable threshold. Additionally, there was a $9.4 million write-off of the straight line, rent receivable, essentially associated with tenants in that second group I just mentioned. Other drivers which impacted the quarter include $0.08 of drag due to the impact of COVID-19 on our hotel joint ventures, parking revenues and percentage rent and $0.07 of drag due to the higher interest expense given the incremental liquidity and balance sheet strength we are carrying during the pandemic. This was offset by $0.05 of positives from lower expenses at both the property and corporate level. As a result, including the collectability adjustments this totals a net $0.83 of COVID-19 related impacts for the quarter. I'm going to stop here and hand the reins over to Don for his remarks. I will be back however, to close things out before Q&A. 
Don Wood: Thanks, Dan. Good morning, everybody. I certainly hope all of you and your families are doing well this crazy times. I do hope that Dan's remarks were helpful in understanding the accounting conventions that we applied this quarter on a tenant by tenant and a category by category basis, as well as the in-depth and detailed supplemental statistical disclosures that we made in our 8-K on our website.  Dan said, you just have to keep in mind no matter what the accounting, nothing changes with respect or vigor that will go after the rent, that's due to us by right. I don't envy the job that investment analyst community in parsing through the many judgmental decisions that every company needs to make about their future income stream during this pandemic. Frankly, it all comes down to the estimated probability of a tenant being able and willing to honor its lease commitment, over its medium term, which often spans 5, 7 even 10 years. I mean, think about that.  Making the judgment today that it is probable that a fitness tenant, big or small, will fulfill its obligations for the next 10 years, probable 75%, 80%, that's a high bar. Obviously, those judgments are made with the best information available today, which as you all know, could not be more cloudy at this stage of the pandemic. But what I want to talk to you about this morning is the future. And what we see happening today and what we're betting on happening tomorrow. And let's start with liquidity and reiterate what we said on the May call, and at the NAREIT Investor Conference in June. We remain confident in our ability to weather this pandemic and come out the other side an even stronger and further differentiating company. That is the key premise to every decision we're making. We project having approximately $1.3 billion in cash and unused credit line available to us six months from now on February 1st, 2021, even when and assuming that the declaration payment of our next two full quarterly dividends, which could be declared in August and November and paid in October and January, even assuming that continued and unabated construction at the partially completed projects at Santana West, Assembly Row, Pike and Rose and CocoWalk. Even assuming the collection of rents only marginally better than the 76% plus that we collect in the last month in July and assuming no asset sales or equity issuance during that period. With all of those assumptions, we still wind up with $1.3 billion worth of cash on February 1st, 2021. And obviously we're going to look at these and other ways to improve on that liquidity position in the second half of this year. But the point is simply that you have great flexibility, even if we can't.  Let me move to our construction process where the completed lease up timing of the office portion of the large mix use development is less clear than the retail for residential components because of the pandemic. While the 375,000 square foot Santana West office building is in the early stages of construction and won't be ready for occupation until 2022, the 212,000 square foot Pike and Rose office building is nearly complete today. 40,000 square feet all serve as Federal Realtys new headquarters, beginning next Monday and benefits advisor One Digital took most of another floor with a lease signed in March as did a couple of smaller tenants. We still have 150,000 feet to be leased there.  And the Assembly Row where Puma will anchor that 275,000 square foot office building beginning in late 2021, a 125,000 square feet remains to be leased. The long term impacts of the pandemics work from home mandates have created uncertainty in office leasing. And so timing is hard to predict. Having said that it's our view it's the best and most desirable product on the market. All three of these buildings are state of the art new construction with enhanced clean air systems in affluent suburban communities, close to job centers and most importantly are integrated into the fully amenitized mix use environments that business leaders say is essential.  And by the way, during this incredibly uncertain time, we signed nearly a 100,000 square feet of new and renewed office deals in the second quarter. That's an addition to the 277,000 retail deals that I'll talk about in a bit. Okay, well, at Willow Lawn shopping center in Richmond where security company Simply Safe took all of the 58,000 feet of available office space that Virginia Commonwealth University previously vacated at 28% more rent.  At CocoWalk where our office component is now 84% leased with the latest signing for 13,000 square feet by Florida law firm Weinberg, Wheeler, Hudgins at pro forma rents. And at Avedro where our company has a retail amenity base assures a historically low office turnover rate in that community for us. Basically we think that our office offerings all of which are an integral part of our mix use communities have been and will be the product of choice among business leaders on the other side of this pandemic.  So what else gives us the confidence to continue to operate as we have, frankly, it all comes down to our conviction. Not only that first ring in that first ring suburban location of our real estate, the sweet spot in our view, but also in the dominant open air heavily amenitized product site and environments that we created in these locations over the last decade or more. Consider that during the most disruptive quarter in this country's history, we still signed 47 leases for 277,000 square feet of space for 11% more rent than the previous tenant was paying in the same space. And three of those deals were for strong credit grocers at really well located non grocery anchored shopping centers. Lidl for Stein Mart at 29th Place in Charlottesville, Virginia, Whole Foods for Bed Bath and Beyond and buybuy BABY at Huntington shopping center in Long Island. And the third a great credit grocer for Barnes and Noble, at Willow Grove in suburban Philly. Consider further that there have been 15 notable chapter 11 bankruptcy filings between April and July of the pandemic that have affected us. They are J. Crew, Neiman Marcus, True Religion, Creative Hairdressers, it's hair cutter related brands. Tuesday Morning, Lapanga Titian, 24 Hour Fitness, GMC, Chucky Cheese, Lucky, Brooks Brothers, Serla Tab, Muji, Ascena and Taylor Brands Men's Wearhouse. Combined, they represent nearly 650,000 square feet of space and 110 locations.  Yet only 110,000 square feet and 28 of those locations have been identified by those firms for closure on their initial list. That means that 83% of that square footage, and 75% of those stores are at this point, expected to remain open by those merchants on the other side of bankruptcy. 10 of the 11 J. Crew concepts that we have in our portfolio, none were on a closure list, none.  Now, who knows how that all ultimately turns out, and under what terms, but it sure is a pretty strong indicator of the obvious desirability of a real estate. Since then Lord and Taylor filed, and as many of you know, occupies the east side of our Balkin Wood shopping center in suburban Philadelphia, getting this store back on last one of the best 6 acre future development sites in our entire portfolio.  And you know, future desirability of retail space is really the most pertinent question that needs to be asked and analyzed today. Demand simply has to exceed supply to create value in this business. And yet we entered this country crisis as a country in an over retail position. And we're definitely exacerbating that oversupply position because of the pandemic. Obviously, not everybody can come out a winner here. Vacancy is going up and I expect it to peak in the first half of next year. We're likely to be in the 80s by then. And yet, of all the things that worry me as a result of this pandemic, and there are plenty, filling that space with great retailers and restaurants and good economics is not one of them. I know that our property's positioning in those first ring suburbs of major metropolitan areas will be more desirable post COVID. I know that the decades of focus on creating comfortable and attractive open air places at those centers will further enhance their desirability. Consider that nearly every discussion we had or are having, with brokers and prospective tenants in every major market we do business in. The perspective deal is premised around the tenant improving their real estate locations, improving not only the location, but their co-tenancies, improving their environment, and most importantly in some respects, improving their landlord. Tenants want to be with landlords that have money, investible, financial wherewithal, vision, execution prowess, and a pedigree of partnership with them. Long term customer friendly service improvements like a coordinated customer pickup program matters today. They matter a lot. All of these considerations are more important now and will certainly be on the other side of this than ever before. And we're set up for it. So that's all I have for my prepared remarks. Let me turn it back over to Dan for some final remarks, and we'll be happy to entertain your questions after that. 
Dan Guglielmone : Thank you, Don. Just jumping back into details from the quarter with respect to our tenant activity across the portfolio, we made great progress in light of the fact that most of markets in which we operate were the first to shut down and effectively the last to begin reopening. Due to this fact, the percentage of tenants that were open as a percentage of ADR was only 47% at May 1 and 54% at June 1st, as reopenings accelerated in June and July as of July 31, 92% of our retail tenants are now open.  As a result our cash collection has shown strong momentum tracking those reopenings, cash collection for the second quarter finished at 68% as we made continued progress with our tenants on unpaid rent. Collected rent for April ended up at 65% up from 53% at May 1, May was 66% up from 54% at June 1 and June was 72% for a blended collection rate of 68% for the quarter.  July collections further accelerated to stand at 76% at July 31st and August collections are off to a promising start while only one day of collections August 1st, 2020 collection where roughly 85% of August 1st, 2019 levels. And we're 60% higher than July 1st, 2020 levels. Of the 32% of uncollected rents for the second quarter, roughly $68 million, our $46 million collectability adjustments accounted for two thirds of that amount. With respect to executed deferral agreements, we've taken a very tactical approach with a portfolio of only roughly a 100 properties we're able to treat every negotiation on a tenant by tenant and a space by space basis. $21 million of rent has been deferred for the second quarter under executed agreements with our tenants. This represents 31% of uncollected second quarter rent and 10% of total bills 2Q rent. Of that amount almost two thirds or 13 million is with accrual based or probable tenants and negotiations continue.  As we did last quarter, we have provided new and additional disclosure relating to the impact of COVID-19. A summary of collectability and accounts receivable is provided on page 10 of our 8-K financial supplement and a new investor presentation, which incorporates an update for COVID-19 can be found through a link on our investor website.  Now just to revisit the balance sheet and liquidity. During last quarter's call, in May, we have just closed on a $400 million unsecured term loan with a one year maturity and a one year extension option into 2022. This provides us with pro forma liquidity of 1.4, this provided us with a pro forma liquidity of $1.4 billion in cash on hand and available credit capacity at that moment. Following the May call, we immediately raised an additional $700 million in the bond market in two tranches, with seven plus years of blended maturity, and a 3.3% effective yield.  As a result at June 30, we have over $2 billion in liquidity with $980 million of available cash and an undrawn $1 billion credit facility. We remain well positioned to manage through the challenging environment we currently face like we have done time and time again, over our 58 year history.  Deleveraging the balance sheet will continue to be a priority as we look to opportunistically issue equity, as well as sell assets and/or raise joint venture capital leveraging the quality of our best in class asset base.  As you saw yesterday, our Board made the decision to declare a regular cash dividend of $1.06 per share payable on October 15th. Given decades of maintaining a fortress balance sheet and having the ability to build significant liquidity and significant liquidity positions and having, even in the most challenging of capital markets, we felt it was appropriate to lean into this strength in capital position, and declaring modestly increased dividend this quarter, and extend our increasing annual dividend record for a consecutive 53rd year.  Given our high margins at the property level, cash collections and store openings showing great momentum and collections comfortably in excess of our breakeven collection levels coupled with the quality and productivity of current leasing discussions with our tenants, and the implicit demand for our real estate that that provides all drive, build both the competence and the strength of our portfolio performance coming out of this environment.  As a result, based on the information we have today, we believe we should be able to support an annualized $4.24 dividend from adjusted FFO on an ongoing basis post COVID. However, as we stated previously, that perspective could change in the coming quarters as the length and the ultimate impact of the pandemic on our business and our tenants business become more visible. And know that the management team and our Board of Directors will be extremely disciplined in setting our dividend policy moving forward.  And with that operator, please open the line for questions. 
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. 
Craig Schmidt: My question, I just wondering what Federal can do in the short-term to increase traffic and sort of relieve the costs in some shoppers. It seems like your centers were places that people wanted to congregate, and now you have to play the game. I'm just wondering, in terms of a new service or anything structural marketing that you can do to get people to be more comfortable shopping at centers? 
Don Wood: I'll tell you Craig, I appreciate that question a lot because if you could be around and there's certainly the mix use centers and even the more lifestyle other centers that we have, you would be blown away by the traffic and because they are open air because they are part of the community in which people already are living in. And frankly, because of the markets that we're in, you see mass everywhere, people being extremely diligent with what they're doing. And, specifically in the markets that we're in, which were closed first and opened up really very recently in terms of that, what I'm most thrilled about is that their comfort with our places.  Now, we were also, I think really early in putting out almost completely across the portfolio, the pickup, which allowed for a landlord coordinated effort for tenants to effectively, for consumers to pick up goods from merchants, that landlord coordinated piece goes right to the heart of your question. That's what's necessary. And I can tell you no matter how much it's being used or not being used based on any particular shopping center, you know what really helps? It really helps prospective tenants because those tenants say this landlord gives a crap and is in it with us. And that notion of partnership throughout this, I honestly think is going to be one of the most critical parts of who wins if you will, on the other side of this. And that's what we're executing on. 
Craig Schmidt: Great, and then just on may be on that longer term, what are some of the tenants you would like to add that are new to the merchandize mix that you have at your center.
Don Wood: Well, that's a TBD, you know, one of the things that I think as you kind of think about longer term here, you know, and I made a point about the tenants who are really struggling in the fact that they want to stay in our centers generally, and that's the case. And then the short term, we're going to want them to stay in our centers. What failing tenants are, not who we want over the long term they create value in our shopping centers. We do want to see who emerges here. And I can't give you specific names. If I gave you the specific names, it would sound very much like the lifestyle type of tenants that the war bees in the world that we've been talking about in the past. It's not about that. It's about over the next year or two, the opportunistic money that gets behind new concepts or reinvigorates old concepts that choose the best real estate in the marketplace.  That's what we're seeing Craig, that the conversations that Wendy Sear or that Berkus, and Sweetman along the West Coast, or Stobel here on the East coast are having are all about how do we get better real estate? And who's going to be in there with us. And what do you guys do to make this all work together, frankly, they're playing right to our strengths. And so the combination of all those things, not one piece of it is what in our view gives us the competence that where we will be a more differentiated company, not less differentiated on the other side of this. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Santos with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question
Daniel Santos: My first one is on the dividend. How does the increased dividend align with taxable income for the year? 
Don Wood: So it is, Ill let Melissa add to this or Dan add to this if they want but the notion and I'd like you to think about this first is our dividend, okay, that, this was the last dividend for 2020 that counts in taxable income 2020. Our November dividend will be paid in January, so that'll be the first one for 2021. And that's a little bit different than other companies. So I want to give you that that perspective.  Certainly, with respect therefore to the roughly $320 million of dividends that were paid this year. In fiscal 2020 that is in excess by something like $40 million of our taxable income and what that would be okay. Now, first of all, it's August 5th, and a lot has to happen between now and the end of the year from a taxable income perspective. Some of it could be surprising good, some of it surprising bad, but we got a lot of flexibility there. So, did we pay more than we had to pay in 2020? Sure, we did. And the reason for that, and I'm glad you asked, because I really want to get into this a little bit is that we built this company to be able to power through recessions. And when I say the company, not just the balance sheet, the quality of the assets the diversity is a real estate. This is a recession. Albeit a very unusual one. I got it. We went into this with one of the lowest payout ratios, a dividend payout ratios going in. So certainly we can pay it, then you got to ask well, why would we pay it if we don't have to. And in the end, at the end of the day, it's all about our belief in the outlook, and where we're going. It's all about our belief and effectively not only being able to get getting back to not paying more than we have to, as we did in 2020, but more importantly, growing and creating value.  And so there is, I would have to be a whole lot more pessimistic about the future than I am today for us to have cut that dividend. And, everybody always says their long term and focus. Let me tell you, were long term in focus. We know what has to happen on the other side of this. And so sorry to be a little long winded about that Dan, but I'm pretty darn passionate about this company's ability to come out of this crisis really strong. So that's why and it's a little more in your text link of questions, but it all ties together. 
Q Daniel Santos: I appreciate the answer, the passionate answer. My second question is, I was wondering if you could give some color on leasing demand and pace of reopening and some of your traditional suburban shopping centers versus your more sort of in-sell assets? 
A Dan G: Let me give you two people. Let's have Wendy talk about that, for more of our traditional shopping centers and focus maybe on the West Coast, in terms of some of the street retail stuff. 
A  Wendy Seher: Thank you, Dan. As I look at our kind of our pipeline that we have, going I look at a couple different things. And one of the things we're focused on obviously is what are the deals that were pre-COVID that we still have that are now picking up momentum and we see them coming to fruition through executed leases. So that seems very strong. What I'm also looking at, and this is what I'm encouraged by is that we have a lot more deals in the pipeline and deals are going to lease negotiations that were during COVID and now post COVID. So that makes me feel very good about our pipeline and what I look at the diversity of the deals and the properties that we have specifically on the East coast. It's fairly limited well between our traditional grocery anchors to our lifestyle and to our mixed used.
A Don Wood: Dan, I will echo that, on the West coast, very impressed by kind of how tenants have behaved since getting through April and May, when a lot of them are really trying to figure out where their business was headed. It seemed like a little bit of a corner was turned in June and the volume of serious discussions picked up and activity on LOI and lease negotiations picked up. As Wendy said, we have a pretty robust pipeline of those discussions and negotiations going on right now. It is broad based, not only in our more traditional community centers, but also in our mixed use and lifestyle properties.  And what we're seeing in the latter really is two things. One, continued interest to expand their fleet within our portfolio from tenants that we've done deals with before, as well as a lot of new conversations from tenants that don't have a lot of legacy issues but understand that if they are going to open a handful of stores, opening them in the best possible locations is critical. And discussions with those tenants in both groups have picked up and are progressing well over the last couple of months. So too soon to tell, obviously if all the deals that are in the pipeline get done and sure a few will drop out, but we're pretty impressed with it, with the discussion so far. And hopefully that shows up in the results in a couple of quarters. 
A Dan G: I want to add one thing to both of those comments. You know, I don't want you to, and maybe I'll throw a little cold water on it. I don't want you to think we are Pollyannish and don't understand the severity of what's going on in the country. Of course we do. Of course we don't have great predictability of when things turn and really what that means. Obviously the timing of the vaccine, all this stuff that obviously we don't know, so all we can do is make business decisions today based on what it is that we know and Wendy's conversation just, conversation and ours has been about is we see a path. We see a path forward. We know what to do to try to be able to execute, to get there there's enough raw material that suggests that there's a good probability that that can happen. Again, who knows, but today, which is why you see the results you see in the second quarter. You bookkeep based on what you know today and then you work for tomorrow. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Handel St. Juste with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question. 
Q Handel St. Juste: I wanted to follow up on that a little bit, that the last question by Daniel here, want to get a bit more color on the conversation with the tenants youre having today, how they compare pre versus pre pandemic on the demand willing to sign deals and deal terms perspective? And then what you hearing in the conversations with tenants as they make space with this. Are they seeking value are they more biased to the location the first ring separately you talking about asset type? What are the things that seem to matter most as they think about spaces in a post COVID world?
A Wendy Seher: I think that what we're hearing a lot of is that retailers, some retailers are going to make fewer new openings, right. So they're going to make shorter, they're going to make decisions based on a, in my view, a criteria that has just doubled. So in every box is going to have to be checked. So when we're thinking about, so when they're thinking about, would they, do they need to be in strong centers that have great landlords that invest in their properties that have co-tenants that are, who their customers are, and then when they can ensure the ability to do stronger sales, that is going to be a must. And with that criteria, we feel like we're very well positioned because of the ability to have strong occupancies, strong sales and a landlord that has a strong balance sheet that's going to continue to invest and look towards the future. So that has been sort of the, we're not having as many discussions as I would like to have, but the ones that we are they want to upgrade their real estate.
Q Handel St. Juste: Are you getting the sense that you're losing any leases due to price to rent, or perhaps there is a search for value that may be making certain tenants more inclined to seek secondary location that they think about the cost variable? 
Wendy Seher: It's a good question. I think based on what I had, what we just talked about, which is that it's so important that these locations come out strong that what we've seen is that tenants are willing to pay more to have that insurance that they need that the location that they either relocate or they open, hit the gates strong, right, from opening. So we found that they will pay more to be in the right location. 
Don Wood: Imagine this. And now just think about this for a second, right. If you're looking to do deals right now, you're certainly looking for value right for deals, that's, frankly, not much different than it's ever been. But the big thing, when youre talking about, that's so critical, if you don't really know who your potency is going to be, you really don't know today, if you're getting a cheap deal, who you're going to be doing business next to? What that shopping center is going to feel like look, there is a big risk to signing for any mini, for any anchor or even mini anchor. A 15 year deal, when you don't have that visibility. The additional rent to be in the dominant centers seems to pale in comparison to the sales, being able to underwrite what you think you're going to do in business.
Q Handel St. Juste: And my second questions on the leasing spread, the new leasing spreads have been consistently the 10% ratio. I'm curious if your view is that would clearly a lagging indicator, but what bottoms first occupancy or new leasing spreads?
Don Wood: I don't know. I think they kind of go together, with us at least, and you were certainly a smaller company than some of the big guys in terms of GLA. And so, a few deals, make those leasing spreads be what they are. And so, you'll see volatility in that the strength in the second quarter was a couple of deals and the single biggest one was taking very old Bed Bath and beyond Buybuy Baby space at Huntington, which is a great shopping center in terms of location and trading up for Whole Foods, at a big rent. So I mean, that, that moved the needle in this quarter, hopefully every quarter, bears a few of those, sometimes there are, sometimes there's not, but what we're working hard to do is to maintain occupancy and that does mean we'll defer or abate or change contracts more readily, certainly on the restaurant side, the idea of a restaurant where you're going to defer your money and they're going to have to pay it back next year.  I mean, that's a fools errand in most situations except for a large well capitalized company, right? I mean, if you were running a restaurant, would you take your last few hundred thousand dollars in a savings and try to open back up only to know you're going to pay it all to your landlord in next year? No, I mean, there has to be a realization, an honesty about assessing the current situation and then know that you'll make your money with that occupancy with the deal that give you a chance to make it back and with new deals, because tenants are looking at well occupied shopping centers, that's our MO in terms of how we're approaching this. So you're certainly going to see lower vacancy or higher vacancy rather, a lower number there and you're certainly going to see pressure on rents in certain places, but overall, you got to feel really good about the demand drivers of a portfolio like this. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Christy McElroy: Thanks. Good morning. Don, just a follow up on those comments, you talked about their willingness to defer or be and the potential pressure on rents. If I think about the categories where youre seeing below 50% collection models that you talked about, fitness, experiential, restaurants, full price apparels, these categories comprise a good portion of your write off. How should we think about sort of rent level that many of those tenants can now pay given their reduced revenues, it seems like a lot of those problems arent going away until we have our vaccine, how do you collections rebound for their tenants without some sort of reset to their rental levels currently, is it a matter of releasing that space? Or is it working with them to get to the right rent level given that restaurants and experiential are part of what makes your centers, what they are today? 
A Don Wood: No question about it, Christy. It's interesting. I'm going to start with the more obvious ones. Restaurants are not so obvious, restaurants Im pretty darn positive, feeling pretty good about frankly, in terms of not only their importance to our centers, their ability to generate business and pay us rent on a percentage basis will be number of them but going forward. But again, in our places, I think we can make money that way. I do think the harder ones are theaters and fitness centers. I do think that, and the reason I think that in fact, I'm actually going to take a little tangent as you would expect me to Christy, but everybody keeps saying our second quarter was conservative. Even Dan said, and his remarks were conservative. I got to tell you, I don't see it that way. And let me tell you why. I mean, first of all the punch in the gut, what have we book kept in the period that has been incurred? That's the second quarter. And so if you sit there and say, today that that theaters or fitness operators have figured out what their business plan is on the other side of it and what rent they can pay us, I would tell you a really, to your point, I'm not sure what a movie theaters ability to pay the rents that are in place or a fitness centers ability to pay the rents that are in place over the next decade, which is what you're being asked to say, in accounting by streamlining that stuff. I dont think you can. I don't think that's conservative. I think that's realism.  And so, sitting and saying, okay, that piece of our income which is a few percent, right, I know what theaters and, fitness is 4, experiential is 2. So there's 6% there that I agree with you. We do not have the visibility. Restaurants are so different in terms of each one of them what they are, what their owners financial position looks like, what they're willing to do, et cetera. And frankly, so critical to how the entire place works, that we are absolutely working with those important restaurants. And we identified this on March 18th, that was going to be a critical group for us to effectively go.  So those are more individual answers to your questions. I'm sorry to tell you I'm not sure the answer on the theatres and on fitness. But I think that's the only honest answer that's possible today. 
Christy McElroy: Thank you. And then, Dan, you talked about the drag associated with the liquidity that you're maintaining right now, given with that raises that you did last quarter. Don, you talked about the 1.3 billion in cash, the importance of having that liquidity, by February, I know that you don't know what will happen, right, the collections and occupancy. But as all that plays out sort of over the next six, twelve and longer months, how do you think about the balance sheet management aspect of that on a go forward basis and maintaining that level of liquidity? 
Don Wood: Look, I think we've spent years and years of building the credibility we have, and I think it's evident that we were able to on, in the midst of all the uncertainty of early May, and was able to raise the capital that we did over a billion dollars from our banks. And so our access to capital continues. I think that we will, we've done in the past show balance. And then as I think we are going to be opportunistic with regards to keeping leverage, kind of inline with kind of our long-term goals, our long-term metrics. Our metrics are going to be impacted our net debt to EBITDA will go up, our coverage ratios will go down as we work through over the next few quarters. But we will be opportunistic, whether it be through asset sales or joint venture capital, or even issuing equity, when we see opportunities in the market, we will keep a diversified source, the spectrum of capital sources available to us. And as we work through it, we'll avail ourselves to kind of the all of those sources as we move forward. But our intention is to kind of take advantage of the market as it's available, while keeping our long-term focus on leverage profile in line with historic levels. 
Don Wood: I'll say one more thing to you, Christy, on this, you know, long term problem that we always have to deal with is with asset sales is covering the tax gain. And we have to 1031 everything and it's hard. And the idea of looking at that as a potential source of a piece of our capital is on the table for us right now, which I think is an interesting, additional tool in the toolbox that we didn't have as easily before.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Vince Tibone: What types of joint venture structures could you see most probable to the source of capital? I mean, trying to get out of how would you weigh selling an interest in an individual component of one of the big three projects where maybe you can get stronger pricing today in retail versus having interests aligned in the entire mixed use property.
A Dan G: So I don't know, that's a hard one to answer because it depends on a specific deal and the specific circumstance. I mean, you know, how much, I think, you know, how strongly I believe in the integration of those uses at big mixed use properties. It's important now, is that different for a standalone office building across the street from Santana Row, maybe right? I mean, it's just, it's not as integrated as the office buildings that have retail under them and are part of it. So we could look at that differently for example, I'm not saying we will not saying we are, but I'm trying to give you the level of detail in the considerations that have to be thought through, because there's not a direct answer to your JV questions.  I would really have a hard time at Assembly Row effectively selling off an office building or a residential building that was part and parcel of our product project. I would much rather if it, you need to look at it, we would look at it as a passive partner that that border percentage of the whole thing. So it depends on, I don't know, JB if you want to add anything more to that, that's kind of how I see it though.
Jeff Berkes: I dont think there is too much to add. Just one of the things obviously would be looking at a portfolio of more stable lower growth, non mixed use assets. And it doesn't make sense to bring somebody into that and some sort of way, all things were thinking about like Don said not really to talk about this at this juncture and havent made any decision or quite frankly, any real progress other than kicking around internally here. 
Vince Tibone: And then shifting gears a little bit, I'm curious, dynamic leasing, negotiations shifted in recent months with e-commerce getting another leg up COVID, how much overall occupancy cost ratio matter anymore, given the benefits of having a brick and mortar store on online sales.
A Don Wood: Youre right on it, man, Ive been preaching on this for a while, the total occupancy cost matters. Of course it matters. Does it matter to the level that it used to in a lot of businesses uh, uh. So when you sit and think about it, all the stuff that Wendy talked about earlier on this call and Jeff talked about earlier on this call, in terms of the considerations of what makes a business profitable is obviously including the online business, the ability to pick up goods in the store. I'm telling you man, this notion of what we're doing with respect to the pickup having a landlord coordinated effort here is really big, and it's big in what you're asking about, and that is, what are the tenants asking about in these negotiations? What are the differentiators that matter? We always knew it was the location, obviously. But more and more, it's about the co-tenancy, it's about those other services, it's about that tenants being comfortable that the landlord is working part and parcel with them to make them successful in total for the businesses. It's a more holistic approach.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. 
Greg Mcginniss: Hi, this is Greg Mcginniss on with Nick. I just had a few questions on the tenant bankruptcies. Now I understand the expectation is for the majority of those stores remain open, I'm just curious with total exposure to those 15 bankrupt tenants, if they've all been taken to a cash basis, and then also curious on how much of an impact those tenants had on Q2 collectability?
A Dan G: Yeah, roughly the exposure its total exposure to all 15 names that we had on that list was roughly in the 3% little over 3% of our total revenues. So not a huge number. All of the tenants on that list have been taken to cash basis with the exception of one because this happened right at the end. And that's Men's Warehouse or Taylor Brands. 
Greg Mcginniss: And then what was the impact on the collectability for tissue from those tenants?
Dan G: We don't know right here, we get back. 
Greg Mcginniss: Okay. And then I guess just a follow-up question on kind of restaurants. Don, I appreciate comments you gave, I can't really predict the percent rent trends. But I believe that you previously mentioned abating rents for your best restaurants can use the top 60 if I recall correctly. We were just wondering how that abatement program may have evolved since you last spoke about it. What that impact was on Q2? And if all those tenants are on a percent rent basis now?
Don Wood: No, certainly not all those tenants are on a percentage rent basis, that still -- still exception rather than the rule, Greg. I don't have a number for you all the way through here, I, as you correctly point out the 60 tenants that as the 60 restaurants that we had identified initially as critical to the property we worked with early that has continued and grown through the portfolio as in certain other situations, it's useless and so, we're not working with them, we're simply holding a line and trying to get paid contractually with whatever they've got left because they're not going to make it.  So it really gets down to a one by one, on a one by one basis and next time you can travel and we can be around. Let me walk you through a Pike and Rose or Befesa Row or Santana Row certainly and trying to show you the broader issue in terms of how this stuff works. I know you're trying to put numbers in a modeling, make percentages work, and somehow tied to something in the second quarter. Then I could care less about any longer, but, but nonetheless, the real key is kind of understanding how those deals are going to financially work going forward. And more importantly, what they're going to do for other tenants in that shopping center going forward. I don't know Dan, if you've done anything specific for this question.
Dan G: I think you answered that. Just to get back to your previous question, roughly of the $55 million adjustment, roughly about 10%, you know, $5 million or $6 million was associated with the bankrupt tenants. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Mueller: I guess where tenants havent paid rents and we don't have deferral agreements in place. Which portion are you backing for discussions with versus really having no clarity on a resolution?
Don Wood: I think call it 30% of our unpaid rent, we have deferral agreements with, we probably have another 20% kind of in conversations and a handshake agreements on, even more with that. So yeah, we're making progress. Negotiations are ongoing. We're trying to be really, really tactical and strategic with regards to those conversations. And so it's a bit of a moving target, but we feel good about the progress we're making and kind of resolving, some of the unpaid rent and coming up with solutions and in some situations, we're kind of viewing it as, hey look, you have a contract, you need to pay it. And so, we'll find that out. But that's I think in process at the moment, Mike.
Michael Mueller: How is parking and hotel income trending in the third quarter compared to the second. 
Don Wood: Yeah, that's a good question. I don't know the answer to that might be the hotels, the two hotels were closed for most of the second quarter, obviously have opened up now are still trending something like 20% occupancy, 30% so certainly not making any money that's for sure. And parking revenue, interestingly is coming back, and I'm using that based on what I know and visually see at Pike and Rose at Santana Row, et cetera, because the traffic is up. So back to where it was of course not but were trending in the right direction. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please proceed with your question. 
Ki Bi Kim: Good morning. Reverse to the 21% of the reserves that you took, Im sure there is quite a different range of that 75% threshold on that. What percent do you think roughly were tenants that were already living on the ledge or kind of the substantial decline pre COVID that no matter how many accruals have woken up, and then I guess what the remaining bucket of tenants that were probably pretty good were not paying rent for few months. Really help some and they can come out of okay, okay.
Dan G: Well, I don't think we have answers specific answers where we bifurcated kind of into those kinds of buckets. There's a bunch that wont make it, there's a bunch that we think we can work with to get them through it. But I don't have a percentage, specific percentage of what fall into each of those buckets, I think 
Don Wood: But Ki Bin you know, I mean, the bottom line is, this was from the beginning. We are not negotiating with tenants that we don't believe will make it, right. If we don't think, we're looking at our best chance for success, and sometimes the best chance is to simply default the tenants pay very quit, try to evict, I mean, sometimes those are the best answers. And so we're using, generally when you're talking about a tenant, the 15 tenants that filed bankruptcy, there wasnt one surprise of those 15 tenants that filed for bankruptcy. So we didn't sit there and abate or defer rent with those tenants in any meaningful way. Why? Cause it wouldn't help with respect to what they're going to do. And the same applies to smaller tenants. So I, obviously, I don't know that percentage differences, but I can tell you philosophically how we approach each of those guys, so I don't know if that's helpful to not. 
Ki Bin Kim: And how would you describe how private operators are behaving around your market? You can be very disciplined you have great assets and you have a great operating platform. But if the surrounding private operators aren't behaving rationally and undercutting rents or getting more KIs, getting something out of your control, so how do you think about that?
A Wendy Seher: Are you talking about the small shop tenants and how they're behaving?
Ki Bin Kim: Around that private owners? 
Wendy Seher: Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. I think as we get post COVID, we've always been, we were under over retail before. And we are definitely going to be more over retail now. So there's going to be a lot of low cost options out there. But again, as to my prior point, I think you'll have a very small subset of tenants that just go for a low cost option. And that majority of the tenants who really need to be opening stores that are productive and robust in terms of sales are going to the critical factors of creating that successful operation is going to be what we have to offer in terms of occupancy in terms of co-tenancies, in terms of convenience, in terms of the locations and are investing in the property. So, I think that there will be, there's always been lower cost options, but I don't see that as a determinant in our going forward. 
Dan G: The one thing I would say to you, I'm sorry, man. The one thing I would say to you Ki Bin is you know, it's hard to imagine from my perspective that that was not comprised in the stock. We're up 40% right from six months ago. And if you go, if you look going forward, will there be rent pressures? Of course there will be rent pressures. We're up 40%. Do you think these properties are worth 40% less than they were six months ago? Where the billion dollar Assembly Row be sold for 600 million today because of those concerns? Not at all. It's been over, it's been overpriced. I get it. I understand the uncertainty and why but I got to think that's priced in even if there is and there will be pricing pressure from lower cost operators going forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes in a line of Linda Tsai with Jefferies. 
Linda Tsai: The 3% revenue impact from the 15 bankruptcies, what would be occupancy impact from that? 
Don Wood: We don't think that we're going to lose that many of them candidly. So it's probably 1%, from the closures that we kind of expect. But most of that havent happened yet.
Linda Tsai: And to the comment of the first half of 2020 may reach high 80% occupancy, you know, the merchandising categories that end up going away would you look to back fill with retail uses or look to pivot and diverse away in kind of some of the spaces are flexible enough to do so.
Don Wood: Linda, one of the things I think that's one of our strengths is that we really look at sell from a real estate perspective. And so having the expertise to be able to convert and redevelop and repurpose is something that I think is a real benefit to us. So we don't look at it. We look at it economically and try to figure out what the highest and best uses of that piece of real estate is. So whether it's a second floor of the floor, the amount of the amount of fitness and second floor, second floor space that we've already taken out and created high value office in is pretty interesting certainly at Santana and with respect to the ability to have properties that now with more vacancy can be turned into residential and retail, more mixed use properties. We look at that stuff that way. So it very much depends on the property, but we can do all of those things. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please proceed with your question. 
Floris Van Dijkum: Good morning, guys, actually Compass Point. But just wanted one question I guess, some of the opportunities that you're going to get as a result of bankruptcy. So you mentioned this Dawn, I think early in your comments about Lord and Taylor at Balkin Wood, how will you balance incremental capital spend, that that will require with the potential to create value and to grow NOI going forward. Do think about that differently today than you would six months ago? 
Don Wood: Yes. That's a very good question, Floris. I mean, look, the uncertainty of capital means that the bar is higher, you happen to pick one in Lord and Taylor at Balla where, I mean, I've been dying to do something on that piece of land for the better part of 15 years. There it's just an underutilized great piece of land. Now, what COVID just did was made lower Merion township more important than lower Merion township was pre COVID. So, so the answer is always going to start with the real estate, and it's always going to start with the, the ability to create value on that real estate, that's an easier one. For some of them that are less easier yet they have a higher hurdle that they got to fight for, but for us, it's not only that initial ability to redevelop its what is it that we see from the long-term growth. And I think I know you're familiar with Gary and I think you'll see like what we're doing at Gary and there has been enhanced by COVID, not hurt by COVID because of where we are. So I think we start with a leg up on that stuff.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. 
Alexander Goldfarb: On the restaurant front, certainly Lebanese Taverna is one of the restaurants that survives, that place is great. So, Don, just a question on the dividend how you think about it? And you answering a bunch of the questions. There's obviously a lot of unknowns, you guys have a lot of capital that you want to spend on projects. Like Merion or like various places that you think will really reward investors. So the decision to increase the dividend was that based more on just the strength of Federals balance sheet or the real time improvements that you're seeing, or is it just your general belief that, there will be a vaccine that 2021 will be a much better year and therefore, don't look at this year and what's happening look forward and with all that said, you guys feel comfortable that you can maintain that above taxable income pay off? 
Don Wood: Well, first of all, Alex, I'm so glad you got a question in as the last question, because I was worried that before this call, I was missing you greatly, so it's good to talk to you. With respect to and I don't have an answer on Lebanese Taverna, exactly expect we've gotten to the concepts from them that had just opened, so that's good. Getting that aside. I kind of, I spent a lot of time on the dividend because it's not just one or two or three things. It really is a myriad of everything. And so, when the question came down about capital raising a little bit I mean or and Dan was answering what, how we look at the balance sheet going forward and how we're going to effectively finance. There is, I'd be lying to you, if I didn't say to you that we have a level of confidence in our ability to raise money from a wide variety of sources, whether that's equity or debt or joint ventures or asset sales or whatever, because they all comes not only from our history of being able to do that, but they, at the end of the day, the condition that this real estate is the best real estate out there is it's just real. So we're going to have in our view more opportunities than most to be able to raise capital. That's an important component of what's happened here.  Also, there's no doubt as I talked about, at the property level, if you were with us and you were working in Federal and we were meaning as I do with Wendy every day or every other day, at least. And with Jeff and with Don, you would have a good hands on sense for the desirability of that real estate and the deals that are coming through and can come through to on a long-term basis to be able to get that done. And that would give you another the level of confidence.  So, there will be equity raises on the other side of this. This company has effectively been built to be able to provide an equity investor or return that comes from appreciation, as well as the dividends. And it's a critical component, so in our estimation for the type of investors that we want, because those are long term investors. And so the combination of those and five or six or seven other things suggest to us that at this point in time, we should continue the dividend. Now the raise, the $3 million incremental costs that it costs us by going up a penny that's everything, it sets the record, we're going to pay $80 million, the notion of and ruining the record. We shouldn't do that. So the incremental three that's based on our history, it's just three in terms of the raise, the natural payments, it's on everything I was talking about previously.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, and then the second question Don, next year the point in El Secundo VXP announced a JV for that triangle. Was that something that you had considered that may be something that you would consider? I don't know if you were involved in that at all, but was that something that you guys ever looked at, or given everything else that was on your plate? You're like, look it's across the train tracks, it's separated, whatever. And it just, we have more that we don't need to get involved in that. 
Don Wood: Yeah. It's a real complicated one and Jeff is on the phone. He can certainly answer, but we've talked about that. I don't know, at least I half a dozen times with Berkes we'd sit there he said, how are we going to figure out what to do on that? And every time we looked at it, the costs and moving tracks and time and all that is just, more.
Jeff Berkes: Actually just the way more than quickly, Don and Alex had saw me product site, which is just East of the point on Rose Crowns, where all the tanks used to be when we originally opened the point. So we talked a lot to continental development about, you know, doing stuff with them, that project when it's built and they're not ready to build it yet, given what's going on in the market but when it's built it will integrate very nicely with the point. And actually we think drive a lot of daytime demand for our restaurants and shops and services at the point. So we're happy to see them do but it is 100% office. And I think there is, alluded to a little bit in the release longer term bigger view from both of those parties on how they work together, that we just didn't really fit into. So, great relationship with them, great developer, really happy to see what they're doing, but just not no fit for Federal.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question and answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mike Ennes for any closing remarks. 
Mike Ennes: Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Q1 2020 Federal Realty Investment Trust Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Ms. Leah Brady. Please go ahead.
Leah Brady: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realtys first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G, Jeff Berkes, Wendy Seher, Dawn Becker, and Melissa Solis. Theyll be available to take your questions at conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realtys future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from information in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday are in a report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. We have also posted on the website a slide deck that has more detailed information on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business to-date and various actions we have taken in response to COVID-19. These documents are available on our website. Given the number of participants on the call, we kindly ask that you limit your questions to one or two per person during the Q&A portion and you should feel free to jump back in the queue if you have any additional questions. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin the discussion of our first quarter results. Don?
Don Wood: Thank you, Leah, and good morning, everyone. There's a certain comfort in the familiarity of the well-worn quarterly routine of the earnings call with each of you that's oddly reassuring to me as we battle through this mess each day and preparation for advantageous positioning coming out the other side. First, my heartfelt thoughts and prayers for good health to each of you and your families and friends in this crazy time, particularly those of you holed up in small spaces in my favorite city, home to the 27-time World Champion, New York Yankees. Next, a shout out of immense respect and appreciation for the unity and the work ethic of the Federal Realty team on the front lines over these past six to eight weeks, including our property management team, who is taking care of our assets so that essential businesses could provide those services to the community, and also to those team members whose jobs weren't full time anymore and who volunteered for the numerous new areas where their help was needed. Top to bottom, everything in between, thank you. This is one dedicated and talented team. Let me start with a few comments about the first quarter, and then move on to today's situation where and we are headed from here. As you saw in our press release last night, we reported FFO of $1.50 a share in the first quarter compared with $1.56 in last year's first quarter. Even before the COVID-19 crisis, we were going to have a tough year-over-year comp because of the $5.4 million in lease termination fees in last year's quarter compared with $2.7 million this quarter or a difference of roughly $0.03 a share. But we were having a great start of the year up until the last two weeks in March, and we were on track to grow FFO per share ex termination fees by 2% to 3%. That changed in a blink with mandated shutdowns and fear of the uncertain future. The states that we do business in were among the first to close. And by the second half of March, we were really feeling the heavy drop-off in activity. Rent payment deficiencies and increased bad debt provisions, among other items, directly attributed to COVID-19, totaled $4 million or $0.06 per share in the first quarter. Still a pretty solid quarter, which also included over 80 leases executed for nearly 0.5 million square feet. So we went into this whole mess in a strong position from both an operational and, most certainly, a balance sheet perspective. So I guess, the real question is, will we make it through? And what will we look like on the other side? First things first. Yes, we will make it through. Dan will spend considerable time going through our current cash position, cash flow projections, our development spending flexibility and plans for additional financing. One comment from me in that regard. History and track record really matters at a time like this. A reminder that in 2009, in the depths of the recession when markets were closed to many, many borrowers, we accessed the unsecured market. We accessed the we secured bank debt from a consortium of lenders. We upsized our line of credit. We even issued a small amount of common equity. The point is that all of those markets were open to us then, and our balance sheet and competitive position is even stronger today. Again, Dan G. on our plans in a bit. Our development spend, which approximated $35 million a month coming into April, has been pared to about $10 million a month, with the Massachusetts and California shutdowns at Assembly Row and Santana West and a few other smaller projects saving cash currently. Construction at CocoWalk in Florida and 909 Rose at Pike & Rose in Maryland continue, as both are nearly complete and, in fact, will be over the next few months. We have every intention to complete all of our development projects that are partially constructed. The start of construction on all new development projects are, however, on hold until we have some better visibility on the length of the pandemic's effects. Okay, rent collection. It's obviously impossible for a simple tell-all statistic or metric to try to explain such a multifaceted and complicated phenomena as the virtual shutdown of the entire U.S. economy by a pandemic, and April rent collections certainly are not that metric. But they're a relevant piece of data. They're easy to understand. They fit neatly on a matrix of comparative companies. But like same-store NOI, it's just not that simple and is such a small part of the company's post-COVID viability and growth prospects. More on that in a minute. For the record, we collected 53% of our contractual rent in April, which we expect to be better than the mall sector and a little bit less than the grocery-anchored shopping centers who have a tenant base more highly geared to essentials. Our portfolio is far more diversified, which we see as a major strength, not a weakness, for any period in history and any economy in history other than in the quarter or two that a global pandemic literally shuts down the world. All 104 of our shopping centers are open and operating with about 47% of the tenants open and trying to do some level of business. About 1/4 of our rent comes from essential services, grocery, drug, banks, etc., and that was largely paid in April. Another 20% comes from our residential and office tenants, largely in our mixed-use communities. 95% of our resi rent for April was collected, as was 87% of office rent. Restaurants make up 15% of our rental base, about 1/2 full-service and 1/2 QSRs and fast food. About 1/4 of that rent was paid in April. Fitness and experiential tenants, like theaters and bowling concepts, comprise another 6%, and very little April rent was collected in that category. Payment was sporadic on the balance of the portfolio. So our first response for non-payers was, of course, to communicate with clarity that we expect existing contracts to be honored, and in many cases, they were. Others did not pay, have been put on default and no active conversations are under way between the parties for a whole host of reasons. These are largely small tenants who were struggling pre-COVID-19 and will have a hard time reemerging on the other side. Vacancy will clearly be higher on the other side of this crisis, no good prediction on how much higher at this point. The remainder are those tenants who have the wherewithal to pay but who are looking for deferrals for the periods that they are closed and some for a couple of months after. These negotiations are complex and consider many factors, including the easing of lease restrictions that may impair our ability to redevelop down the road. We don't have a blanket policy for handling these negotiations. This is a really important point. One of the many advantages of our platform is that we're small enough to have senior level experienced executives handle each of these conversations on a one-off individual basis. We believe that, that individualized approach will lead to the best result for Federal as a whole as we look to the coming years and not just months. So I think all of that is a pretty good summary of what's happening right now. You can find additional information in a presentation available on our investor website. Check it out, it's thorough, if you haven't already. Let me move on to give you a few thoughts about where we see ourselves on the other side of this. And as you would expect from me, let me start with the short-term negatives. First, geography. No surprise here. The states we do business in will largely be the last to reopen and likely with the most stringent conditions, California, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Maryland, etc. the list, clearly a negative relative to the middle of the country in terms of the second quarter and probably third quarter activity. Second, our tenant makeup. More lifestyle and entertainment-oriented restaurants and retailers that are not essential for consumers during a pandemic, as I laid out in the percentages above. So those two things, geography and tenant mix, are not conducive to outperformance or accurately predicting performance at all in the second or third quarters of 2020, perhaps longer. Accordingly, we're in no position to offer earnings guidance for any period at this point. What we can do, however, is share our thoughts as to a pretty compelling plan and vision for our properties, enhance growth on the other side of this. First, from the demand side. We see the geography negative in the short term as a huge positive on the other side of this. At the end of the day, real estate needs to be near high-paying job centers to be able to grow and value, ours are. They're in densely populated and affluent first-tier suburbs to major coastal cities, but not in the central business districts of those cities. Plus, they're open air. Think Bethesda and North Bethesda, Maryland, relative to Downtown D.C.; Coconut Grove to downtown Miami; Hoboken to Manhattan; San Jose to San Francisco; El Segundo to Downtown Los Angeles; Summerville, Massachusetts, to downtown Boston; Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania, to downtown Philly; you get the idea. Open-air places, not enclosed buildings, that are easily accessible by car with convenient parking, close enough to high-wage job centers that are able to take to attract the latest tenants and, and this is really important, provide a full array of services. The luxuries and conveniences that both city and suburban people have grown accustomed to and, in fact, demand aren't likely to be given up on easily. It's kind of a Goldilocks scenario here, not too close, not too far, just right in terms of those locations. Might what we've always believed to be the sweet spot, those close in first-tier suburbs, be even sweeter in a post COVID-19 world? We think so. Second, landlord organized and integrated curbside delivery programs. That's landlord organized and integrated curbside delivery programs at shopping centers and mixed-use communities in densely populated first-tier suburbs need to be, in our view, a permanent component of a property's toolkit for attracting customers, and not just for food. Face it, delivering goods and services to the end user profitably has not been broadly solved. Customer pickup in an attractive, convenient, safe environment is the most important piece to economically delivering goods that last mile. We'll be a leader in landlord-integrated curbside delivery on the other side of this. And third, it's not hard to see how the steady drumbeat of enclosed mall tenants who have been moving at least partly to open-air shopping centers over the past several years doesn't accelerate meaningfully in the wake of COVID-19. When you think about which open-air properties are most likely to garner a disproportionate share of that movement, Federal formats, tenant mix and locations are pretty darn well positioned. We think this is one of the most important sources of where new tenant demand comes from that's necessary to replace the COVID-19 retail failures. There's also a fourth and a fifth and a sixth set of initiatives that we're working on that are too premature to talk about at this point, but they all relate directly to why all of us at Federal are, while patiently working through this awful pandemic today, extremely excited about what awaits as we work into the other side later this year and next and for many years after that. So as you sit back and take a break from compiling April rent collection stats and think about the future of the 25 or so publicly traded retail-oriented real estate companies and business today, I think you'd agree with me that our locations, our formats, our diversity and innovative team should put us at the top of that list. Let me now turn it over to Dan before addressing your questions. Dan?
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. FFO of $1.50 per share represented a largely intact first quarter. As Don mentioned, prior to the March impact of COVID-19 on our numbers, we were on pace to outperform our internal forecast by about $0.03 or $0.04 per share, with COVID-19 impacts representing roughly $0.06 of negative drag. Overall, the numbers in the first quarter were driven primarily by Splunk taking position possession on time at 700 Santana Row on February 1, lower property-level expenses and lower G&A offset by the aforementioned COVID-19-related impacts in the last three weeks of March, which included higher bad debt expense than we had forecast, lower contribution from our hotel JVs than forecast, lower parking revenue and higher interest expense, given the cash position we built. Our comparable POI metric came in at a negative 2.5% for the first quarter, but don't be alarmed. Excluding term fee headwinds, which were expected, of a negative 1.8% and COVID-19-related POI impacts in the same-store pool of a negative 1.7%, comparable POI would have been a positive 1%, a result which would have also exceeded our internal expectations. Through March 15, we were also having a solid first quarter on the leasing front with almost 500,000 square feet of activity. Leases of note where merchandising was meaningfully enhanced and our rents increased include T.J. Maxx replacing Staples at Andorra in Philly; Burlington taking the Bon-Ton box at Brick in New Jersey; Old Navy at the old Pier one in Mount Vernon, Virginia; a renowned South Miami restaurant group signing on with a new concept of the former Gap ground floor space at CocoWalk; and converting retail space to creative office space for a cutting-edge cosmetic line at the collection at Plaza Segundo in LA; all examples of our ability to drive demand from best-in-class tenants across property types due to the strength of our real estate locations. This has continued into the second quarter with deals signed over the last 30 days with two top grocers as well as a major office tenant. Plus, we have seen real estate committees at these retailers open up in recent weeks with site approvals coming in at several additional locations. Add in a bidding war for our Fairway grocer location in our recently acquired Brooklyn asset, and you see demand for our real estate from top tenant continues, albeit at lower volume, even in the midst of a global pandemic. Let me take a step back and take a few moments to comment on the overall profitability of Federal from a fundamental perspective. We have a high-margin business at the property level with PO margins just under 70%. Breakeven cash collection for POI at the property level is right around 30%. Breakeven cash collection after G&A, after interest expense, after maintenance and leasing capital is roughly 60%. While our second quarter and the balance of 2020 will be challenging, no doubt, our cash burn rate from operations even in the second quarter should be minimal. Let me take a moment to highlight our updated disclosure. Both Leah and Don highlighted our COVID-19 business update and its availability on the front page of our Investors section of our website. Additionally, in our 8-K supplement, you may have noticed an office tenant. Splunk is now our top tenant, albeit at a very manageable exposure of 3.4% of revenues. For those unfamiliar, Splunk is a leader in data software analytics, security and operations. A public company since 2012, Splunk has a market capitalization in excess of $20 billion, roughly $2.4 billion of revenue last year and has a leading industry position in all things data. Lastly, in March, we posted on our newly designed Federal 1962 branded website, our inaugural ESG-focused corporate responsibility report entitled A Sustainable Mindset. It is a comprehensive overview of our long-standing commitment to ESG throughout all aspects of our business. Now on to the balance sheet and liquidity. In mid-March, we drew down close to our entire $1 billion credit facility given concerns over the stability of the financial markets. At quarter end, we continued to have that $1 billion of cash on hand. PAUSE that time, we have raised an additional $400 million in an unsecured term loan. The term loan has a 1-year maturity with a 1-year extension option and an interest rate set at LIBOR plus 135 given our A- rating. These moves provide us with substantial pro forma liquidity of $1.4 billion in cash on hand and available credit capacity as we navigate through these uncertain times. Our credit metrics remain strong with net debt-to-EBITDA at 5.7 times, fixed charge coverage at four times and a weighted average debt maturity of 10 years. We remain well positioned to manage through the challenging environment we currently face, like we have done time and time again over our 58-year history and our 52-year track record of cash flow stability and increasing dividends. Our A-, A3 ratings from S&P and Moody's, respectively, should provide us with continued access to the unsecured bond market at attractive interest rate levels. We expect to refinance our manageable debt maturities, $340 million, through the year-end 2021, primarily in this market. Our diversity of other attractively priced funding sources continues to be a differentiating factor for Federal. The quality of our real estate still commands premium pricing in the institutional sales market, as evident by our most recent asset sale last week in Pasadena at a 4.5% cap rate. And the ability to partner with attractively priced passive joint venture capital remains high. Now let me provide you with a more fulsome update on our development pipeline. At 3/31, roughly $675 million is remaining to be spent on our in-process pipeline. That pipeline is disclosed in our 8-K on pages 17 16 and 17 and outlines our redevelopment and development, respectively. Updated timing given the government-mandated shutdowns at our two largest projects. Assembly Row and at Santana Row, push out the time line somewhat. $250 million to $275 million is estimated to be spent for the balance of 2020, with most of our projected second quarter spend being pushed out at least a month or two on average. $250 million is now projected to be spent in 2021, with the balance $150 million to $175 million in 2022 and into 2023. Over 80% of that pipeline is nonretail, with 55-plus percent amenitized office and 25-plus percent residential, all of which are located in first-tier suburbs. And note that 50% of the commercial, office and retail, is pre-leased. Also note that we have the ability to hit the pause button on roughly $280 million of this existing pipeline, which would reduce the in-process pipeline's remaining spend to less than $400 million. To clarify, at the current time, hitting the pause button is not our objective nor our current plan. But as is our hallmark, we will maintain discipline in those capital allocation decisions as we move forward. As you saw yesterday, we declared a regular cash dividend of $1.05 per share payable in July. Given the strength of our balance sheet and liquidity position, our goal is to maintain a cash dividend and push our 52-year record of increasing dividends to 53. However, again, the management team and our Board of Directors will be extremely disciplined in setting our dividend policy as we navigate moving forward. Lastly, FFO guidance for 2020 was withdrawn back in March. We hope to reintroduce guidance when we have a better visibility on the impact of COVID-19 on our business over the coming quarters. And with that, operator, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you, [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt: Good morning.
Don Wood: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Schmidt: Yes, In talking about the expanding and enhancement of the curbside service and delivery, is any of that going to require any zoning differences that you might need to have to accommodate that? Or are you well within the bounds of staying within your current zoning?
Don Wood: Craig, we've got a lot of different property types in a lot of different places, and we don't expect zoning to be an issue. There are clearly certain things that need to be done. For example, at Pike & Rose, we needed to get the county to give up some parking spaces that they get paid on that they were able to do, which I just loved. At most of our shopping centers, that's not a problem, but we do have fire lanes and other reasons things that we need to work through. So what the most important thing, I think, to understand about this is that the evolution of curbside pickup and the integration of it from the landlord's perspective with multiple tenants I really think is something that we are just starting but over the next quarters and years will become such an integral part of what we do that we'll solve the inherent issues that are bound to come up with 100 properties and implementing this along the way. But zoning should not be the primary concern.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. And then just real quick, are you having any discussions with retailers who are looking to move to an all-percentage rent as opposed to fixed minimum rents?
Don Wood: Sure. Let me put it to you this way. Every tenant is trying to somehow renegotiate the contract. And all kinds of ideas are coming through what they would what it is that they would like to do. And I this cannot be I cannot state this enough. The beauty of this place is that we do not have a policy on how we're going to handle certain types of tenants. Because of our size, which is relatively small and manageable, we can take a senior executive, whether it's me or Wendy Seher or Jeff Berkes or Jan Sweetnam or Lance Billingsley, there are 10 of us at a senior level that can have each of these conversations with each different business, each different retailer, specifically to come up with the best solution. All kinds of things are being asked, as you can imagine. But at the other side of this, retailers need to be in productive shopping centers. They need to be in places where they're going to be able to make money. We're at the top of those lists. So our negotiating ability, while certainly not perfect, and our contracts, while certainly not perfect, are pretty darn advantageous to be able to allow us to get to an economic solution on the other side of this. Do I expect some percentage rent deals? Of course, I expect some percentage rent deals. But I also expect different conditions under which you operate, including some easing of restrictions that were hard for us to redevelop, for example, along the way. So there's a lot there's a long way to play this stuff all out yet over the next six months or so. We're not rushing. We're going to have one by one conversations to get them right.
Craig Schmidt: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. This is Greg McGinniss on with Nick. Don, I know it's early, but how have rent collections trended so far in May? Do you have any rough estimates or expectations for final collections relative to April? And then I'm sure you're spending a lot of time thinking about the financial solvency of your tenants, and we're just curious what percent you think might not be recoverable in terms of rents. Or maybe another way to think about that is what percent of leases do you expect to switch to cash accounting?
Don Wood: Gosh, Greg, you had so much in there. I'm going to go through the first part and see if Melissa and Dan want to add anything to it. I suspect the answer is going to be no. But I could look, I could tell you that May has started out, we're ahead of April. I don't even know why we're ahead of April, but where we were in terms of at this point in April, and that's an important point to make. For the first few days that we've collected more than we did in April at that point. Whether that's sustainable or not, I don't know. Well, obviously, we'll have to see what happens all the way through. And in terms of the I'll make one point on cash versus accrual and the accounting part of this, where my focus is, is really not so much on where yours is in terms of those focuses. Mine is all about how on the other side of this we've got a growth plan with new tenants and different places to get those new tenants, as I laid that out.  And those places those tenants that really have a business plan going forward, I'm not really all that about taking tenants that had a hard time coming in here and doing whatever we can to keep them in the shopping center. I don't think that's necessarily the best way to move forward. And so all the focus here, while the day to day of negotiation is on 2021, 2022 where effectively will not only maintain but expand our leadership position. I don't know, you guys, if you want to add anything to that at all, but I guess.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. No, look, it's a moving target with regards to kind of what we see as collectability from our tenants, and we'll make assessments as we move forward. So there's not much we can add there, except to concur with what Don highlighted.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. That's fair. And then could you just dig into the restaurant rent collections a little bit more? What were the collections like on quick service versus full service? And then what gives you confidence that full-service tenants can survive this or be able to pay back deferred rent given what's likely to be a diminished business for a while?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. No, look, there was a differentiation between what was collected with regards to we had quick service we have essentially 27%. Don mentioned a 1/ 4, about 27% total in restaurants. Roughly 37% would be QSRs and the fast food, and then less than 20% from full service.
Don Wood: And Greg, let me jump on the point about what makes us think we can go forward with respect to that because that's a real important one. We have circled about 35 tenants, restaurant tenants, that were incredibly strong that we want to make sure open back up quickly. And when they do, they're such an important part of the shopping center? So we've circled we've actually authorized a $10 million fund that is available for tenants to effectively reopen, only select restaurant tenants that we've designated to effectively go there. That we are in the early stages of that because that's not PPP money that we're talking about. It's not specifically tied to the employees of those restaurants. It's about getting them back open and the working capital necessary to get them back open. We're not going to do that with failing restaurants. We're only doing that with our strong restaurants who've come in but are challenged today financially to be able to get that initial start going back. So it's an important part of what we do in terms of our merchandising of a shopping center and mixed-use property, but it's one that we're highly focused on to make sure we're investing in the best ones.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Christy McElroy with Citigroup.
Christy McElroy: Hi, good morning. Thank you, Don. I just wanted to follow-up on some of the comments you made in the opening remarks about your markets and demographics. And so on one hand, you're in coastal market, but it seems like things are shut down longer, but you also have higher-income demographics that may not be as impacted in terms of job losses. But you also have a longer-term trend here of potentially greater work-from-home trends that could result in more people moving to lower cost of living markets that could impact that historical high wage job centers that you discussed. How are you thinking about all these factors today, not just from a retail perspective but office and [resi] as well?
Don Wood: Yes. Christy, first of all, who knows, right? It's this is really it's really hard to predict where we're going to go other than to say, I believe think about yourself, think how and your team and how comfortable you've gotten with services, the level of services that you've had over the past five or six or seven years. I don't believe that those urban and you're not as urban as some of the folks in your spot, but those urban folks are going to move out to second- and third-tier suburbs. It's just too it's too much of a drop-off in what was available to them. But I do believe in those first-tier suburbs, which where we are, the ability to have it all. I do think there's this is going to be a resurgence for cars and your own personal transportation device as opposed to mass transit for a while and maybe longer in a while. I don't know. We'll see how that plays out, but I think that's critical. The other thing, and I don't know if this if, I don't whether we disclosed this or not, but I find this interesting. In our big 3, the Assembly Row, Pike & Rose and Santana Row, all of whom are in those that first-tier suburban area, right, while we absolutely did not collect a lot of the lifestyle rent on the retail side, overall, we collected 2/3 of the rent due in those properties because of the residential, because of the office component to it. So the notion of those places as kind of centers of jobs, those places the centers of living and the new style for doing, it. I think we're right in the middle of it. Right where we belong. So the specifics to your question, right, we'll have to see. Let's see how it plays out. But at the end of the day, the real estate is sure conducive to where the jobs are, whether they're at home or in the existing place that they're at or and certainly for the retailers to be able to create sales and value there. So I'm feeling pretty good about the position.
Christy McElroy: Okay. I agree. I'm probably an anomaly in terms of where I live. I understand your dividend payment track record and the importance of that, but the dividend can be an annual payment. Just you're doing a lot to shore up liquidity in terms of including the new term loan. Can you discuss the Board's decision not to just sort of suspend the payment for now given the current environment and sort of take a more of a wait-and-see approach?
Don Wood: Very, very much so. Listen, a lot of people are would say, and I've seen it in some of the notes, "Well, Federal is very proud of their long-term dividend record, and that's why they keep making their payments or that's why they made their payment." That's not true. Well, it is true that we're proud. But the reason the biggest single reason to continue our dividend payment to the extent we can, and as Dan said, we'll evaluate it every three months, and I'll get to your annual question in a minute, is because on the other side of this, down the road, there's going to have to be equity issued. And the ability to effectively look back at 2020 and say, the company was able effectively to maintain that very important part of total return for a shareholder is really important in our view. And so today, as we as we understand where our ability to access capital is, how that is going, and I think, as Dan alluded to, we'll have more to say about that in the next couple of weeks or whatever with additional financing, then we think it's important to, at this point, declare July. We'll absolutely reassess that come August with respect to the next payment. But the difference between simply annual and quarterly in the whole scheme of what is now today $1.4 billion worth of capacity is made sense for us to make an $80 million dividend declaration.
Christy McElroy: Okay, thank Don.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning. Hopefully, Lebanese Taverna is one of your restaurants that you're looking that's on that 25 to 35 list. So two questions from us. The first one, Don, is how do you when you're working with tenants, how do you make them realize that rents are contractual? That this is not some new era where suddenly tenants, I mean, we've even seen some big tenants take a loss where they suddenly can arbitrarily get this right to not pay? How do you enforce and make clear that tenants have to absolutely honor these contractual obligations and that this is not some new right that they now can use whenever they get into a distressed situation?
Don Wood: Boy, Alex, first of all, I don't know how to answer that question. I mean they understand that. It is a negotiation. There is there are businesses trying to take advantage of a situation to effectively void a contract. That's on I don't know why anybody would be surprised at that in a time like this. And so you take your legal rights, your contractual rights, you put them up against the viability of the company that you're talking about, your alternatives and where you think you can go and where you're going to be on the other side of this, and you see what you get, what you can get or what you need because, by the way, we want some stuff out of that contract, too. And so the negotiation starts. It's not about explaining to them their legal obligations. They understand their legal obligations. And the default rates default notices that we're sending make that very clear behind it. So yes, I don't know really how much more to add to that, that I could.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Don, that's helpful. And then the second question is you mentioned the value and the benefit of the office and the residential for your mixed-use as far as powering through the overall centers' rent collection. As you look at your portfolio across your lifestyle projects, your row projects and your traditional shopping center projects, are you noticing better trends with the mixed use because of that commercial element? Or is it really coming down to the particular tenant mix in that one center just by nature of the tenant mix they had was really the overall driver of why that center did better? I'm sort of curious if basically, if having the office and the residential provides more stability or if it really comes down to the tenant mix, in which case, a shopping center with a lot of essentials will maybe do better. And therefore, as you guys think about how you're going to tenant projects, tenant mix as you've always said, tenant mix becomes even more important.
Don Wood: Let's put it this way. First of all, we do believe that the residents, in particular in our mixed-use projects, because of the rents are generally and where we are, more affluent and, at least so far, have maintained their jobs more so than rental tenants in kind of a traditional use for an apartment where you're in an apartment because you can't afford a house. We don't generally have those type of tenants in the mixed-use places we have. So generally, I'm not surprised that we're collecting as well as we're collecting throughout those uses. They're there for a reason. They're there because of that amenitized base. And so if most of them have the wherewithal to pay and they've got the amenitized base down below, even though the amenitized base is less essential, if you will, as defined by grocer and drug in April and May, believe me, the stuff that's down there on the retail side of those mixed-use projects is essential on a longer-term basis because that's their life. That includes the right food. That includes the right shopping. That all of those pieces are critical to why they chose to live there in the first place. We're in the first two months of a global shutdown. Making long-term predictions about the collectability overall, whether it's those particular tenants or future tenants, is you can't take April rents to make that decision about going forward there. I feel the mix that we have moving toward urban mixed-use and even our grocery-anchored infill locations are all the trends that were there before will only be solidified on the other side of this pandemic. So that's how I view it.
Alexander Goldfarb: Don, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Shivani Sood with Deutsche Bank.
Don Wood: Shivani?
Leah Brady: Operator, let's move to the next question.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeremy Metz: Just following up, Don, on that last question and going back to your comments in the opening about the curbside and being a leader there, just given all the projects under way in planning, the big developments, the redevelopments, the box repositioning, you're looking at some of these industries being impacted, some down in May, potentially worse off or just even with just different future expansion plans. Is there any additional color here on just how you and the team are maybe shifting your plans around, if at all, as you envision curating some of these or any additional on the design or redesign at this point beyond just the curbside piece of it? Is it just on the margin? Or is there any wholesale rethinking in some cases here?
Don Wood: Yes. That's a good question, Jeremy. It's no, there has been no wholesale rethinking. I mean, effectively, and it does go back to what I was saying before, we if you think about physically where our places are and what advantages we have coming out of the recession based on those locations, then we want to exploit, as best we can, the advantages we see. Those advantages include, obviously, an enhanced level of service. Curbside is a big piece of it. But it will be the way we do curbside going forward that's the real differentiator. Think about how comfortable it is if you live in a community to use your shopping center for all if you could, for all purposes, for all services that you use. Sometimes you feel like strolling, sometimes you got 20 minutes and you got to pick something up and move along and everything in between. So we want to take advantage of our position that way. Certainly, open air versus enclosed, hard to imagine that's not an advantage. And so we want to take advantage of the formats that we have. Now coming out on the other side, to the extent we're looking at new projects, to your point, we will look at it with the best information we have at the time. But as I sit here on May seven or whatever day it is today in the middle of the crisis, I kind of like where we are and how we set this up despite what will clearly be a much tougher environment to produce results for the next quarter or two.
Jeremy Metz: Yes. I think that's fair. And then second one for me. Just a quick one here on Hoboken. I think you and your partner, they had some additional assets on the contract. Just wondering what the latest status is of those and possibly timing? And then if that's part of the capital plan Dan G. laid out building up some liquidity for? And then maybe on top of that, how should we think about executing the additional asset sales you had originally planned as the transaction markets open back up here?
Don Wood: Sure. The first of all, with respect to Hoboken, everything we thought going into Hoboken, we continue to think today. But as you would expect, the deals that were not done yet, we continue to look with our partner for other deals and have made some pretty good progress in moving some deals along. We're not going to close them right now. We're going to sit back. We're going to see how this all plays out. I believe, on the other side, we'll wind up picking that stuff back up, but let's see where we are at that point. So that's -- and that's the Hoboken piece to it. What's the second part of your question? I hate to do it again.
Leah Brady: Property sales?
Don Wood: Wait what?
Leah Brady: Property sales that are in the pipeline.
Don Wood: Yes. Property sales in the pipeline. Again, it's yes, I got you. Look, we're just going to take a pause on that right now. Hard to tell where those markets would be. You did see that we did close on Pasadena in the quarter, by the way, and at a sub-5% cap, which says something. But obviously, that deal was negotiated before.
Unidentified Company Representative: But they had the ability with full visibility of COVID to back out of the deal, and they didn't. And you're priced at a 4.5% cap, I think, says a lot about real estate quality even in this environment.
Don Wood: In terms of future asset sales that are on hold right now. We'll reevaluate later in the year.
Jeremy Metz: Yes thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller: Tenant fallout and run rate NOI erosion, do you think this is better, worse or the same as the GFC?
Don Wood: Gosh, Mike, so different, so, so different. I don't know the answer to your question. I really don't know whether it's not the same as the big recession. Obviously, it is a I mean, the globe has been closed down economically. There's I don't think anything that's been like that. And so as things start loosening up, I do think, as I said, we'll be one of the last to effectively have people have those jurisdictions restrictions come off. But I can also I also think it's less about having the restrictions come off and more about the populace getting comfortable and feeling safe in coming back out to the community, and that's going to happen that's already happening in the markets we're in today. I know I come to work every day, and I know that I've seen traffic in the states I'm in, Virginia and Maryland, that has continued to build, as I'm sure most of you have seen, and nothing has changed with respect to the restrictions, specifically, where we are. So as that builds back, the question is, how can we get these businesses back up? And effectively, how soon will the market accept them? I'm optimistic, but I do think we're talking about 2021 where we see some any kind of level of normalcy in activity.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. And then the press release, you talked about slower construction pace because of safety protocols. And I guess, do you see that as something that's just a temporary phenomenon or something along the lines of more of a new norm? And what are some examples of what's changed on the ground for the projects?
Dan Guglielmone: Like everything else, I think you'll see a slow comeback to "normalcy". But I do what those safety protocols are right now are specific distancing, specific rules with respect to cleanliness and masks and how many people can be working in a particular area. I do think that will for the projects that are closed down, as they come back up, I do believe those protocols will be in place. Whether they're in place forever or not remains to be seen. But it's stuff like that, which is, frankly, the same protocols that you see in a grocery store or anywhere else during the crisis, a lot of consistency.
Michael Mueller: Got it, okay. That is it, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Vince Tibone with Green Street Advisors.
Vince Tibone: Hey, good morning. Given your ability to access debt capital, would you consider levering up to go on offense on the acquisitions front over the next, say, year or so, if you think there are unique distressed investment opportunities out there?
Don Wood: We're going to talk about that, Vince, later in the year. It's a good question. Now, look, remember, everybody is levering up, whether they like it or not. Every retailer, every real estate company, etc.. From our perspective, I love that we came in here so well capitalized so that incremental levering up is not a strain on the business. So we will be able to talk about that and think about that. There may be distressed opportunities going forward. But as with everything, looking at those carefully and really deciding that that's where you're going to allocate your capital rather to kind of what you got, and as you know, we got a lot of stuff in the works and opportunities within the portfolio, personally, that's going to take precedent because we know what is it we're getting, and you never know what you're getting when you go after a distressed asset that way. So too early to say, but certainly something that will be on the radar later in the year.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. I think the way to think about that, the way we think about that is balance, and clearly, kind of maintaining balance through that. And look, while we're not raising equity at the stock level, we have the ability to kind of tap our assets and raise equity at the asset level very cost effectively, particularly even in this environment. So I think there's going to be balance from that perspective. And look, we do hope to be able to play a little offense, but we'll see and we'll know more as things unfold.
Vince Tibone: That's helpful color. One more, just switching gears a bit. I'm curious, how do you see second quarter rent payment disputes between tenants and landlords being resolved if you don't reach an agreement on rent deferral or rent abatement? If a tenant just says, I don't feel like I need to pay, but you have a legal contract, I mean, how does this get settled?
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey Mike, how are you. Not much, I'm on the Federal call. Something --
Leah Brady: Alex, can you please? I'm not sure, he's still in there. Vince, go ahead.
Don Wood: I'm sorry, Vince. I did hear your question.
Vince Tibone: Sorry, did you guys hear my question?
Don Wood: We did hear it. Somehow Goldfarb I don't know how he does this stuff. It's amazing.
Alexander Goldfarb: Sorry about that, Don.
Don Wood: Okay, Alex. Help me again, Vince, where are we going?
Leah Brady: Disputes with tenants who don't pay and we don't reach an agreement.
Don Wood: Look, at the end of the day, there has not been a rent nonpayment of rent so far, and we don't expect there to be, for which we have given up our rights. This is not unilateral. And so we've preserved our rights, either through default or effectively through the contract itself. And so it has to be resolved. It'll either be resolved I mean, the likelihood is that individual negotiations will resolve the vast majority of those contracts. For those companies that, frankly, can't pay because they'll wind up filing. We've seen a bunch already, we'll continue to see that. And the courts will effectively vet that out. Those are the two ways that effectively it happens. And so you should continue to see that through May and June, frankly.
Vince Tibone: Okay. Fair enough. If I could just sneak one more quick one in. Do you have any exposure to co-working operators in your office portfolio?
Don Wood: We do. We've got a Regus deal. That is signed down at CocoWalk for 40,000 feet or so. Every indication is that, that deal continues to go through. And then we have a small deal with them also, I think, at Pike & Rose on a floor, and they're under contract there. So that's it's limited, but that's what we got.
Vince Tibone: So and just to clarify, the one at Pike & Rose, that's they're already in place? Or that's a new lease?
Don Wood: That's been in place for years. No, that's been in place for years. It's a small lease. And then the big one is down in CocoWalk that has not that's still under construction being built out. And that's all we got.
Vince Tibone: Perfect, thank you. Thank you for the time.
Don Wood: You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Lucas with Capital One Securities.
Chris Lucas: Dan, on the credit facility balance, I guess, the question for me would be is there any plans to think about maybe locking that in longer-term with some long-term debt? And if you did, what sort of pricing would you get right now in the marketplace?
Dan Guglielmone: Interesting. Yes, our credit facility has a 2024 maturity. We have the right to extend it to 2025. So it's actually pretty well out there, and it's actually very, very attractively priced. So we have maximum flexibility there. Clearly, we are going to avail ourselves as an A-, A3-rated company. You've seen a lot of access a lot of peer companies in that credit rating access the market on a relative basis very, very attractively. We'll monitor the market and look to be opportunistic and nimble, kind of in, I think, the same range that you've seen Realty Income, Boston Properties, some of the other blue chip A-rated companies access the market and do it at the in an opportunistic way. So clearly, that's something that I think you've seen some data points out there, and we would expect to kind of be in that in and around that range.
Chris Lucas: Okay. And then my other question, Don, this may be a dumb question, but I'm going to ask it anyways, which is when you put a tenant into default, what are the consequences of that to the tenant? And how does that help or hurt your ability to sort of get them to where you want them to from a deal perspective?
Don Wood: No. It's a great question, Chris. That's not a dumb question at all. And the answer is it varies. The single biggest thing you got to think about is most companies, retailers and other companies, have in their credit agreements, in their financing somewhere the covenant that they got to be up and fully paid on their rental obligations. And so what we saw in early April was when we would threaten or go to default, we get paid. Now those same companies are trying to negotiate with their lenders to effectively get relief from that. So that particular provision, to the extent they're successful, will become the ability to default will be less impactful. But the bigger thing, especially for Federal, is on the other side of this. They need us in a lot of these productive locations. And the big R word, the relationship word, can't go one way. And so the notion of being able to work something through to be able to get paid and work has been extremely successful, frankly, in a number of the negotiations that we've got. But defaulting on an obligation, even under this big giant catch-all thing called COVID-19, which generally, you think, "Well, I can do anything I want because the whole world is shut down. There's another -- there's coming out the other side of this. And coming out the other side is there's got to be business happening. And that stuff is not paying a rental obligation and defaulting somebody and not having that be honored without negotiating it through is a pretty big black eye in terms of a negotiation. A - Wendy Seher Its one of the things that, it's Wendy, I just wanted to jump in and stress is that while there are certain outliers certainly in the negotiations that we're having day-to-day which are numerous, as Don mentioned, the retailer's want productive locations, they need them, they want to work themselves out of this.  We want to work out of this. So, there is a -- what I found and again there are outliers. There is a balance in the approach that we're seeing in the negotiation. So again everybody's trying to work out of this and gain production and I'm seeing that in our day-to-day conversations. The other thing that I want to point out, one more thing is what we're learning about the retailers has been beneficial to us because we're all in a time that we haven't been in before. So, we're learning things about the retailer. They're sharing more than they would share before and it's helping us as we think about how we want to move forward with our business plans. Q - Chris Lucas Thank you, for that.
Operator: Your next question is from Linda Tsai with Jefferies.
Linda Tsai: When you look at the low collection categories, which are about 1/3 of your ABR, what's the breakdown between national chains versus more local operators, and then maybe investment grade versus noninvestment grade?
Dan Guglielmone: Just looking through reams of data to see if we carved that up with respect to some of that specificity.
Dan Guglielmone: Maybe we just take it offline, Don?
Don Wood: Yes. We could probably take it offline, Linda. I don't think we've got that sliced and diced in that way with regards to just our the lower quality I mean, the kind of the lower collection peers. I mean if you look at page three on our portfolio composition and our COVID business update, that gives you kind of the overall portfolio, but we don't have it necessarily carved up. So let's follow up offline.
Linda Tsai: Okay. And then as the states are concentrated and start to open up, it seems like restaurants would see their businesses recover faster since a lot of them are already open. But any sense of the pace of top line how the pace of the top line would recover for the other low collectors? Or what these tenants are saying in your conversations with them?
Don Wood: Yes. I just think it's different by jurisdiction by jurisdiction. It's just too early to tell kind of how that top line is going to come out of it. I think it's too we'll see.
Wendy Seher: Yes. It's ultimately based on what the consumer how the consumer feels about coming out and reengaging. So that's why it's so important from an operational standpoint that we're taking all the steps with the curbside pickup and all the operational initiatives that we're taking so that, that customer can feel comfortable and safe and reengage as soon as possible.
Linda Tsai: And just one final one. What's your longer-term perspective on fitness tenants? I know it's only 4% of ABR and you have a mix of traditional and boutique fitness chains, but what's the right mix in your view as it relates to customer demand? And then also the creditworthiness of these tenants?
Dan Guglielmone: Linda, it depends in Life Time Fitness is a good example of a company that paid their obligations. We don't have any Life Time Fitness, but they paid their obligations in April. They're very optimistic about where they're going to come out on the other side. When I look at fitness, I think it's a critically important category in the type of shopping centers and mixed-use properties that we have. Do I think that people are getting used to exercising at home? Will that stay there? I'm a big social guy, so I very much believe in the re-socialization, if you will, and the importance of health clubs. Now when they open up, obviously, they're going to open up with restrictions in terms of the capacities and the number of people that can be in there and the space between them. How that plays out over time? I don't know. Is there a place for fitness in the long-term future? Absolutely, from my perspective. Your next question is from the line of Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point.
Floris van Dijkum: A question I had on the PPP funds, and particularly regarding your restaurant business. The fact that you're setting up your own $10 million funds, presumably, those are loans or grants that you're going to give to the to your restaurant tenants. Does that how what percentage of your restaurants have applied for PPP loans? Do you have any insight into that? And then what they've been granted as well? And is this to replace the, or to augment, the PPP funds potentially?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. No, I understand your question. And these are completely separate. So I don't have an answer to the applications, I don't think we do, of how many of our restaurants have applied or received.
Dan Guglielmone: Most or all have applied.
Leah Brady: Yes. Most of them have.
Floris van Dijkum: But received?
Dan Guglielmone: We dont know.
Don Wood: I mean we don't know, right?
Leah Brady: At least half.
Don Wood: Really?
Leah Brady: Yes.
Don Wood: I just got some good news here. Half of our restaurants have received PPP loans. But what we see in our what we're doing, it's a different purpose. First of all, they are loans, not grants, under our program. And what they're about the PPP money is in order for it to be forgiven, has to be used largely for retaining employees. In our jurisdictions, they're not open yet. And so one of the things we saw as a problem with the way PPP was working was a timing issue. The difference between when that money would be available, what it could be used for versus what we're trying to do is pick our best players not it's not available to everybody, just our best players, and effectively make sure that we can shorten the time by giving them loaning them those proceeds for equipment start-up, restocking, inventories, things like that, so that they can get open sooner. So it's a very different purpose, and obviously, it's very limited relative, obviously, to the PPP program.
Floris van Dijkum: Got it. One other question maybe for me. I note that J. Crew has crept into your top 25. Can you maybe comment generally on your what you deem to be your at-risk tenants? Whether on average, they have rents that are above or below market? And what kind of potential impact it would be to re-tenant some of those? And maybe and how many of the J. Crew locations do you expect to retain following the bankruptcy?\
Don Wood: Still early to tell, but we've got about 11. We've got five J. Crews and six Madewells. When I look down the list, they are all productive places. And so I would expect I don't know for sure yet, but I would expect J. Crew to want to restructure those deals and not reject those deals, which really makes them just like everybody else out there who's entering the negotiation phase. So I don't know. But when you look at where ours are, we've got both a Madewell and a J. Crew at The Grove in Shrewsbury at Barracks Road in Charlottesville and Third Street Promenade, and then another at Santana, another at The Point. These are they're at really good locations. And so in terms of being able to either cut a deal with them or backfill them, I feel pretty darn good. They're in our best places.
Floris van Dijkum: Great. And in terms of your other at risk, do you feel as comfortable about those? Or --
Don Wood: No, no. I mean, of course, I don't feel comfortable about anything. We're in the middle of a pandemic here for Pete's sake. And so we've got tenants that haven't paid, and we're working through the negotiations. So no, look, I can't on the call go through the top 25, one through 25 with you. Dan can do that with you separately. But at the end of the day, I got to look at the real estate, and I feel pretty darn good about the real estate. I hope that helps.
Floris van Dijkum: Yes, that's great. Thanks, Don.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back to Leah Brady.
Leah Brady: Thanks everyone for your time today. I hope everyone stays safe.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation and exit you now, disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-11 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Federal Realty Investment Trust Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Leah Brady. Thank you. You may begin.
Leah Brady: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realtys fourth quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G, Jeff Berkes, Wendy Seher, Dawn Becker, and Melissa Solis. Theyll be available to take your questions at conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realtys future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from information in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday are in a report filed on our Form 10-K and other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. These documents are available on our website. Given the number of participants on the call, we kindly ask that you limit your questions to one or two per person during the Q&A portion of the call. If you have additional questions, please feel free to jump back in the queue. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin the discussion of our fourth quarter results. Don?
Don Wood: Thank you, Leah, and good morning, everyone. So, for the 10th year in a row, FFO per share was higher than the previous year, excluding of course last quarters Kmart real estate acquisition charge to the income statement for accounting purposes. And barring some unforeseen collapse, 2020 will be the 11th year in a row, as Dan will talk about in a few minutes. Please let that sink in. We've grown earnings, bottom line earnings, every single year over this past decade and expect to do so again next year. Yes, growth has slowed as the industry continues to morph into something different. But it's still growth and there's not a single other publicly traded strip here that can make that claim. In fact, of nearly 200 US equity REITs in every sector, less than 5% were able to grow FFO per share each year. Not surprisingly those companies have a combined average multiple of nearly 21 times. One of the things that differentiated Federal a decade ago when growth slowed following the 2008 recession, with the way we relied on our balance sheet strength and broad skill sets to move forward with initiatives that would power us in the years that followed, but which were not helpful with generating immediate earnings. We aggressively move forward with master plans for Pike & Rose, Assembly Row, other long-term initiatives despite the challenging environment. And as a result, we were able to outperform a sentiment change because we were that far ahead. This feels like that to me. This time, rather than dealing with a broader recession and planning large decade long mixed use projects, we're dealing with oversupply and changing consumer preferences. But we're doing equally forward thinking things. Things like doubling down on already successful mixed use communities with less risky and mostly non-retail additional phases that capitalize on the communities we've already established. We'll construct a new midsized projects like CocoWalk in Miami and Darien Shopping Center at Connecticut and listening to what retailers, restaurants and the communities they serve tell us about what's important to them. By the way, if you look at our year-end balance sheet, you'll note $760 million of construction and process, more than we've ever had in our long history. We're aggressively moving forward with solidifying our core portfolio by proactively acknowledging the haves and have nots among retailers and shopping center environments. We're beefing up incredibly well-located high quality centers for the next decade with better tenancy, with alternative and additional uses, and with attractive place making using sustainable methods and environments. For recycling assets with little opportunity for future growth, nearly $300 million worth at that Plaza Pacoima, Free State Shopping Center, the office of our retail building in Hermosa Beach, California, and the Kohls portion of San Antonio Center. And we're reinvesting those proceeds in far better opportunities in Hoboken, New Jersey; Brooklyn, New York; Fairfax, Virginia. In other words, in a naturally cyclical business, we're always focused on growing long-term FFO per share no matter what the current environment looks like. So, let's talk about the transactions that closed in the fourth quarter to demonstrate the point. We did what we said we would do. First, we received the full $155 million in December from the Los Altos, California School District for the 12-acre portion of San Antonio Center through the condemnation process we've been discussing for months now. The elevated cash position on our year-end balance sheet reflects this. And while we have the obligation to use a portion of those proceeds to pay existing tenants on the site, the timing and amount of those payments is uncertain at this time, but the net value to us is more than a little impressive. We also closed on [indiscernible] anchored plaza deployment in Los Angeles in the quarter for $51 million. When these fourth quarter dispositions are combined with the sales of Hermosa, Free State and a couple of smaller parcels earlier in the year, $300 million of capital was raised at a mid-4 cap rate based on expected 2020 cash flows. And when we recycle that capital into Hoboken, New Jersey where 37 of the 39 buildings we bought in our new partnership closed in the fourth quarter. The other two buildings have closed this month -- closed in the fourth quarter. The other two buildings are closed this month. We also closed on Georgetowne Shopping Center in Brooklyn and in January, the retail strip adjacent to our previous holdings, in Fairfax, Virginia. Basically $300 million invested in properties, which generate a going in yield modestly in excess of the assets that were sold, with an IRR that's 200 basis points higher. And we expect to be able to expand further given that hope of a partnership and the opportunities we're seeing. Transactionally, the fourth quarter was extremely active, operationally, it was two. We ended 2019 having signed 457 retail and office leases for nearly 1.9 million square feet and average rents of $41 a foot. And we signed more than 2,300 residential leases at average rents of $2.82 per foot, $34 per foot per year. Just the retail and office leases combined created $77 million of growing annual contractual rent obligations for the next seven-plus years. Our rental stream comes from an incredibly diverse set of retail, office and residential tenants. On the development side, were incredibly active with 700 Santana Row complete and just turned over to Splunk last week. $210 million, which is on budget, and yielding 7.5%. This building is a homerun at the end of the street and including Santana Row and really something you should check out on your next trip to North  Northern California. Its impressive. Across the street, at Santana West, construction is well underway, roughly $100 million of spend in 2020, $150 million of spend in 2021 with no income until 2022. Strong interest in the building at this very early stage was encouraging. Full blown construction at Assembly, on both the residential and the office building, continues unabated. Both projects are on schedule and on budget, roughly $200 million of spending 2020, $100 million in 2021 with no significant income contribution until late 2021. This is one big development phase that will really change the feel of Assembly Row. PUMAs North American headquarters as the office anchor there. Construction of 909 Rose, the flagship office building at Pike & Rose that will house Federals new headquarters in August of this year is on budget, is on schedule with roughly $50 million in spend expected in 2020. We're currently trading paper with other tenants for more than 40,000 square feet in line with our underwriting. CocoWalk is moving along beautifully with 87% of the retail space and 57% of the office space spoken for under signed lease or fully executed LOI. Another $30 million of capital is programmed there for 2020, and they will begin to be generated here later this year. And finally, we can now say that demolition and construction are underway at Darien where we will completely change the character of the grocery anchored shopping center where we will add 75,000 square feet of new lifestyle oriented retail space to complement our strong equinox asset banker, 122 apartments and 720 parking spaces directly adjacent to the Noroton train station in Darien. $120 million and an incremental 6% yield with $25 million spend in 2020 and most of the balance beyond that. No incremental income here this year or next. Id go to the status of just those large development projects for obvious reasons. Our balance sheet at year-end shows $760 million of construction in progress. And while the Splunk building at Santana delivers this year and will reduce that number, an additional $400 million or so will be added in 2020 and $300 million in 2021 before these projects are turned over to rent-paying tenants after that. Back to the remarks I made initially, we're doing a ton of investing in leading edge real estate projects in markets as we look toward a very bright but different future with changing consumer demands and retailer business plans. We expect to be at the forefront of that change, all while continuing to grow FFO per share, albeit, more slowly in the near term. So, that's about it from my prepared remarks. All the focus on short-term occupancy, current earnings, and list of expectations at this uncertain time is understandable and it's certainly important. But the company's clear path to growth and mid- and long-term relevancy of its real estate long after the current vacancies have been leased up is in our view far more important. Let me turn it over to Dan before addressing the questions. Dan?
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. Another record year of FFO per share as we posted $1.58 for the fourth quarter with the full year for 2019 at $6.33, as adjusted for the acquisition of the Kmart Assembly. An uptick in FFO versus the same period in 2018, and remember, in 2019, we faced an increase in G&A of roughly $0.02 per quarter from the new lease accounting standard. The numbers in the fourth quarter were driven primarily due to higher term fees and higher rental income than last year offset by a shift in timing on property level expenses, both from real estate taxes were a meaningful forecasted tax refund was pushed into 2020 and non-recoverable property level expenses which were pulled forward from 2020. Both of these are primarily timing issues that should come back to us positively in 2020, but represented roughly $0.02 of drag in the quarter versus forecast. While this quarterly FFO results may seem muted, this was driven primarily by timing and we had a really successful quarter in terms of all the positive activity Don highlighted in his comments. Our comparable POI metric came it at 2.4% for the fourth quarter and 2.9% for the year basically in line with our previously increased annual guidance. With respect to retail space rollover, the 99% comparable retail leases during the fourth quarter were 462,000 square feet were written at an average rent of $37.87 per foot, 7% higher than the prior rent. Those results closely track the 379 full year 2019 comparable deals which were written at $40.48 on average or 8% higher than the deals they replaced. Our portfolio remains well leased at 94.2% though we do expect that to move lower than the first half of 2020. While we dont typically provide guidance on our occupancy metrics, given the aggressive level of proactively leasing and some of the recent retailer fall out, we expect our occupancy metrics will trough in the first half of 2020 to the mid 93% level for least and the mid 91% range for occupied. However, we should see a steady rebound back up to historic levels over the latter half of 2020 and into 2021 given our strong pipeline of leasing activity. A few additional comments I'd like to highlight in our disclosure this quarter that further demonstrate the strength in our business that is not directly reflected in the quarter numbers. On our development schedules in the Form 8-K, please note on page 17, we closed out another $50 million in projects and four of them on time and on budget. And on page 18, we raised our projected yield on $0.01 NOS to 7% reflecting continued strength in rental growth that add sub-market for the amenitized office product we offer there. Now why do I mention this? Its because the redevelopment and mixed use development we do is challenging and it's really difficult to execute effectively through Federals experience and 20-year track record, we have meaningfully de-risked these parts of our business model. Now, we'll turn to 2020 guidance. We have formally provided a range of $6.40 cents to $6.58 per share. This formal guidance takes into consideration some of the projected tenant failures that have occurred since late October 3Q call; A.C. Moore, Pier 1 and Fairway the most prominent. We felt it prudent to take a more conservative posture as these restructurings play out. This range represents 2.5% growth in 2020 FFO at the midpoint. While this guidance range reflects some discrete headwinds facing us in 2020, which I will get to shortly, our diversified platform is executing on all cylinders, as evidenced by delivering 700 Santana Row to Splunk last week get returned in the mid 70s. The stabilization of the phase 2s at assembly in Pike & Rose, delivery of smaller projects over the course of 2020 including the Primestor JVs Freedom Plaza, aka Jordan Downs, beginning delivery to start this year. Bala Cynwyd Residential opening in Q2 and a newly renovated CocoWalk expected to start delivering to tenants in the second half of the year. While none of these smaller projects will meaningfully add to 2020, they will be additive in 2021. We also have the stabilization of the $50 million of redevelopment at a blended incremental yield averaging 9%, and we also have a core portfolio excluding headwinds caused by term fees, repositioning and recent tenant failures which otherwise would deliver comparable growth in the 2.5% to 3% range. Also note that we executed on roughly $300 million of new investments and over $300 million of non-core asset dispositions during 2019 which will be a couple cents accretive in 2020. But provide more meaningful value creation and growth over the longer-term. Whether other retail REIT can tell an asset recycling program that's accretive to FFO in year one. These items together would drive FFO per share growth into the 6% to 7% range if not for some discrete but somewhat disproportionate headwinds. Let me give some additional color. First, term fees, we had a record year in 2019, earning over $14 million in gross fees. Whether it provides headwinds or tailwinds, we include term fees in our metrics because it is part of our business and the overall strength of our lease contracts provide us with a competitive advantage we can leverage over time. While we expect a strong year again in 2020, we do not forecast getting back to 2019s levels and therefore forecast a meaningful drag here. A second headwind. Late last year, we identified several attractive, proactive remerchandising and repositioning opportunities across our portfolio. And continue to evaluate additional opportunities, which will drive significant longer-term value creation, but at the expense of 2020 FFO. Changing out struggling retailers, we have limited runway in terms of long-term relevancy and replacing them with tenants who we project to be thriving in 2030 and beyond will be another source of 2020 drag. Add in the forecast that impact the more recently announced retail failures on top of those previously identified such as Dress Barn. And collectively these items get us to a range of 1% to 4% FFO growth in 2020. With respect to other assumptions behind our guidance, comparable POI growth is expected to be at 0% to 2%, which reflects the headwinds we just highlighted. The first and second quarters of 2020 will be the weakest and may even be negative due to term fee drag. We assume roughly 100 basis points of credit reserve comprised the bad debt expense, unexpected vacancy, and rent relief. This is roughly in line with past years projected reserves and actuals. Please note that projected lost revenues from the recently announced tenant failures previously mentioned have been incorporated into our guidance and are not part of this reserve. With respect to G&A, we forecast roughly $11 million per quarter, up modestly from 2019s run rate. On the capital side, we project spend on development and redevelopment of roughly $450 million to $500 million. As is our custom, this guidance assumes no acquisitions or dispositions over the course of the year. We will adjust guidance for those as we go. And finally, were projecting roughly $60 million to $80 million of free cash flow generation after dividends and maintenance capital. Now, onto the balance sheet, as is become a Federal Realty custom, we have positioned our capital structure exceptionally well to handle the current wave of value creating development or redevelopment activity at the company. We finished the year with over $100 million of excess cash and nothing outstanding on our newly expanded and extended $1 billion credit facility. As a result, our net debt to EBITDA now runs at 5.5 times, our fixed charge coverage ratio hold steady at 4.2 times, our weighted average debt maturity remains near the top of the sector at 10-plus years, and the weighted average interest rate on our debt stands at 3.8%, with all of it effectively fixed. Our A-rated balance sheet equipped with a diversity of low cost funding sources allows us to execute our diversified business plan with a meaningful  meaningfully lower cost of capital than anyone in the sector which is another way we derisk the development activities we have underway. Our game plan for 2020 has all the components in place to position Federal for sustainable outperformance in both FFO and NAV growth over the next decade. That's all I have for my prepared remarks and we look forward to seeing many of you in Florida in a few weeks. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. Just first question on the guidance. If you look at the FFO range you put out versus the goal post you talk about on the last call, you mentioned that you see more fairway and some others, I think, affected things. Was there also a decision to start more redevelopment? Is that also causing any additional drag versus what you expected last quarter?
Dan Guglielmone: No. No. I think -- by the way. Good morning. Yeah. We  the re  additional redevelopments really didn't come into, it was really just taking a more conservative posture as we look at some of the news that has come out since late October 3.5 months ago. Really that's  that was the primary driver.
Nick Yulico: Okay. That's helpful, Dan. And then I guess just the second question is as we think about this year and you talked about the earnings growth being affected by a few significant move outs that are unrelated to tenant bankruptcies. Youve always been, sort of, ahead of the curve in terms of remerchandising boxes, but this year is clearly a more impacted year than most. So, what I'm wondering is, is this a function of the retail environment and is it going to be a new theme in the federal portfolio? How should we think about our risk of there being a similar type of downturn  downtime vacancy impact in 2021?
Don Wood: Yeah, Nick. Well, let me start on that. We've taken a very holistic approach to all of our centers and really trying to take a look at where we believe these things will be more powerful in 2025 and 2026. And that means the notion of place and place making is a much  it's always been an important part of what we do but it's a  it's a more important  it's a bigger focus in terms of what we're creating including the type of co-tenancy that is happening there. Clearly, less clothing, if you will, more experiential type of stuff including health and beauty; including food and different food sources. So, we look at this holistically as a major change in how retail and centers including mixed use Centers serve their communities over the next 10 years. And as you know, our staff is not in the middle of the country generally. It's sitting in the coast and in populated areas with lots of money and lots of people around. And so, we are forward thinking, if you will, in terms of that. And it's not just about backfill and space. So, does this continue? Yeah, I do think it continues because I think this is a major change in how people are going about their lives when it comes to interacting with retail. But we do it on a balanced basis and there's nothing more important than that to us to know that as a public company we can't tell you, well, our earnings are going down but it's going to be great in the future. We need to balance both of those things, current earnings along with the sustainability of great real estate. And that's the needle that we thread.
Nick Yulico: All right, Don, that make makes sense. Just last question is on the re-leasing progress on the spaces that are a drag on 2020, NOI, for example, Kmart, Assembly, Stop & Shop, Darien, and Banana Republic at Third Street in Santa Monica.
Don Wood: Yeah. Let me go through those because those are big ones. The Kmart at Assembly we may temporary lease up the space. But the purpose of that was thats an acquisition to be developed and that will be a continuation of Assembly Row. Now, we've got entitlements to do. That takes couple of years. The timing and the planning is necessary so we'll certainly look for some kind of mitigation, if you will, of the lost Kmart rent. But it's not the driver. The driver is the value that will be created on that 6 acres which is why I still don't understand the accounting that has to go through the P&L, frankly. That is an acquisition all day long. Come up to Darien, we are now under construction. That Stop & Shop is not going away. And so as a result that will be a completely different use on that parcel. And so you won't see income contributed there. We're not trying to backfill the Stop & Shop. We'll knock it down. And so the whole notion there is how to create a whole bunch of value on a piece of land that was obsolete. That shopping center wasn't needed as another grocery and acreage shopping center with that train station. So, look forward to that in the coming years. In terms of Banana, Jeff, I don't know how much you want to say at this point, but we're making some real progress on backfilling that at an incremental rate.
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. Thanks, Don. And, Nick, we can tell you more hopefully next quarter. We're down the road but not to the point where we can really give a lot of detail on the leasing part of us there because we're in negotiations. So, more to come on that one, but trending in the right direction.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Christy McElroy: Hey. Good morning, guys, and thanks for the call out on our conference for promoting it. In terms of  Don, you talked about $400 million of additional spend in 2020, $300 million in 2021. I know you have many options for capital raising to fund that, but just sort of generally how should we think about the mix. Dan, you said free cash flow this year is $60 million to $80 million, you've also got equity issuance as an option, but how should we think about the potential for additional dispositions as well?
Dan Guglielmone: You know that will always be part of our plan, Christy. So, first of all, let's start with the balance sheet that you're looking at which adds over $120 million of cash on it. So, starting out with a balance sheet that, as you know, is about as strong as can be, including a completely unutilized billion-dollar credit line. So, that's not a bad start. On top of that, there's no doubt we will continue to recycle the portfolio that you should still assume and I cant  I'd love to say $150 million or $200 million of dispositions, but the reality is that's very opportunistic and it depends. We just did $300 million last year. We did much less than that the year before. I don't know exactly where that will be is 2020, but it's part of the program, it's part of the capitalization if you will of the company, and we're comfortable in doing that because of the uses of capital that we have to reinvest. So, between the existing balance sheet capability along with asset sales, along with cash flow generated by the business, we're more than covered I think as kind of we've shown you in the past 10 years.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then Dan thanks for all the color on sort of the drivers behind the comp POI range. I'm wondering if there's any properties that are sort of entering the pool in 2020 that have sort of an impact there. And then in regard to the term fees, it sounds like they'll be relatively backend loaded through the year. I'm wondering if you could say how the 2020 absolute amount is supposed to come out in FFO relative to the $14 million in 2019.
Dan Guglielmone: Okay. Well, maybe I'll start with the term fee question. $14 million is significantly in excess of our 20-year average which typically is about $5 million per year, per annum, and over the last 10 years, it's been about $6 million per annum. Maybe a better way to look at it because we've grown over time is it's roughly 80, 90 basis points of total revenues. So that creates a bookend of maybe $5 million to $8 million of term fees which is kind of what we have currently in the range. We don't expect to get back to the $14 million level. I wouldn't say necessarily it's backend weighted. We'll probably have a little bit of a tougher headwind in the first quarter from term fees because we had such a big one in the first quarter of 2019
Christy McElroy: Got it, Dan.
Dan Guglielmone: with the lowest term fee at supply. And then with regard to your first question, could you just repeat it?
Christy McElroy: Yes, sir. Just whats entering the pool in 2020 that might have an impact there?
Dan Guglielmone: There will be some things moving around. I mean, I think that we're  but there won't be materially kind of moving things. We are going to move the residential assembly at Assembly Row into the pool. We're going to be moving phase one of Pike & Rose roads as well as the residential and phase two into the comparable pool, and we'll probably also be moving Towson Residential. But all of those have stabilized. And so, there won't be a material boost that you'll see from those entering the pool. They've stabilized in kind of one year seasoning we do as part of that methodology for comparable. But you won't see a big boost there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Samir Khanal: Hey. Good morning, guys. I guess just shifting subjects a little bit here on the acquisition front. You guys were pretty active in 2019 kind of wondering what's in the pipeline at this time.
Dan Guglielmone: Samir, you don't want me to give you the LOIs that weve got, right? I mean at the end of the day, the  our pipeline for acquisitions does change all the time. There is no question that we were heavily focused on the New York Metropolitan Area in 2019 and that will stay. So, we will continue to try to increase our holdings in those in those markets where we've just entered. But that doesn't mean that that  and by the way, the same thing for the Northern Virginia market. That doesn't mean something else won't pop up. One of the things that we are noticing right now are clearly more sellers who are who are looking to get out for all the reasons you would assume. The trick for us is making sure that we're picking up assets that we believe in the long term for. That could even be a box center in the appropriate place  in a place or two, but it's it really depends on the metrics. So there isn't anything that is imminent at this point but you should see us active, if you will, throughout 2020 particularly in the areas that we targeted for future growth.
Samir Khanal: And what about on the disposition side? I know you guys you kind of had the strategy to sort of dispose someone non-core assets. Yeah. You were a little bit active last year. I mean what we  how should we be thinking about that sort of disposition volume possibly in 2020 from the modeling perspective?
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah I don't know how to say too much more than I did on the first question, Nick. Weather  I don't know the number is $150 million or $200 million or what it should be. I will tell you we've identified assets that we would like to dispose of because we have things to spend that capital on. But in the preparation for the  those packages and figuring out what the market  what makes sense in the marketplace, we do that very opportunistically. And so there is not a budgeted number, if you will, that you can just put in the model of how much dispositions we would have. You should assume that anywhere from 0 to $200 million or $250 million dollars is what we have historically done and will approach it the same way in 2020 as we have over that period of time.
Samir Khanal: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Derek Johnston: Hi. Good morning, everyone. So, we're going urban. So, Hoboken and now Brooklyn. Can you go through the near-term opportunity at Georgetowne Shopping Center? Mark-to-market opportunities, merchandising improvements, your planning, I mean, they have a Fairway, they had a Dress Barn and a GameStop, a buffet, to be fair, some stronger retailers, Starbucks, Carter's, Five Below, Chipotle. So, the question is, what's the near term plan? And where are you actually going with this longer-term? It's a 9-acre parcel and theres 575 parking spaces.
Dan Guglielmone: So, Derek, let me just start something and then Ill ask Wendy to jump in there after that. But, were going urban, I mean we build around the density and the population centers. So, I don't think theres any change in Brooklyn, New York then there is of  or Bethesda, Maryland or Santa Monica, California or Fairfax County, Virginia. That is what we are, were those close in suburbs, if you will, of major CBDs. And so, I think, frankly, a grocery-anchored shopping center with the density that Brooklyn has at the price that we got at that was hard to pass up, to tell you the truth. And, obviously, we underwrote the weakness in Fairway as the  as part of that underwriting process, didn't know and still don't know, the timing, in particular, of what we can do there. But we know that demand for grocery there is ridiculously strong. And so, you should assume that that will be a grocery-anchored shopping center in the middle of a very densely populated area, with rate upside based on how it was previously managed and run compared with how we will prospectively run that shopping center. So, you shouldn't expect it to be torn down and something else happening there. You should expect that they are really in my view, hopefully better run, higher rent, better acre park, open parking lot in the middle of Brooklyn.
Derek Johnston: Okay. And then San Antonio Center. Certainly, you've seems to have worked out fine. I think you guys paid around $62 million in 2015. So, it was sold under a combination for the $155 million. When will you have to pay out the tenant award portion from the proceeds? And can you share how that's determined and how that works?
Don Wood: Jeff, you want to take it carefully?
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. It's going to play out over the next couple of years. And we've been able to work things out with most of the tenants but not all the tenants, so still on that. The process is relatively straightforward and mechanical but going to start- not going to start for a couple of years. So, Don, I dont know if there's much more than that that we would want to add.
Don Wood: Well, the only thing I would point you to  maybe point you to is financial statements where there is a recorded gain and obviously, inherent in that gain is an estimation of the expenses that are that have to be paid out, so I hope thats helpful. And you should know that that is by design very conservative.
Derek Johnston: Thank you, everyone.
Don Wood: It's very conservative but it's actually in excess of what we expected. And we had kind of guided folks to kind of net proceeds after those payments of $90 million to $100 million. And net-net, we're closer to $110 million. So  and thats where the conservative estimate. So, obviously, a good result and better than we had we had hoped.
Derek Johnston: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. On page 17, you break out the delivered projects which are recurring at 9% and then the active redevelopment projects which are delivering at 6%. I wonder if the 6% is the new norm or is this just a temporary mix issue.
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah. Well, a little bit of both, Craig. I think it's a great question. The result is  the reality is the construction costs are high, and they are significantly higher than they were a couple of years ago as we started these other projects. So there are steps that certainly part of it. Call it, I don't know whether it's half of the difference or whatever else. The other half is certainly mix, certainly mix. And you can see that Darien has a disproportionate piece in that. That's a complete redevelopment of a shopping center. And one of the reasons we're willing to do at Darien or something like that at an incremental 6% is because of the nature of the project and where we believe the future in that asset goes. This is the same as putting a pad out on a  out in front of a shopping center where the new income is the new income, and thats where it will be for 10 years. At something like Darien with a big residential component, too, you should say, Darien too, and well do Darien at 6% because of the incremental rent increases we expect to get, not on the residential side but in terms of the lifestyle part of the center as it gains traction. So youve got a big mix component in that but also, as Ive said, construction costs are up.
Craig Schmidt: Great. And then in terms of re-leasing like A.C. Moore or Pier 1, can any of that occur before the end of 2020 or is that all a 2021 event?
Dan Guglielmone: There's nothing better than me looking at Wendy Seher right now and because I love that you asked that question. Wendy?
Wendy Seher: Thank you, Craig. I do think that we will be able to do some other re-leasing and get those documents signed in 2020. In terms of them opening, I think you'll see that more in 2021, but we do have some strong activity in the pipeline right now which gives me encouragement that we will get a fair amount of it done in 2020.
Craig Schmidt: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Metz: Hey. Good morning. Don, Dan, I just want to go back to the growth topic again. You guys mentioned growth this year, growth next year, and obviously appreciating you're in this for the long game also specifically detailed a number of projects in your opening remarks which is clearly helpful. But sounds like income will be a little more phased and possibly backend loaded through 2021. So, just broadly thinking about a bridge, is it a fair for us to be thinking we should have some temporary expectations at this point for any sort of big reacceleration or any reacceleration of growth next year? Obviously, recognizing those number of the moving pieces in the pipeline and the repositioning as you guys have talked about?
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah. Jeremy, you understand it well and youve kind of laid it out really well there. There's a lot  there's clearly uncertainty in our business. Id love what were doing in terms of what were  what the capital that were putting to work, its contribution as you said will be later in 2021. The big question and answer to your question is how many holds are there at the bottom of the bucket. And thats what is for anybody in this space  in retail space the big unknown. And so, it does make us  it does make it harder to predict. It does make it harder to say, okay, growth will go back to this number on May 6, 2022 or something like that. But all we think we should be able  should be doing is looking toward making sure this stuff, all of this portfolio is extremely relevant and as good as it's ever been and better as we go through the 2020s. And so balancing it to keep that growth  to keep growth in place but not knowing when we're able to really accelerate to another level is just the facts today and I would tell you its the facts with everybody no matter what they tell you. The difference is we got $1 billion of incremental capital that will create that incremental growth going forward. But whats the negative coming out of the bottom end of the bucket definitely unknown.
Jeremy Metz: Yeah, thats fair. Dan, just a quick one. You mentioned that 100 basis points of credit reserve. You also mentioned the AC Moore. Just wondering are those baked into that 100 basis points that you're giving yourself or are those on top of the 100 basis points and thats separate? Thanks.
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah. Our guidance reflects a projection of what lost revenue we should achieve or what well be hit with in 2020. So thats reflected in our guidance. If we deviate and it gets more negative then thats covered in the reserve. But kind of an expectation of how things will play out with regards to those recently announced retail failures is reflected in the guidance and then a reserve on top of that if its worse than we project.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey. Good morning. Just got two questions from our end. First, Dawn, youve spoken before that you guys are First, Don, youve spoken before that you guys are a retail company, you do office, you do apartments but at your core you're a retail company. That said, office has definitely been a bright spot this cycle. So, as you guys think about where you're going to spend on development pipeline or the assets that you're looking at. Are you having your team focus more on assets or opportunities that could involve more office or your view is look were a retail company focused on retail, if it has office, if it has residential great, but retail is our core.
Dan Guglielmone: I guess, Alex, the best way for me to say is we are real estate people. And the best thing that we can do with real estate is huge retail to be able to get people to come to that piece of property that we have. So, there is always a how do we get people to come to our real estate as the primary driver. Now, what can we do with it? Absolutely involves other real estate uses. I think we've proven that. I think what you've seen in the past number of years for us is actually just the natural evolution of mixed use properties where you create that retail environment and then add residential or office or hotel or incremental uses that play off that retail. That will continue. And so when you when you -- it doesn't mean we won't do a pure retail play like and answer to the previous question, we did in Brooklyn when we have our bread and butter and we know how to create value from increasing rents in a not tense environment. But when you have other uses that include Hoboken which has a large residential component to it or as you see what it is that we're doing obviously Friend Center or Darien or CocoWalk, we're going take  we're going to look at it with a broader view I think, than other folks in the shopping center world. And we don't do that for just one or two projects. We do that with every possible piece of real estate that we own or are looking at, but it's certainly back for a long time with us.
Alexander Goldfarb: I realize that it's just  it's funny this cycle office seems to be the golden child. So, you have the positive yield revision at 1 Santana. So, I don't know if that was leading you to try and push your team more to office. But the second question is
Dan Guglielmone: Let me say one thing to you there, Alex. It's important that we don't do this for cycles. We don't invest to time cycles. This is  there will be a time when office is no good and retail is back better, and we are building long-term sustainable real estate destinations. And so, no, we don't move along with  you're not going to see us buying industrial properties because it's hot right now, for example. And I just always want to make sure we are a long-term focused company and we act that way.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second question is with all the retailer closings that are announced, some are obviously full liquidations but some are retailers parent stores, in general, as Ive looked at your portfolio and troubled retailers, are you generally pretty good about calling which of your tenants is going to close, or do you feel like some of these retail closings are sort of haphazard, or wouldn't necessarily follow productivity logic that you would otherwise could take meaning? Are you caught offside by some of these closing announcements, or all the ones that have happened pretty much apart from a full liquidation you're pretty much like, yeah, we had a feeling they were going to close this one or that one.
Dan Guglielmone: Well, that's a good question, and I would  I'm putting a percentage on this not for exactness, but to be illustrative. I would say 75% or 80% of the deal, so we need kind of have a real good idea as to what's going on and why logically a tenant would close the store or to renegotiate a store or do whatever obviously. But there is, to your point here, 8 percentage, 20%, some percentage, if you will, of decisions that are being made today that are not as obvious as they used to be and some of that is because there are broader market decisions that are being made, so what good performing stores can be closing too because they don't fit in a business plan of a company going forward. There are other reasons that that sure, they do take us by surprise occasionally. You see it certainly in some of the categories you know like restaurants for example where you can have a decent performing restaurant but because of that ownership structure, we get surprised with a closed door. But, overall, the point here is really to make sure whether surprised or not, we've got backfills and we've got alternatives to be able to fill that. And I don't know how you better mitigate that risk more than with great real estate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. to go back to the kind of bigger picture and the growth rate that we can expect from Federal. So, maybe you can  is there any way you can give to some color on how much NOI you expect from redevelopment and development from the just from the known projects that you have on the ground today that we should expect in 2020 and how that looks like in 2021?
Don Wood: Well, I mean let's do it  let's do it this way. When you go to page 17 and 18 of our 8-K that does a pretty good job, I think, of laying out capital and laying out the returns. You can get a pretty good idea of what ultimately those projects and new ones coming up are going to contribute. Now, on the timing there's no doubt that that much of the big numbers on those two pages will not be producing income until starting later in 2021 and then forward. Theyre big projects. And by the way, that construction does have certainly in the case of Pike & Rose or in Assembly, it does have an impact slight but it's got an impact on the rest of the project because there's more stuff happening with dump trucks and that kind of stuff. So, you should assume later in 2021 is when you're going to  is when the big stuff on pages 17 and 18 starts producing. And as Dan went through, you'll get some of that in 2020 including, by the way, a big one in 700 Santana Row in Splunk, but there's a lot more coming. So, you'll have to back-weigh that. So, we're still growing, Ki Bin, we're still growing.
Ki Bin Kim: Yeah. I mean the reason I asked that is that we've had a couple of years of low growth and I know you're investing for the future and it's all the right decisions, but at least in the near or medium term, the market is trying to figure out when we get back to that 4% or 5% FFO growth on trajectory. That's why I asked those questions.
Don Wood: No. And as
Ki Bin Kim: And just
Don Wood: Go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: And are you working on anything to perhaps try to decrease that downtime when you already have a leaf on hand and when you have a tenant moving out which Im trying to know that gap of that downtime?
Don Wood: Absolutely yes. In fact, if you could read our goals and objectives for the company, it is the single biggest thing, not from the first leasing persons discussion with a tenant to the first dollar of rent that gets recorded in the P&L all along that process, major initiative to reduce that time. And it includes some things that you would assume, like a simpler lease, it assumes some things you might not assume, like how tenant coordination happens and who does the work and how it gets priced out and things like that. It assume some changes in terms of the marketing materials that leasing agents use and how they use them. And all the way through, it is a primary focus of this and I would suspect most companies in this space in 2020.
Ki Bin Kim: All right. Thanks, Don.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Mueller: Yeah. Hi. A few things. First, I was wondering, can you talk about the timing and the magnitude of the recently that were  the recent unanticipated bankruptcies that you've been talking about?
Don Wood: Yeah. I think we've taken a, kind of, an holistic and  a view of  look, theres uncertainty in these restructuring processes. And we've taken an estimate of how we anticipate getting potential stores back, what stores will stay in place and so forth and we made that estimate. I don't think that there's a, like a, kind of, a good answer for you in terms of helping you with your  with kind of specificity like Pier 1. I mean I think we're in pretty good shape at Pier 1, where we're, basically, released on one of them. Another one is going to stay because it's one of their top performing stores in the region and the remaining two out of three were trading paper and should have them leased up probably by end of the year. But it's tough to, kind of, go through each one of them and the bankruptcy process is an unpredictable and so we'll see how it plays out.
Michael Mueller: Got it. And maybe a couple other numbers questions here. What was the lease term come in the fourth quarter?
Don Wood: Lease term income was gross fees of about $3.8 million in the quarter and that was roughly in line with kind of what we had expected.
Michael Mueller: Got it.
Don Wood: Got it. Okay. Thanks. And last question, with no dispositions in the guidance and 450  I think it was $400 million to $450 million of spend, of investment spend. What's the equity assumption baked into 2020 FFO guidance?
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah. Over the course of the year, whats reflected in our guidance is about $125 million of incremental equity, consistent with what we have done over the years in that range and it would be kind of played out over the year in terms of your models. But we've got the balance sheet that we don't have to use that. We've got other sources that will fill the gap whether it be incremental leverage, leverage neutral, leverage asset sales, cash on hand, free cash flow. We've got a lot of tools in the tool box in addition to kind of the opportunistic equity insurance that we've been fortunate to be able to issue over the years.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. That was it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vince Tibone with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Vince Tibone: Hi. Good morning. I'm just curious, when you lose a grocer such as Fairway, how does it impact the adjacent small shop tenants? Are there other typically co-tenancy clauses that allow them to immediately pay lower rent once the grocer closes?
Dan Guglielmone: No, there are not, Vince, particularly in any strong located place like that. It wouldn't be  certainly wouldn't be in our lease. And while we didn't write that lease that was before that there is no such impact there. So, just the grocery, just that box. But on the other side of that, can you imagine putting a better grocer in that box and what the impact that would have in terms of traffic to the balance of the  the balance of the space, something that we're counting on.
Vince Tibone: Right. Makes sense. Let me just kind of [indiscernible] that, just how surprised were you by the Fairway bankruptcy? And just in general, like how worried are you about some of the smaller regional grocers out there? Are you expecting more bankruptcies to occur over the next five years, let's say as the grocery industry is kind of evolving here?
Don Wood: Well, let me answer that question in two ways. One, not surprised at all with respect to Fairway bankruptcy. Frankly, it was one of the most  one of the most important parts of our due diligence on buying the asset, and if you knew what we did for due diligence, much of our time was spent figuring out how much demand there was for that space and at what rent they would pay. So no, no surprise there at all. In terms of the bigger question, I don't  new grocery is very different than any other category, and this kind of goes back to the two  the beginning part of what we were talking about here. I  were not just about filling boxes up. We really are about bringing these retail products to places, shopping centers, and mix of these properties to places that will be the best five years from now. And so, to the extent, more groceries go out, smaller grocers  less well-capitalized grocers, which if they don't have a particular niche, sure. They're under margin pressure all the way through. Completely agree with that. But again, so what to the extent you've got backfill opportunities that are more sustainable to what that shopping center should be in any particular neighborhood or community. And our stuff as you know\ is a lot bigger on average and a lot more regional on average than a traditional grocery anchored shopping center in a lot of markets. It's more than doubled the size on average in GLA, for example, and land. So, it's all about from a landlords perspective, options, alternatives and it's hard to imagine there isn't more disruption in the grocery business. Of course, there will be. Just as there will be in every other sector as we move forward. But I think we're well prepared to use that to create better retail destinations.
Vince Tibone: Thanks, Don. Very interesting color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Tsai: Hi. In terms of occupancy troughing to mid-93% leased and mid-91% occupied. But then getting stronger in the second half of 2020 and to 2021, where are you hoping to end the year in terms for occupancy or 2020?
Don Wood: I would say that kind of back at kind of current levels. We expect kind of a dip over the course of the year and targeting getting back to kind of what our year-end levels were in 2019. But over the course of that, obviously, we'll work our way through kind of that trough
Linda Tsai: And then
Don Wood: and still grow bottom line.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. And then do reimbursement see more of an impact this year given lower occupancy?
Don Wood: Sure. I mean, absolutely with  and we don't talk about that enough right. With triple-net leases effectively losing any tenant in that space, somebodys got to pay those bills. And its us. So, there's no doubt that hurts earnings, too. I think the point that's really important understand here though is with reduced occupancy as expected, we are projecting FFO growth. That's pretty, pretty incredible actually. And that speaks to the balance of the project  the balance of the portfolio, I think.
Linda Tsai: Agree. And then do you have any Lucky's or Earth Fare to some topic of grocers?
Don Wood: No. We have neither.
Linda Tsai: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please proceed youre your question.
Floris van Dijkum: Great. Thanks, guys. A quick question. The 1% credit reserve percent credit reserve that you have baked in, how does that compare to your five-year historical realized credit losses?
Don Wood: It's actually very much in line with our five-year history and actually where we come out in terms of actual. There's not a material difference but 100 basis points has been pretty consistent at least since I've been here. And the actual results are kind of in line roughly with the  with those reserves.
Floris van Dijkum: Okay. And then maybe a quick question on the residential rents. What has your experience been on the rental increases after the first years rents on newly-developed departments? What kind of increases have you seen at Assembly or at Santana? And how should we think about Pike & Rose in terms of increases for residential? Or do you think that market is different than you think is going to be a little softer than Boston and San Jose?
Don Wood: Yeah. Floris, it's a great question. I mean, obviously, our best population from which to get that information is Santana because weve been open as long as we have and I can tell you that the annual CAGR for those residential rents has been about 3.8%, almost 4% over that period of time, not every year during it but strong. Now, come over to Assembly, Assembly is really interesting because it  if you remember, we started out with AvalonBay during the first phases of residential. We then added [indiscernible] which is a big good 500-unit building. And now, we are adding more supply. And even with all that happening, we've seen rental growth that's  and again, it's only a couple of years in excess of 4%. So that's real strong. In terms of Montgomery County, its clearly been weaker. Montgomery County and therefore for Pike & Rose on the residential rents side over the past three or four  the first three or four years was essentially flat. We are now in the last 12 to 15 months seeing the first signs of real strength from that perspective. And by the way, not surprisingly, that is very much in line with the strength that we're seeing on traffic counts and sales on the retail piece. So as these communities become more mature, there is no doubt that that ignores to the residential up top. So, very hopeful to see sustainable, call it, 3% at these properties over the long term.
Floris van Dijkum: Great. Thanks, Dan.
Don Wood: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Leah Brady for closing comments.
Leah Brady: Thanks for joining us today. We look forward to seeing many of you in the next couple of weeks. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Leah Brady. Please proceed.
Leah Brady: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G, Jeff Berkes, Wendy Seher, Dawn Becker and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued last -- our earnings -- our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. These documents are available on our website. Given the number of participants on the call, we kindly ask that you limit your question to one or two per person during the Q&A portion of our call, and if you have additional questions, please feel free to jump back in the queue. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin the discussion of our third quarter results, Don?
Don Wood: Don. Thank you, Leah, and good morning, everybody. Well, we are able to accomplish something this quarter that we tried to do unsuccessfully for the better part of the last decade, and that is to acquire the wildly under-market Kmart leased at Assembly Square marketplace for $14.5 million or about $2.4 million an acre. This very important six-acre parcel will allow us to unlock over time. The significant value creation made possible by the success of Assembly Row over the years and allow us to both densify and unify the power center with the mixed-use community. This is a real estate acquisition through and through, a GAAP required that the expense currently in the income statement. Accordingly, reported FFO per share is $1.43, but the $1.59 excluding that charge compared with the $1.58 reported in last year's third quarter. Also remember that this year's number reflects the 2019 accounting change requiring the expensing of previously capitalizable direct leasing cost of about $0.02 a share per quarter. The Kmart lease acquisition is pretty darn representative of the focus and prioritization of our efforts these days. At this point in the cycle and given the oversupply of retail nationally, the dependence on significantly higher rents, significant increases of portfolio occupancy and landlord-friendly lease terms as the only happening for growth is difficult. It's tempting in a retail environment like this to keep that cash flow growing by making inferior short-term decisions with regard to tenant selection, lease terms, redevelopment opportunities. We won't do that. Our focus is on the next bunch of years, not the next bunch of months. Because while the current environment is resulting in slower short-term cash flow growth in earlier in the cycle, it's also creating more opportunities for medium and long-term value creation in great locations that up until now were not possible. As I said, we've been back and forth with Kmart at Assembly for a decade, with no economic deal close. In 2019, an economically viable agreement was reached, and even though we'll lose a $1 million of rent in 2020, the unlock significant value creation potential is obvious. Similar story in Darien, Connecticut, where previously fruitless negotiations with Stop & Shop took a productive turned in 2019 with an economic deal agreed to resulting in the beginning of our planned development next quarter after many years. We bought Darien in 2013. We've been negotiating with Stop & Shop since 2013. Six years later, we have a deal and we'll start construction. Of course, we'll lose $1 million of rent in 2020. But again, the value creation of a redeveloped Darien property will dwarf that. Similar story on Third Street Promenade in Santa Monica, where finally we'll be free to redevelop an entire 45,000 square-foot building on the hard corner of Wilshire and Third Street currently occupied by an over-sized Banana Republic that was built for another time and another consumer. We'll lose $2 million of rent in 2020, but because of where it is, we will improve the value of that corner and the value of other buildings we own nearby significantly. You get the idea. I've got another dozen stories like that on a smaller scale that I could bore you with, but suffice to say that we're willing to sacrifice roughly $6 million or $0.08 a share annually in order to create compelling retail and mixed-use neighborhoods that will be worth far more than they are today. The retail real estate environment is more conducive to opportunities like these than at any point since the bottom of the last cycle in 2009 and 2010. The fact that we can do all that and yet still grow overall cash flow, albeit more slowly from year to year, that's the power a great real estate and the deep and diversified skill set. Okay, back to the quarter. We did a lot of leasing, 95 comparable deals and 8 more non-comparable deals, that is new space, for nearly 0.5 million square feet, more than in the last year's quarter. The comparable deals were done at first year cash rent of $38.93 per foot compared with $36.31 per foot in the last year, the previous lease, a 7% increase. Higher rent was achieved overall across the board on anchors, on small shop deals, on both new and renewal leases. Comparable property operating income was 2.1% higher this quarter than last year's third quarter, and lease termination fees had a minimal impact on that metric, as they approximated $2.8 million this quarter versus $2.6 million last year. The overall portfolio remains well leased at 94.2%. We would expect that to be marginally lower in 2020 largely due to repositioning opportunities I discussed early -- earlier as well as tenant failures like Dress Barn and others. In terms of our roughly $350 million plus in annual development spend this year and next, primarily comprised of office development at Santana Row, Assembly Row and Pike & Rose, along with retail development at CocoWalk in Darien, we remain on schedule and on budget. You'll notice in our 8-K an increase in scope at CocoWalk, as we were successful in getting the two-floor GAP space back early on the west side of the project, thereby allowing us to redevelop that side currently in conjunction with the bigger project. Yields remain unchanged. Look at our balance sheet at quarter end, shows nearly $700 million of construction in progress. We have a ton going on at this point in time that will undoubtedly create big new income stands in the future, but obviously not helpful to the P&L this year or much of next. While in uncertain environment like the one we're has created opportunities for us among our existing tenant base, it's also opened up opportunities among potential sellers, some really interesting real estate. To that end, we currently have nearly $300 million in acquisitions tied up under contract with expected closings of most of it in the fourth quarter, subject of course to our completion of due diligence. $30 million in that did close in the third quarter. But even so, I want to take you through those deals at a high level, each one very different from the other and with a very clear value-created common denominator. I also want to take you through the funding sources resulting IRRs. The first and largest is our agreement to form a 90-10 joint venture with a local real estate operator with a 90 for an initial 40-plus individual street retail properties in Hoboken, New Jersey. Our share of the investment approximate $185 million, the properties mostly apartments, over-street retail, a prime retail -- a prime real estate sites on either Washington Street or 14th Street to Hoboken's main commercial thoroughfares. We're very bullish on Hoboken and its access to be increasingly important west side of Manhattan, including the $20 billion-plus Hudson Yards development. That access is easier than in many areas of Manhattan through the path, ferry and the bus through they immediately adjacent link of tunnel, one or more transportation choices of which is walkable from the buildings we're buying. While we loved the potential rent upside in both retail and residential income streams as Hoboken continues to mature and find favor among city commuters, maybe the most important part of this venture is that it creates a far more productive business development arm for us in Hudson, New Jersey. We expect this initial set of assets to be just the beginning. The other two are smaller and very different from the first, a more conventional grocery anchored center in a very densely populated urban neighborhoods with under-market rents, surface parking and potential pad development opportunities, demographics that are both incredibly dense with strong incomes. A surface part site this large in the middle of an urban residential neighborhood like this is unusual. And finally, we have an income-producing retail site in Fairfax, Virginia, under contract that is immediately adjacent to our first quarter 2019 acquisition of Fairfax Junction. Separately, each center is relatively small for us with limited future potential. Early in the year, you may have wondered why we bought the first. But together, the combined 11-acre site at the prominent intersection of Lee Highway and Main Street Fairfax is powerful. Along the way, it will serve as a solid current income producer, but in the future, wonderful raw material for densification and inclusion all it uses. I go through this combined $300 million investment before they're closed for two reasons. First, think of the breadth of the type of property we look at. Everything from urban street retail with the rent and development upside, while effectively acquiring a regional growth partner, to an urban grocery anchored shopping center with rent and pad side, to an effective land assemblage with the current yield income stream in an affluent Washington DC suburbs serving as raw material for the future, the common thread through all this compelling long-term retail-based real estate, relevant real estate both for today and in the future with an obvious path to income and value growth. Now how do we pay for it. The sales of Plaza Pacoima and a single building in for Hermosa Beach, California, two assets, where we could not see a path to growth, got us started, the sale of 12 acres under the threat of condemnation at San Antonio Center, which we expect to close in the fourth quarter by the way, along with some pretty attractive assumed debt on the acquisitions to make up the rest. So here's the overall math. These assets, assuming we closed on all of them, will provide nearly a nickel of initial annual FFO accretion, net of the lost FFO of the sold assets . But that's just a byproduct of the capital allocation rationale. The reality is that we're investing in assets with great mid- and long-term futures and a 10-year IRR in excess of 6.5% and funding that investment with asset sales and assumed debt of properties with few long-term growth prospects and a 10-year cost of 4.5%. More than 2% improvement in the IRR of nearly $300 million of recycled capital. It's an investment approach like this which balance the short-term accretion with long-term value-add that gives us such great confidence in Federal Realty's future through inevitable cycles. All the focus on short-term occupancy, current earnings and lease-up expectations at this uncertain time is understandable, and it's certainly important. What a company's clear path to growth and mid and long term relevancy of its retail real estate long after the current vacancies have been leased up is in our view far more important. Let me turn it over to Dan for addressing your questions.
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you, Don, and good morning. Our reported FFO per share of $1.43 translates to $1.59 per share on adjusting for the one-time charge relating to the purchase of the Kmart leased at Assembly. the $1.59 figure is the appropriate comparison for consensus and year-over-year purposes this quarter. While the solid results was driven primarily by continued benefit from our proactive leasing activity as well as lower property-level expenses, it was offset by the weight of opportunistic capital transactions during the quarter, including both debt and equity issuance as well as asset sale, slightly higher G&A than we had originally forecasted and continued drag from our redevelopment and re-merchandising initiatives of properties in both the comparable and non-comparable pools. Our comparable POI metric came in at 2.1% for the quarter, ahead of our expectations, bringing this metric through the first 9 months this year to 3%. In the third quarter, net benefit from proactive re-leasing activity boosted the result of 175 basis points versus third quarter 2018. While we had another strong quarter from term fees, we received very little boost from them in comparable POI with just 17 basis points of tailwind versus last year. We again faced 70 basis points of drag from repositioning programs at some of our larger assets like Plaza El Segundo, Congressional and Huntington. As a result of the better than expected quarter, we are increasing our forecast for comparable POI in 2019 from a range of 2% to 3% to about 3%. While Don emphasized our focus on positioning our portfolio for the long-term and the potential short-term impact of these repositioning and re-merchandising initiatives, the quality of our real estate is driving a broad upgrade in our tenant base, as evidenced by new leasing activity. A few to note include - a new 40,000 sqft urban target as part of our Hollywood Boulevard redevelopment in LA; a new 38,000 sqft Home Depot design opening at Montrose Crossing, a great add to that center in our home market. We finalized the deal to relocate Walgreens at the Darien redevelopment and significant uptick in rent from the old lease. And we've also been proactive in reducing exposure to struggling retailers. One example is changing out two of our three remaining cost-plus locations to bring in uses, which enhance the merchandising at Escondido and Pentagon Row. Combined with the recent opening of Nordstrom Rack at Plaza El Segundo, in the last 12 months, we've reduced our exposure to cost-plus from four locations down to just one remaining. While our lease percentage ticked up to 94.2%, we expect -- during the quarter, we expect our occupied percentage to begin to feel some impact over the next few quarters, as we get after some of these repositioning opportunities that Don previously highlighted. As Kmart at Assembly, Stop & Shop at Darien, Banana Republic at Third Street are turned over from a relevant tenancy and a full impact of Dress Barn's closure mute our occupancy, as well as our FFO to start the year. With respect to new developments, you may have noticed some updates and new additions for the redevelopment schedule on Page 16 of our 8-K supplement. As Don discussed, we expanded the scope of our redevelopment project at CocoWalk with the early recapture of the GAP space on the west side of the project. It resulted in a modest increase to the budget. However, we are maintaining our targeted development yield on that incremental capital. At Hollywood Boulevard, where we are combining and redemising spaces to bring in previously mentioned new urban target and a collection of QSRs while doing a complete refresh on the west side of that project, of roughly $20 million incremental spend at a targeted 9% incremental return. And at Lawrence Park in Philadelphia, where we locked in long-term and established major medical use in less attractive, lower-level space and created more attractive retail square footage at the front of the property, you will see a complete refresh of that property as well. $10 million of incremental capital at an incremental 8% yield. Now let's discuss some of the capital activity during the quarter. Given the big rally in the treasury market during the third quarter, we're able to be opportunistic by reopening our 10-year notes due 2009 for an additional 100-plus million dollars of proceeds at 2.7%. At the time of issuance, the lowest 10-year bond ever issued by a REIT. We also took advantage of the strength in the equity market by accessing our ATM program for an additional $75 million of proceeds. And lastly, we closed on the remaining $70 million of asset sales we have been working on at the time of our last earnings call, although one closed after the quarter end. Selling two non-core assets on the West Coast for a blended mid-5s cap rate, bringing our total asset sales for the year to just shy of $150 million at a blended upper-5s yield. More importantly, a blended sub-6% unlevered IRR. This activity positions us with higher than normal levels of liquidity with above-average cash on hand at $163 million and nothing drawn on our newly expanded $1 billion credit facility. While this enhanced financial flexibility will weigh on results by a few pennies for the second half of 2019, we couldn't be better positioned to execute on our business plan on both the development as well as the acquisition front. Our credit and liquidity metrics continue to be at extremely comfortable levels for A- rating at quarter end. Our net debt to EBITDA stood at 5.3 times. Our fixed charge coverage ratio steady at 4.3 times, and our weighted average debt maturity remains at 11 years. With respect to FFO guidance for the balance of 2019, we're adjusting and tightening our range from $6.30 to $6.46 per share to a new range of $6.32 to $6.38 as adjusted for the acquisition of Kmart. On a NAREIT-defined basis, which includes the Kmart charge, this range of $6.16 to $6.22. The primary driver of this revision is the capital markets activity I just highlighted. As being position with more cash on hand, plus running the impact of our asset sale activity through our model, impacts results and the midpoint by $0.01 this quarter and a forecasted $0.02 next quarter. With increasing macro headwinds of slowing economic growth, trade wars and both global and domestic political uncertainty, running the balance sheet with more conservatism, even though slightly dilutive to current year's earnings, it seems prudent at this time. Now on to some preliminary thoughts on 2020. We are still in the midst of our 2025 budgeting process. I'm going to keep this very directional in nature. Still more wood to chop and finalizing our forecast. And we have alluded to the greater intensity, of which we are going after repositioning and re-merchandising opportunities in our portfolio for the medium- and long-term value creation at the expense of near-term growth over the next several quarters. Roughly $6 million of net drag from this activity driven by the recapture of some larger anchored spaces that we've benchmarked at Assembly Stop & Shop at Darien, Banana Republic at Third Street, as well as a handful of smaller deal roughly in that $0.5 million per year rent range at places like Santana Row and the former cost-plus deals at Escondido and Pentagon Row. We may also get after some more of re-merchandising opportunities, given that we see an environment which is right for upgrading our tenancy. We also have the impact of losing 10 Dress Barn locations, which have $2.5 million run rate of annual rent that is projected to impact all of 2020. While we are active in discussions to backfill 6 of the10 that we've lost, that rent won't begin to come back online until 2021. Despite these headwinds, we still estimate that we have a baseline of net growth of roughly $0.11 to $0.12, which should get us into the mid $6.40s as a low-end of the range. Like with last year's preliminary guidance, it is still too early in our forecast process to predict how much higher we can push the upper end of guidance range. However, given the diversity of growth drivers we have in our arsenal and particular growth outside the comparable pool, 700 Santana coming online, continued maturation of Assembly and Pike & Rose, although redevelopment deliveries such as CocoWalk, Jordan Downs and Bala Cynwyd Residential starting to contribute in 2020, plus the acquisitions we expect to close this quarter with an offset from the aforementioned aggressive proactive releasing initiatives, expected tenant departures just highlighted, as well as a top term fee comparable given a strong 2019 on that front, our preliminary target for the upper end of the range could push up into the low $6.60s. We'll have more for you on this topic in our next call, and we look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT in Los Angeles in a couple of weeks. And with that, operator, you can open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Mcginniss: Hey, good morning. This is Greg on with Nick. I was just to start hoping to get a few more details on Kmart and Assembly Square marketplace. Curious when they start paying rent and then the expectations on backfilling in terms of timing and rent again. And then what else needs to happen at that asset for you can really start considering redeveloping the Atlantis.
Don Wood: Sure, Greg. But let's talk about a few things about it. So -- and I assume you're pretty familiar of where it is on the site and how it kind of connects effectively the power center with, the mixed-use property. Assuming you know that, think about that. First of all, the rent will continue through the end of the year, I think, or just about through the end of the year, then early out. We have entitlement to do on that site. That will take a couple of years to effectively get for us to be able to start construction, to be able to put stuff together. We don't expect adjusted on that property for those couple of years. We expect to lease up. There's a couple of ways to do it. It may even not be retail in terms of how it gets leased up, because at the end of the day to day it's a giant 100,000 sqft box ground floor right next to transportation that there is pretty darn significant temporary tenant activity right now. Nothing done, but something that would be really cool and actually accretive to 2020 to the extent we can get it done. Just not done yet. But when we do get that thing re-entitled, which we hope to be able to do, as I say, in a couple of years, the mapping on that site should be in the hundreds of millions of dollar of spend. So big deal, certainly worth waiting for to the extent we get it done.
Greg Mcginniss: And just to clarify on that one. So the entitlements that you have at Assembly Square don't transfer over to that area?
Don Wood: They're fine for retail for the use that is today, but we have some other ideas for residential and/or office on that site in addition.
Greg Mcginniss: Okay, thanks. And then just for a second follow-up here. So based on your earlier comments regarding Banana Republic, are you exclusively looking at redevelopment opportunities there? What might that look like? Or are you still considering retail backfill, traditional retail backfill?
Don Wood: Jeff want to take that?
Jeff Donnelly: Yeah. Hey, Greg. We've got a number of alternatives we're working through right now. When we say redevelopment, we're not really talking about changing the building envelope, but reworking the interior of the building and reworking some of the uses that could go into the building. Traditional retail is potential for a portion of the backfill, but not all of it. But we're still working through three or four alternatives we have for the building. Right now the response to our leasing and marketing effort there has been great. And hopefully in a quarter or two, we'll be able to give a little bit more definitive idea on forward heading.
Dan Guglielmone: You should by the way -- Greg, you should by the way expect more rent than the rent we're getting out today. A lot of times you look back and say, what $2 million bucks coming out of that building, that's a big number and how do you get more rent? When somebody is paying a lot of rent in locations like that, you can be pretty darn comfortable that we will, and even the capital necessary to do that will create an accretive project there.
Jeff Donnelly: Yes, like Don said in his prepared remarks, regardless of which direction we go, the uses to go into the building are going to be additive relative to the current tenant to that end of the street and support our other assets on the Promenade.
Greg Mcginniss: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Christy McElroy: Hey, good morning, guys. I just wanted to follow up on Hoboken. Did you say what the timing was of the closure of the remaining deals? And currently, is all that space owned by a single partner? And sort of what's the benefit of kind of clustering and possibly aggregating more space in that market?
Don Wood: Good questions, Christy. Thanks for asking them. First of all, the timing. We closed on the first building in September. Most of the rest of it will be closed in the fourth quarter. Some of it may drag into the first quarter. We're dealing with some different partnerships or different structures and it's a bunch of buildings. So in terms of -- so that's the timing. In terms of what's going on here, one of the things that we have always struggled with in terms of street retail is getting enough of critical mass on the street to effectively be a real player and to influence both the merchandising in the street and influence the economics on the street. We were able to do it in Third Street Promenade years ago. You may remember that we tried to do it on Newbury Street in Boston. We have bought a couple of buildings, but we're never able to get as much as we wanted. So we sold those buildings when we -- when the bigger deal fell through. This is the next -- or latest iteration of that where we do 40 buildings both downtown and uptown in Hoboken. We got some power and I understand this is probably the worst kept secret in RIET-dom. And so we've been doing an awful lot of work with respect to the demand for this -- these buildings and what the rents would be in terms of that demand, and it has been extremely positive. So we're very bullish on what can happen here. The idea of more is exactly as you would expect that the clustering of it more of the retail storefronts here gives us clearly more leverage with tenants who want to come in.
Christy McElroy: Thanks. And then just and looking at 2020, thank you for all the detail on the kind of the preliminary range but also a lot of moving parts in terms of space recapture, in terms of what's known at this point. As you kind of look into your budgeting and you think about what's unknown for credit loss and tenant fallout, how are you thinking about next year? Are you looking at it more conservatively than you did in 2019, or is it about the same in terms of kind of the tenant credit environment right now?
Don Wood: Yes. At this early stage of the process, I think we're kind of sitting in kind of a similar type of position as last year. I think we would expect kind of that credit loss whether it would be bad debt expense, unexpected vacancy rent relief, kind of in total all of those different components, kind of consistent with kind of how we looked at it over the last year and even the year before. I don't think at this point we're getting more conservative or more aggressive I think where we sit today, kind of keeping it in line with the past history is where we feel most comfortable.
Christy McElroy: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, guys, good morning. Dan, appreciate the direction outlook for 2020. Sticking with that in the revised expectations here in 2019, but also some of the drags you noted, how should we think about the comp POI trajectory from here relative to the 3% you're now expecting in 2019? And then if you have it, how much will be coming into the pool next year in terms of the residential and commercial as those should be pretty additive?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. No, I think that one of the things that we're -- still too early in our process. This was a real -- yeah, we go through a pretty rigorous budgeting process that's very ground up. With only 100 properties, we're able to dig into each and every asset, dig into each and every business plan at each asset and roll everything. We're not at the point where we've got a sense of that. This is very top-down and directional. So I don't really have a sense on where comparable. As I said, a lot of moving parts, a lot of work to do. So I'm not prepared to kind of give a sense of trajectory on the comp POI basis. But, hey look, I think that from a residential and an office perspective within the comparable pool, most of all, a good chunk of our residential outside of the comparable pool, but there is some within it, particularly on the West Coast. That should be additive. That should be beneficial. And that should help the comparable number, but still too early for us to kind of give any kind of direction one way or the other on kind of guidance for next year.
Jeremy Metz: Alright. And then, Don, you got a lot in the pipeline here in the acquisition front. You mentioned the pickup in interesting opportunities out there, that conducive environment to go out and capitalize on these. You obviously have the balance sheet to do so. Beyond the $300 million here, how active is the pipeline beyond that? Is there more in the works that we could be hearing about here in short order?
Don Wood: There is. Jeremy. It's -- we were asked a lot to kind of smooth out the notion of acquisitions, how much we would do. We were asked to how much proactive releasing where we do. The reality is it's kind of where you start and you're spot on it is you take advantage of opportunities when they avail themselves, and that's not smooth. And so I think about kind of some of the stuff we're doing both on the acquisition side and the proactive side, and I know a lot of this stuff, including acquisitions. We've been trying to get done for a long time. But the market wasn't ready. The economics weren't ready. And it's a -- it's really a very good time. I'm very optimistic on our future on where we're going and why we're doing it, because we're able to do some deals that were high-five in ourselves around here, and that hasn't happened in a while, even though it's your turn dilutive. So, yeah, you very well maybe hearing about more.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Schmidt: Great, thank you. Don, when you introduced to the Hoboken acquisition, you said that it could create business opportunities and development arm in New Jersey. It sounds like that would obviously be beyond Hoboken. But could you describe what you could see happening there?
Don Wood: I could, but I'd prefer not to. The -- we're dating. This is an initial partnership with a local company that has done an amazing job, frankly, of accumulating everything that's there. They also have pretty large long tentacles into other properties and other development opportunities there. So the idea of us of saying what we got and being able to do more with them, including potential opportunities in and around Hoboken. So I'm not talking about Morris County or anything far away from this center of gravity, which is where we're going to concentrate.
Craig Schmidt: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore. Please proceed with your question
Samir Khanal: Dan, just sticking to the comparable POI, the question's here, I just want to make sure for Darien. When you lose that the Stop & Shop, where the $1 million rent goes out there, that -- does that come out of the pool next year?
Dan Guglielmone: Darien will come out of the comparable pool basically at the start the year. So that will not have -- that will have drag on FFO, but it will not have drag on next year's comparable POI metric, because...
Don Wood: It's not comparable.
Dan Guglielmone: It's not comparable, exactly.
Don Wood: And then so basically if you wanted to think about it, just to sort of summarize, or it's the Kmart you lose, you lose the Banana Republic and then sort of the Dress Barn and then any sort of unanticipated kind of vacancies for next year is a sort of the headwinds, right. At this point, I think those are main points.
Dan Guglielmone: And then also whatever, as Don alluded to and we're going through the process now, whatever other re-merchandising, we can get after. I mean, we've been proactive in, as I mentioned, in the cost-pluses. There is other opportunities that, as Don said, when you can get after stuff, when there is demand to bring in new tenancy and remerchandised, you get after it. So I think that's something we're working through in our budgeting process right now. So but, yes, that's right.
Samir Khanal: Okay. And I guess, Dan, one question here. We've noticed the cost on CocoWalk went up a little bit here. I think it was around $10 million. What's the story there?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. A bigger project, and it's really -- so when we laid that out, the west side of the project has a two-level GAP store in it that had term, and we were -- so we -- as we did our development plans, redevelopment plans. we didn't expect to touch that side. Well, it's GAP and it's 2019, not 2016 or ' 15, and so we got a deal. So, to be able to get to that space and therefore access the west wing, if you will, of the project as we're going through construction of the rest of the project was it's clearly a better thing didn't think we could, but the times to allow us to. So you got a bigger project there and you've got nothing that changes with yield. So you're getting paid for the incremental capital on that. I think it's a real positive.
Samir Khanal: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed with the call
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning, Don, there. So just a few questions. First, Don. I appreciate the -- your comparison of the Hoboken versus your efforts on Newbury Street number of years ago, but just sort of curious how you viewed street retail in Hoboken versus obviously what's going on here in New York or Miami, where street retail has become sort of a bad word. What gave you comfort that in Hoboken it didn't experience the same situation that we sell street retail in other areas?
Don Wood: Yes. it's so funny, Alex. And you know me. I am Jersey kid through and through. And it's a whole lot of different than Manhattan, right? And the people that go to -- go to Hoboken are -- even that moved to Hoboken are generally from Jersey who go there. They're not coming from Long Island. They're not coming from Westchester, etc. So it is a completely different market. The in-place rents, Alex, are below $50, okay. So we're not talking about $200 street retail. We're not talking about a numbers that are scary that way. The in-place resi rents are $2.65. So we're not talking about things that have run to the extent of anywhere near the markets that you just made. What has changed -- I'll tell you what has changed is its acceptability and its access to the more important parts of Manhattan now, because Manhattan is changing, right. And so when you sit and you think about getting to that West side from a lot of places in Manhattan, it is not easy. And we're hopeful that Hoboken will see part of the globe, if you will, from all of that investment. And I can tell you the early deals that we're talking about are validating that thesis.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second question is on 2020. Don, clearly at the Investor Day earlier this year, you guys emphasized repeatedly the focus on dividend growth on the 51-year track record. So going through the pieces, Dan mentioned $0.08 coming out of the retail, the drag from the capital, but it sounded like through the acquisition program, there was a net $0.05 positive from the capital activities with what's going on in the acquisition side, but you still be $0.08 negative on the retail since sort of that net $0.03 down, if my math is right. What are the other factors that are contributing to what would seem an abnormally low earnings growth year for you guys? Are there other things that are going on? Is it other drag? Or is it other potential projects that you may do? Just trying to put the pieces together.
Don Wood: Yes. Listen, I feel for you because we are a multi-dimensional company. We have a lot of pieces. it's not -- we're not trying to lease up a bunch of empty boxes from a time when our occupancy was really low that provide some growth. It's not that at all. So when you sit and you think of things like the space on hopefully on February 1 being turned over to Splunk at 700 Santana Row and that income starting on February 1, that's a pretty good thing that that adds to that. But take a look at the balance sheet, Alex. There $700 million of construction in progress, producing exactly zero from that. Money's out. Cost of money is out, but income has not effectively started on that. So that in and of itself is a current earnings drag, if you will, to some extent. So sort of say in there. Other things are, guys, I think we went through -- I think Danny did a pretty good job a through most of the big ones that we can think through, not with the specificity of month-by-month in rent starts and rent dilutions. But from my perspective, if we can make this portfolio stronger and better for the future and still grow even if it's smaller, to me that says everything about the quality of the assets. Because we haven't -- we didn't get beat up 2 years ago, 1 year ago. 3 years ago, 4 years ago with earnings, as you know, we grown every single year.
Alexander Goldfarb: You do, and you've obviously done a good job managing the develop -- the massive development you've delivered over the past few years, which is why I asked the question, because the past few years we were able to manage through that development track. That's why I was just wondering if there were any one specific item that was impacting the 2020. But I appreciate your comments, Don.
Don Wood: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good morning. So, Don, I guess just, not to beating the dead horse, but the acquisitions, certainly a sense and excitement in your voice that I haven't heard an acquisitions in a long time. So I guess I'm curious what you're getting from the seller side. Are they more willing to be engaged? Are the pricing expectations changing? Is your cost of capital making some of these deals a bit more easy to underwrite? Just curious on what's sort of driving some of that enthusiasm. Thanks.
Don Wood: A lot of human things. I think there is absolutely the overall notion that the economy isn't going to stay strong forever. That -- there is a recession coming someday. Whenever that's going to be, that time today is such where the assets are -- yes, especially when we're talking about really, really good assets, right. We're not talking about sellers who are looking at dumping properties and having their cap rates go up and be able to get paid, because there is the only time they can get paid, but we are talking about sellers who know when they have a good thing generally -- and this is just my gut, worried about the future in terms of the economy. And no, they can get paid pretty well today and that wasn't obvious a couple of years ago. So that's on the acquisition side. On the proactive re-leasing side, I think there has been a major shift in not only retailers, but in most businesses in the country of it's better to rip the band aid off rather than work through problems long term. And I think we see that in a number of different places. When we had a restaurant company, who was not doing well in the DC area but doing well in other places, I think the old days, they would have kind of not wanted to close their stores, let's say, in the DC area. They work through it. Today, they're more willing to rip it off and move forward. So there is that psyche that's out there today both on the sellers of property side and the business -- people are doing business in retail today, that in my view is fundamentally different than it was a few years back. Does it impact pricing? Not significantly. If a couple of these deals we're really happy with what we're doing, how we're getting them, but they're still really expensive, because they're great real estate. So I hope that helps.
Haendel St. Juste: That does. And I guess I'm curious on the thinking here and the willingness to take that some of the incremental dilution and drag. Clearly, the market is reacting to bit negatively. I think there are higher expectations for growth. And so fully appreciating your big thing. You have a great portfolio and you're building for the long term. Just curious how you factored all that into a thinking, why now. I understand some of that may be entitlement related, but just curious -- just how all that.
Don Wood: No, no. It's a very -- it's an important question I thought what I covered in my earlier stuff, but let me make you crystal clear now. Because you do it when you can and it's not always available, and it kind of goes to your previous question, on the psyche, if companies are willing to make change to deal economically, not have silly expectations for which there is no economic deal, a lot of people - it's always for sale, are not practically speaking it's not. And so today there is no way, no way we wouldn't do the Kmart deal to save $1 billion next year. There is no way we wouldn't do the Darien deal to effect -- to save that $1 million next year. And if there is four more of those? No, we'll do those too, because they're available today. We're working on this stuff for years. There is a fundamental difference in the psyche of people in our business, willing to be reasonable with respect to economics today, I believe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Derek Johnston: Hi, everybody. Thank you. Just back to Kmart and Assembly briefly, are you concerned about the entitlement process for residential there coupled with low development yields and the probable inclusion of a percentage of affordable housing? Would in office mixed use make more sense, given that Puma will fully be moved in?
Don Wood: I'm concerned about everything all the time on development and the processes and how we get through, but none of that changes the real estate fact that when there is an opportunity, you jump on it. Because truly I think any decent real estate guy can sit back, grab a cup of coffee, sit on that site and look at the traffic and look at the way things go between two things and say there is an economically viable way to create significant value here. Exactly what that might be? Who knows at this point. And I know that we know isn't something you can put in the model and factor in to 2020 or 2021 for that matter. But the jump to can they do something better accretively in a both an income perspective, in a value perspective on that 6 acres, that's not a long leap most people I think can get there.
Derek Johnston: Yes, that's a great property and I completely understand. And just shifting gears. We haven't really had an update on Primestor JV in the West Coast in quite a while, and just any thoughts on further projects with them? Or could we see this relationship develop or grow over the next few years? And are there any other opportunities within the portfolio and other metros, such as Miami, to kind of replicate the success there?
Don Wood: Yeah. Jeff, can you take Primestor?
Jeff Donnelly: Yeah, sure. So we are operationally doing great right on top of what we underwrote a couple of years ago in terms of the capital that we've invested and the NOI or POI that we expected. So everything from that standpoint is going as planned. We would love to grow the footprint. And we're doing that maybe a little bit slower than I wouldn't liked, but we're doing that business. We have Jordan Downs under construction, delivering into next year. We were able to acquire the Toys "R" Us box adjacent to our Los Jardines property in Bell Gardens late last year. And we've got a couple of other things on the acquisition pipeline that we're working on as we speak that will hopefully come to fruition early next year. That said, I mean, you've heard this from us before. The acquisitions market is competitive and difficult particularly in LA, all California quite frankly, and we're disciplined about how we go about that part of our business as is Primestore. So to the extent we can shake stuff loose where we think we can make money, we will and we won't do a deal just to do a deal, which is probably why haven't seen us grow from an acquisition perspective significantly with that platform yet. But it's definitely something we want to do and it's definitely something we work hard on every day. Now I'll let you take the second half of the question on other metros, if you don't mind.
Don Wood: Yes, no. Not at all. I mean, conceptually there is something there. I mean, even with respect to what we're doing in Hoboken and around Hoboken, and as we think that through, that's a potential other market that we can look in. But we want to make sure we have the experts in those markets before we jump in. So stay tuned.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. I guess on the Hoboken transaction, what's the rough split between residential and retail in terms of NOI?
Don Wood: 70-30, right? Yeah, roughly 70% retail -- 70% commercial, retail and a little bit of office, and about 30% residential
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. And then, Dan, you mentioned some lease term income in the quarter, can you just quantify what that was?
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah, yeah. We had a strong quarter in 2018, and so last year of $2.6 million, and $2.8 million this quarter. So a modest boost to the comparable, but it wasn't a big driver of our outperformance on the comparable basis.
Michael Mueller: Got it, okay. That was it. Thanks you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vince Tibone with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Vince Tibone: Hey, good morning. Could you elaborate on your plans at Third Street Promenade and also talk a little bit about the overall health of the retail area there? Because there are some vacancies on Third Street and Santa Monica Place, so just wondering how that is impacting the rents you're expecting at the Banana Republic re-dev.
Don Wood: Again, Jeff.
Jeff Donnelly: Yeah. No, there is some turnover on the Promenade right now. That's definitely true. And as you go south on the street in the Santa Monica Place, and I know your local, you can see that. We're very pleasantly surprised at what we have going on in Banana Republic. And like I said a few minutes ago, we've got 3, 4 alternatives that we're working through. There is competition toward the building for the space of the building. As Don said, the rent, whichever direction we choose to go, we're going to collect materially more rent than we're currently collecting. So because we are in kind of a leasing, marketing, negotiating mode right now, I really can't say a lot more about it than that. But we, like I said, pleasantly surprised and it's going to be an accretive deal for us.
Don Wood: And the only thing I would add to that JV, and Vince, just to think about and everybody should think about this for us, one of the cool things you get here is that we don't just -- we evaluate for highest and best use of the real estate. And so to the extent there is a better use in retail for all our part, of a building or a shopping center, or whatever, we can do that. And so, obviously, I think about it as you sit and talk about Third Street or any other market, where the success of that street has absolutely brought demand from other users who pay pretty darn at good economic numbers to be in there. We got the ability to look at it that way and therefore to execute it that way, and I think that's an advantage.
Vince Tibone: Interesting, but the Third Street, the entitlements you have in place now are just retail or there's something you're exploring potentially changing the use or adding additional height, which I know there are restrictions in Santa Monica to that spot.
Don Wood: Yeah, we won't be adding additional height. Yeah, in my previous comment, we're going to be working within the existing building envelope, and depending on the use, there may be some work we have to do with the city, but we're not -- we're confident that we would get through that, so.
Vince Tibone: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please proceed with your question.
Floris Van Dijkum: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. A question -- a follow-up question on the street retail. Your urban street retail you found on two deals, Primestor and the Hoboken transaction. As you think about that, first how much would you need to be able to invest to be able to consider an opportunity like that? And also how many other markets around the country do you think could meet your criteria?
Dan Guglielmone: It's a good question, but a difficult one. We don't go out and look for street retail. We don't go out and look for grocery-anchored shopping centers. We don't go out and look for land assemblage is to put things together. Basically what we are doing is trying to find places for which demand exceeds supply. And when you have a place like that, like Hoboken for example, the notion there is, can you get enough? And I don't know what the number is, Floris, but if you look at our history, you get a pretty good idea. We spent like $40 million, $50 million or so, something like that on Newbury a few years ago, and then we're talking about a $200 million-plus deal that we were unable to get. So when we were stuck in with just $40 million or so or, whatever the number was at that point, we said, no, we can't impact change. So we sold it. Similarly, you see that we just sold Hermosa, which was one building in a great area. That I mean if we controlled Hermosa Beach, California, I'd love to own and continue to own in Hermosa Beach, California. We didn't. So we look at it -- looked at it there through the [indiscernible] guys, if you will, of one building and what we can do with that one building, the -- when we talk to Arturo at Primestor about that rationale, he fully agrees and understands that with us. So there is the symbiosis in terms of what it is that we're trying to do there. I expect to have that same type of symbiosis in Hoboken, with our partner there. And as I think I've said in the past, we've been unable to get it done well in Miami. And then it depends on each particular site that we see, and whether we're confident that the rents can be rolled up, whether we're confident that we could build more if that's the case there, etcetera. So I don't have a good answer for you, other than to really reinforce that we are not a street retail company, we're not a grocery-anchored shopping center company, we're not a mixed-use company. We are a real estate company that basis ourselves in retail-based properties and whatever that could mean from it. So it's a nuance, but I -- and I know it's important or it's easier to categorize, but I can't really help you as much as I'd like to with that because we look at it from a real estate point of view.
Floris Van Dijkum: Fair enough. Don, maybe just -- it might be early, but can you make any comments as to return expectations> Or will you be introducing the JV partner at a later point?
Don Wood: I will be at a latter point. Let us get through the rest of the same get a closed up, and I'll talk more about this thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Tsai: Hi, thanks for taking my question. You already discussed Banana Republic. But for Stop & Shop in Kmart, would your replacement rents look like there? And then how are you thinking about the population of the 10 Dress Barns in the level of replacement rents or types of redevelopment opportunity?
Don Wood: You bet. Let me take the first two and then Danny take it from there. The Kmart site is more complex. So any short-term replacement rent, I would expect to more than cover the Kmart rent on a per-foot basis. I don't know whether we get the whole 100,000 or whatever it is done, but I think you'll be happy with that in the short term. In the longer term, it's obviously a much better thing from a great perspective, because it's so much bigger. At Stop & Shop, and you kind of -- you see it in the go to our redevelopment schedule on the overall project of Darien and redeveloping Darien, which will include residential, which will include boutique retail, which will include, well, we'll see what else it includes, as we go through. What certainly accretive to the brand we lost.
Dan Guglielmone: And then with regards to the Dress Barnes, I think it's a case-by-case basis. One of the things with Dress Barn is they did pay market rent. So we expect to kind of really see the upside with our Dress Barnes is really just kind of putting in merchandising in tenancy that enhances the broader center and enhances the long-term value of the real estate, I don't think I think you'll see some roll-ups and I think you'll see some kind of staying flat and kind of a little bit of a mix, but there's not a whole a ton of rent upside on Dress Barn.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, it's Michael Bilerman with Christy. Don, a quick question for you. Back in May, at the Investor Day, we should have dropped in your opening comments, but thought about selling an interest in your asset base, in certain projects that would raise substantial sums. And when I pushed you on it in the follow-up, you said there was nothing planned today. I guess now that your acquisition pipeline seems to be growing, the $200 million deal at Hoboken, it sounds like you got a lot of other irons in the fire, would you give that more consideration today to bring in capital into some of your deals rather than issuing equity on your ATM.
Don Wood: Yes. And Mike, it's a very fair question and every -- I won't say every deal, I would say every 6 months, certainly more than our annual budget process, we guard this balance sheet like in Fort Knox. And so there is never a conversation of what happens on the left side of the balance sheet that is not shared even equal time for what happens on the right side of the balance sheet. So even when you sit and you think about where we are today, we did think prudent use of the ATM was the best solution. I always want to have as few competing goals on the common shareholders' money, and so joint ventures selling pieces of things do complicate that. And so generally I have a bias to not do that, which is what I was saying in May, and that still applies today. Having said that, to the extent there are opportunities that overall make an awful lot of sense for the long-term value of this company, but we'll never -- we're never going to do big equity issuances. Whenever you do big anything on the right-size of balance sheet, we want all those arrows in our quiver to be available to us. To the extent bigger ones hit, then sure we would open up that spicket. So it's a balance. I know it's a complicated answer, but if you were working with me on this side, I think you'd agree that every 6 months or so, you do have to take a real look at that, make sure you understand what irons in the fire actually going to close, how are you going to get them all done and paid for, and so far, I think we've done -- and I think it's, we're really good at that.
Michael Bilerman: All right. But at least an example of Primestore on this Hoboken deal, you have a partner that staying in from a capital and also providing some operating level. I would say, a joint venture with a capital partner is the lease complex in terms of a relationship because you're just taking their money rather than taking...
Don Wood: ...it's all the least value add, it's also the least value-add.
Dan Guglielmone: Right. I mean, because, yes, it's more complex bringing -- taking in a partner, but we're getting something strategically to create real estate value for those things. And that trumps just money, because at the end it's just money...
Michael Bilerman: Right. Well, like money. I think you do too. So how big is this pipeline? I mean how big could acquisitions get this next year? You're talking about a $1 billion? Are you talking $500 million?
Dan Guglielmone: I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. If you look at what we've done over our history, the one thing I like about us a lot is balancing moderation. So you're not talking about $1 billion in acquisitions, you're probably not talking about $0.5 billion of acquisitions, but I would put that at the upper end at the upper limb.
Michael Bilerman: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Just bigger picture, Don. Has your real view on the health of retail changed at all in the past year for your tenants, and I am not looking to answer for those, but what do you think is mispriced in this business? And maybe the simplest answer is no test the value per pound for different types of shopping centers versus maybe even certain retailers that are proceed that's really healthy that people are going to go achieve faster with more money.
Don Wood: Yes, that second part of that question, I'd love to have a beer with you and sit and talk it through. It's a whole lot more complex than the 30 second thing to be able to answer the question on. And so I'm going to give you an a bigger picture point on the first question part of the question that you asked. Yes, I think there is a healthier, frankly, retailer mindset out. It's healthier. And it's not always better for the landlord, right? Here is some, there is tough negotiations, there is the, as I said before the preponderance of the ability to rip the band-aid off and move forward, I view those things as healthy, because it does suggest that there is a plan for them to move forward. I like that. I hate and we do see this in some grocery operators today, where there is still at the real estate level there is -- maybe we'll consider, maybe we'll consider that, not really sure how that works all the way up top to the boards and the CEO's office to those companies, that stuff I don't like. So the more I do overall see more definitiveness, if you will, in business plans that, well, not always good for us, or everybody in this business is far better than uncertainty
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Leah Brady for closing comments.
Leah Brady: Thanks for joining us today, and we will see many of you at NAREIT in a couple of weeks.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Leah Brady. Maam, you may begin.
Leah Brady: Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realtys Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood; Dan G; Jeff Berkes; Wendy Seher; Dawn Becker; and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder, that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realtys future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and other  our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of Risk Factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operation. These documents are available on our website. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our second quarter results. Don?
Don Wood: Thank you, Leah. Good morning, everybody. Continuing to reliably grow bottom line results, despite headwinds remains our focal point and the second quarter didnt disappoint. FFO per share of $1.60 compared favorably with our internal expectations, the Street, and $1.55 recorded in last years quarter. Growth over last years quarter was 3.2%. The 30th consecutive quarter of increased FFO per share, excluding of course, a couple of debt prepayment charges over that time. No excuses, just bottom line growth. Comparable property income grew at 3.5%, largely the result of some big rent starts from proactive re-leasing initiatives like Anthropologie, Bethesda Row, Muji on Third Street Promenade and Bobs Furniture at Los Jardines with a little help from lease termination fees. Lease termination fees are clearly increasing, if not in number than in amount as numerous retailers are re-evaluating the business plans, and in some cases negotiating out to a plethora of reasons. When its economically advantageous for us to engage, we do. When its not, we dont. Lease termination fees were $2.2 million in the second quarter compared with $1.6 million in last years second quarter, and contributed 45 basis points to the comparable property income number. Sometimes the comparison, which includes all sources of property level cash flow in all periods presented, is positive, sometimes its negative, but its always an integral part of our business plan and clear demonstration of the strength of our contracts. Lots of deals done in the second quarter, in fact, at 113 new and renewed leases for comparable space more than weve ever done in any three-month period before. There is clearly pressure on pushing rent overall, but overall, were having pretty very good success. Those 113 leases represented 379,000 square feet at an average rent of $42.68 a foot, 7% higher than the $39.75 being paid by the previous tenant. As you might expect, it had the most success meaningfully increasing rents as those shopping centers have been or are well along in being redeveloped and repositioned for sustaining their leading market position. Properties like the Assembly Square Power Center, where the success of the adjacent Assembly Row mixed-use community has clearly increased its value. More to come on that power center in the coming quarters by the way. Or Coconut Grove in Miami where the anticipation of a completely new CocoWalk is translating into higher rent, net of capital at both the redeveloped property and in the adjacent neighborhood. We got other examples, where well roll back rates, in fact, more examples than in any time since the 2009, 2010 start timeframe, but always for the solidification of the merchandising base to create long-term value at the shopping center overall. Those examples serve as a pretty good microcosm of the shopping center leasing environment for us today. The bar has been raised on the product and place being offered and the importance of a strong location has never been more critical to a retailers decision. We hear that from retailer after retailer. The G&A spike in the quarter is substantial at about $3 million, roughly half of that, $0.02 a share, is due to the accounting change this year effecting the capitalization of leasing cost, while the rest of it is attributable to strategic investments in our people and in better and more efficient computer systems. So lets talk a bit about future growth generators and a quick update on CocoWalk, Assembly Row Phase III, 700 Santana Row, Santana West and Pike & Rose Phase III. First of all, and importantly, all five remain on budget and on schedule with the possibility of increasing scope and profitability at CocoWalk, if we can find a way to get to the left side of the center earlier than we had anticipated. Well know by next quarter. Thats good news there. All five are well underway with Santana West just recently so, and require nearly $1.2 billion in total capital over the next three years. Dan will talk about how well the balance sheet is positioned to handle that in a few minutes. So the initial $80 million-or-so of annual incremental cash flow to come from those investments will break out roughly as $55 million from office tenants, $15 million from residential tenants and $10 million from retail tenants at these already established mixed-use communities. Splunks full building deal, PUMAs North American headquarters, Regus' Space concept, Boyne Capitals CocoWalk lease and even Federal Realtys new headquarters serve as a great foundation on the office side. On the retail side, strong pre-leasing at all projects gives us confidence that well be enhancing the places that weve created and nurtured and unabated demand for residential product at assembly, all serve as confidence building indications of our continued success at these 5A+ locations. By the way, and certainly worth recognizing that the Boutique Hotel that many of you stayed in during our Investor Day in May, the Row hotel at Assembly Row was just named one of the best hotels in the world by travel and leisure. The ranking was based on the hotels location, service, facilities, food and overall value. Pretty cool, and representative of the type of quality that we aspire to. Okay. Well, what else? Whats new? Darien in Connecticut. Our investment committee and Board approved moving forward with $115 million mixed-use redevelopment to our Darien shopping center. The plan calls for a newly merchandised 120,000 square foot ground floor retail environment with 122 rental apartments above. Groundbreaking is expected later this year with stabilization in 2023. We expect to yield at or better than 6% cash on cost and create a hugely upgraded place directly at the Noroton train station in this affluent suburb. As more than a few of you on this call are quite familiar with this location, we expect that youll monitor our progress closely. At San Antonio Center in Mountain View California, some of you have seen from public documents that we have an agreement to sell under the threat of condemnation to the Los Altos California school district roughly 11.7 of our 33-acre San Antonio shopping center for $155 million. That 11.7 acres will be the site of a new school that will be financed by the municipality primarily with public bonds. We paid $62 million for the entire 33-acre shopping center at about a six cap four years ago. Please let that sink in, in terms of what that says about the implied land value and tech-centric Silicon Valley. We wont be able to keep the entire $155 million as it is our responsibility to use a portion to ultimately pay out existing tenants on the site, who will be displaced by the new school. As were in active negotiations with those tenants, we wont estimate that payment at this time, but it will be significant. Closing on the $155 million is expected late this  late this year. In terms of acquisitions and dispositions, were getting more active. During the second quarter, we closed on the sale of both Free State Shopping Center in Bowie, Maryland to a private buyer and a 4-acre portion of Northeast Shopping Center in Philadelphia to Grocer Lidl for combined proceeds of $80 million. We also expect to close in the third quarter on the sales of two California assets for a combined proceeds of nearly $70 million. So all totaled, thats about $150 million disposition proceeds below a six cap being deployed in identifying acquisitions and developments with far better growth prospects. On the acquisition side, weve got a few deals tied up and in due diligence phase, in our existing markets on both the East and West Coast for a combined $250 million, one of which is in the Primestor joint venture. Closings on all are expected later this year when we will be able to go through detail and rationale more completely assuming due diligence goes as expected. Were very excited about those opportunities. And thats about it for my prepared remarks today for the quarter. Let me now turn it over to Dan for some additional color and then open the line to your questions.
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you, Don, and good morning. Im going to change up my usual order of things and start my remarks with Federals dividend. At our Board meeting yesterday, we increased our dividend, again, by $0.03 to $1.05 per share per quarter or $4.20 per share annually, roughly a 3% increase. That marks the 52nd consecutive year of increasing dividends at Federal. Let that sink in. Federal has been increasing its dividend every year since 1967, at a compounded annual growth rate in excess of 7% over those 52 years. Thats through economic cycles, the ebbs and flows of retail, recession, hyperinflation, I could keep going. This level of consistency in growth is exceptional and unparalleled in the REIT sector and points to the critical importance of driving bottom line growth year in and year out, no excuses. But now lets move onto the balance sheet. From a capital structure perspective, we are extremely well positioned to fund our roughly $1.2 billion development pipeline as we move ahead to execute on the growth-focused and diversified business plan that we outlined on our Investor Day in early May. Our credit and liquidity metrics are as strong as theyve been in years. At quarter end, our net debt-to-EBITDA stood at 5.1 times versus 5.4 at 1Q. Our fixed charge coverage ratio is up to 4.4 times versus 4.2 at 1Q. Weve extended our weighted average debt maturity to 11 years. We had nothing drawn on our credit facility at quarter end and we had over $100 million of cash on hand. And I would like to note that we achieved these improved leverage levels without raising any common shares during the quarter. As weve outlined previously, over the long-term we intend to keep our credit metrics in line with our A-rating with net debt-to-EBITDA below 5.5 times over the long-term and fixed charge coverage about four times. As you can see, we have organically created meaningful excess financial capacity. We managed the balance sheet to position Federal to outperform throughout the cycles we inevitably face in our business. As Dan  as Don outlined, we successfully executed an $80 million of asset sales during the quarter with another $70 million under contract blended at a cap rate in high fives. Including the expected net proceeds from the San Antonio Center condemnation sale expected by year-end, and the balance of our condo sales at Assembly and Pike & Rose, we have the prospects for roughly another $100 million of net proceeds, which combined with the executed and under contracted positions totaled roughly $250 million in net asset sales for 2019, which would bring that blended cap rate down below 5%. This activity meaningfully enhances our sector-leading cost of capital and materially derisks our roughly $1.2 billion development pipeline. As I just mentioned, we continue to successfully execute on the sale of condos at Assembly Row and Pike & Rose. Of the 221 total units, 210 have closed with another seven under contract, leaving just four units left to sell, further demonstration of the strength of both of these signature mixed-use projects. Were also active on the debt Capital Markets front recently, opportunistically issuing $300 million of 10-year unsecured notes at 3.22%, paying off our $275 million floating rate term loan that was coming due in November. Further, in July, we recast our unsecured revolving credit facility increasing its size from $800 million to $1 billion, extending its ultimate to maturity with options out until 2025, while also reducing the interest rate spread and lowering the cap rate on our borrowing base. Our capital structure could not be better positioned. A quick review of the numbers for the quarter highlights the record setting $1.60 of reported FFO per share, which was $0.01 above consensus. The numbers in the second quarter were driven primarily by continued benefit from our proactive leasing activity, lower real estate taxes and demo expense and another solid quarter for term fees, offset by higher G&A and continued drag from our redevelopment and remerchandising initiatives of properties both in the comparable and uncomfortable tools. As Don mentioned, our comparable POI metric came in at 3.5% for the second quarter as well as for the entire first half of the year, well ahead of our expectations. Net benefit from proactive leasing activity boosted the result by a 135 basis points versus 2Q 2018, and was better than we had forecast. We had a modest boost from term fees of 45 basis points. We also had a tailwind from Mattress Firm bankruptcy payments of 40 basis points. Although let me highlight that we also, again, faced headwinds of almost 85 basis points of drag from the repositioning programs at some of our larger assets like Plaza El Segundo in L.A. and Huntington on the round. As a result, with another strong quarter, we are increasing our forecast from about 2% to a range of 2% to 3%. With respect to FFO guidance, were affirming our range of $6.30 to $6.46 per share. Let me add some commentary here. I just wanted to remind you all that the timing of the start of straight lining rent of 700 Santana has been pushed back into the first quarter of 2020. We discussed this point on the last quarters call. However, there is no change in the actual cash rent start, which remains in the third quarter of 2020. Given the additional opportunities on the west side of CocoWalk that Don alluded to, we expect additional drag versus our forecast at CocoWalk for the balance of the year. Plus, we will have some modest dilution from the $80 million of asset sales completed and the $70 million under contract, which we expect will close in 3Q. This will be roughly a $0.01 or $0.02 of dilution, which was not reflected in our initial guidance. Let me comment on G&A, which was up for the  during the second quarter. However, there were some one-timers in there. We still expect G&A to run at $10 million to $11 million per quarter per our initial guidance in February. Before I turn the call to Q&A, let me build on one of the points I alluded to earlier in the call. The fact that we have grown FFO per share for 30 consecutive quarters, and the fact that our guidance reflects annual growth in FFO once again, which will give us 10 consecutive years of FFO growth, this consecutive consistent focus on bottom line growth by management is what drives Federals performance to the top of our sectors, specifically versus our peer group, the Bloomberg Shopping Center Index. Over the last three years, FFO growth per share has exceeded our peers in the index by 8.2% per annum. Over the last few years, that bottom line growth represents 6% per annum outperformance over 10 years of 7.7% higher FFO growth. Over 15 years, the numbers are similar. Other metrics, while instructive, simply shouldnt matter as much. And with that, operator, you can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler ONeill.
Alexander Goldfarb: Just few questions. First, certainly appreciate the leasing comments that you guys talked about, but maybe you could just address a few of your tenants and how youre thinking about bad debt to the balance of the year, notably obviously Bed Baths been in the news over the past few months. And then iPic has just come in the news recently for potential bankruptcy. So how are you guys thinking about bad debt year-to-date versus budget and what are you thinking of for the balance of the year?
Dan Guglielmone: I think bad debt kind of is playing out consistent with what our guidance was at the beginning of the year, Alex. I think that were probably getting hit a little bit less than I think that we had forecast. But look, theres a lot of news out there and weve got some caution outlined for the balance of the year just because some of those tenants that you alluded to. But I dont think we expect any near-term impact from a tenant like Bed Bath & Beyond at this point for the balance of the year and even into next year.
Don Wood: I will tell you Alex, though, when you raise iPic, its obviously a name thats been swirling around for months. We have had proactive other companies coming to us for that space. I dont think well have any issue there to the extent it does happen, hope it doesnt, hope they work through it. And also I do think its a great product, but again, in that real estate I know you know that well, that wont be  if it is vacant from them it wont be vacant for long.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second question, Don, is just on thinking about Fresh Meadows you guys have talked about densifying with mixed-use residential. Clearly, a change of rent regulations here in New York. So just thinking about have you guys are thinking about the residential  your residential plans if those have changed for that asset? And then just more broadly speaking you highlighted the Santana  I mean the San Antonio condemnation. Is your view that some of these projects where you had sort of land banked may increasingly others may look at those or your plans may change as municipalities change regulations? Or you guys feel pretty comfortable with residential fresh matters or your longer-term redevelopment plans at San Antonio?
Don Wood: Yes. Lets talk about both those things. Theyre very different obviously. First of all, in Fresh Meadow, Queens, were not at all developed in terms of a plan, what that plan would be, how it would be priced, how it would be entitled, all of that. The point of all that discussion at  or that piece of the discussion at the Investor Day was simply to identify something that we have identified and are looking at hard to be able intensify the use on it. Obviously, its an amazing piece of land to be able to do that. How specifically that will happen is in the early stages of development. So whatever happens with rent control or anything else in New York, will play into that conversation in the early stages, not something that has to be retrofitted later on. So more to come in time but put in the back of your head, if you wouldnt mind. In terms of San Antonio Center, look, there are a few areas that this country where economic activity is simply off the charts. Obviously, Silicon Valley is one of them. Obviously, Boston is another. Yes, thats great that two of our largest investments in total are in those two markets. Things happen on great land in markets where demand exceeds supply. And Im not trying to give you an economics 101 course, but thats what that is. And with the amount of people that are moving that need to be educated in the primary school system, look, Los Altos needed a place. They couldnt find what they wanted. They went through effectively with their neighboring town of Mountain View, a threat of condemnation and that means market value. And market values are a whole lot more than what market value used to be, none of that stuff shows in any of Federal Realtys financial statements or cost basis company like every other company. But when youre in places like that, that  while that particular one is exceptional, the general concept of land being worth a whole lot more than what we paid for is not unusual. And thats really what Im pointing to. Whether that happens again or not anywhere else, I dont know, but it certainly factors into what it is that we  how it is that we feel about future investment on  in our properties.
Operator: And our next question on the line is going to be from Christy McElroy with Citi.
Christy McElroy: Don, just on Darien and Im obviously one of those people thats going to be checking on it as the train passes. Will Stop & Shop be part of the new 122,000 square feet of retail? Or what do you envision for the retail there? And maybe you could provide a little bit more color on what makes that redevelopment complex given the location adjacent from the metro stop. I thought I heard something about upgraded fleets?
Don Wood: Yes. Lets  I cannot tell how excited we are about this, Christy. And particularly because were trying to serve you, your neighbors and your community. Basically, what  Stop & Shop will be not be part of the long-term deal there. We were able to cut a deal with them to have them leave, which obviously causes us dilution as that happens, again, proactively re-leasing. But I know Ive shown you and walked you through Wildwood Shopping Center at the corner of old Georgetown and Democracy here in Bethesda. And I know Ive talked to you about the economics, which are tremendous at Wildwood and thats because it is a community-oriented high-end or higher-end lifestyle, if you will, type center that we see amazing similarities to in terms of demographics and other factors at Darien. So that Equinox at Darien will remain there and its in the middle right now being completely redone as part of our deal here. Youll see a Walgreens here. Youll see great restaurants here, I hope, youll see some cool shops and you might see, well see, if we get there or not, a specialty grocer, just like Wildwood. If thats the case at a train station directly at Noroton, which by the way, is going to be completely redone and rebuilt by the town of Darien, which is just awesome in conjunction and along the same timing of what is it that were doing. If you think about it, your community is going to feel a whole lot different. The 122 apartments above does make that different than a Wildwood, those apartments will all be parked underground on a tray underneath so that the retail and that ground-floor place will be all surface parked, which is just as convenient as it gets and the suburban community like Darien. So I hope thats enough for now. Ill absolutely share the plans and some of the pictures of what this is going to look like as we go forward next few weeks, but were really excited about getting underway late this year.
Christy McElroy: Thats helpful. I look forward to seeing the changes. And then Dan, I think you had originally expected closer to 1% same-store growth in Q2 and Q3 obviously in light of the new range, how are you thinking about Q3? Are you still expecting somewhat of a dip there? And then just a follow-up on Alexs question with regard to the bankruptcies and credit loss, I think you had originally had an expectation for 50 to 60 basis points of known bankruptcy impact and then another 100 basis points of bad debt reserve. How has that changed with the new guidance?
Don Wood: Christy, before Dan talks, I just want to make sure that youre clear that its not same-store growth. But this is comparable POI. Thats a different concept that includes other stuff. I just want you to know that, I know youd like to make it comparable to everybody else. Its not. Its our metric. Dan, please go ahead.
A  Dan Guglielmone: I think, just to give you a little bit of color on some of the components there, I think we did outperform. Some of it is  was timing bringing forward, some of like demo expense was pushed out a quarter. We had other things that were pushed into the quarter. So youll see a little bit of yielding on our same-store growth over the course  on a quarterly basis of the balance of the year. Probably something with the one handle in the third quarter is what we have  what I currently have in my model. And something in the kind of the  with a two handle, maybe a high two handle in the last quarter, fourth quarter of the year in terms of the trajectory for the balance. I dont see really any difference in terms of the impact, I think on bad debt. Or what we had with regards to unexpected vacancy, rent relief, and so forth, we did have the late impact in fourth quarter of last year from bankruptcies that remains with us. As were working to release some of those spaces, making progress, but its slow. And were also, I think getting hit kind of the way we expected. Bad debt is coming in kind of as we forecast. So I dont think well see much difference in how we see that playing out for the balance of the year.
Operator: And our next question on the line is going to be from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt: I wonder if you guys have had any conversation with Hudson Bay? And Im thinking about Bala Cynwyd Lord & Taylor and what is the opportunity if, in fact, the Lord & Taylor division gets set down?
Don Wood: Craig, its Don. I dont want to go into the deals that were talking about at that  with Hudson Bay at this point. We are talking. We are working through that deal. It is  that piece of land certainly is a wonderful place for us to do more than is there. There is no question about it. Its high up on our list. And we do need to make sure that we are squared away with the leaseholder on that site before we talk about what is that were going to do. Rest assured in this portfolio, it is one of the most underutilized pieces of land in the very urban environment, if you will, as it sits right in lower Merion, directly across in City Avenue  or onto the avenue.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Vince Tibone with Green Street Advisers.
Vince Tibone: Ive a few on the lease termination fees, were you expecting to receive this level of term fees at the beginning of the year or is there some unexpected tenant fall out? And then also to the extent you can discuss, could you provide the retailers, the merchandise categories causing the fees?
A  Dan Guglielmone: Sure, Vince. So lets talk about this in a couple of ways. First of all, the  dont make the direct distinction that a lease termination fee is always a failing tenant. Theres a whole lot of reasons, particularly today. And this is what I do see. More than it used to be. Theres a whole lot of reasons that companies are taking a pile of their money and effectively allocating it to use to reposition the businesses. So Ive got a  theres couple in here from a good size  from a restaurant company that is getting out of the Washington, D.C. market. And that  I find that one particularly interesting Vince, because here is the case where a company grew and today it seems to me  I dont know whether Im right or wrong on this, but it seems to me companies are more willing to allocate money and pull the plug out of regions or parts of their business that they want to change. Whereas, maybe a few years ago, they worked through it a little bit more even if it wasnt working out as well as they can. I  there seems to be more of a feeling, from my perspective, and thats really a subjective thought to be able to move some things out. So yes, I do think were seeing more of that. Now do we have to deal with them? Depends. Mostly, no. Because mostly, our contracts are really strong. And if you sit and you look, I  let me give you a statistic that I think youll find pretty interesting. Over the last 18 months of all the lease terminations that weve agreed to and by the way, there are many that we have not agreed too. So we didnt do them, right? But of all that we agreed to, weve leased up nearly three quarters of them at this point, okay? Its  now were talking about $9 million of lease termination fees. And effectively, given a pass to $4 million, almost $5 million of rent out of that. Now were replacing it with more rent, and those termination fees, therefore, equate to more than 18 months of rent thats going away, more rent with capital still makes sense incrementally going forward. There are other lease termination fees where that wouldnt be the case and we wont engage in those conversations. So I hope that gives you a little more kind of color around what is not just about a failing tenant, its really about changes to business plans that almost every retailer and restaurant company is going through today and more  and in my view at least, more likelihood to be able to throw money at it to get out of contracts.
Vince Tibone: Thats really helpful. One follow-up on that is I would just say kind of in general when a tenant requests to leave early, what percentage of the time would you say you work with them and reach an agreement versus forcing them to carry out the lease?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. I dont have a percentage. I dont know the answer to that question. We dont have a policy. We have a how to create value on real estate mantra. So effectively as we look through each one of those, we consider what choices are, where the backfills are, do  are we able to now get it  the spot. I mean, Stop & Shop at Darien is really a great example. Certainly, if all we cared about was comparable POI, we certainly wouldnt be taking out that Stop & Shop before the 2024 lease expiration. We can get at it and do something about it, were willing to have that conversation now. So every one of those is different. And I kind of  when I listen to sometimes the conversation, which makes it all sound simple and straightforward, I just dont think thats reality.
Vince Tibone: Great, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Jeff Donnelly: Good morning, guys. First question actually on a specific asset, one is, its Queen Annes Plaza, actually near me. You guys have a chunk of excess land behind that property and I think its been marketed for outparcel development, but Im just wondering is there an opportunity on that site to put residential behind this shopping center or is it really strictly zoned to retail?
Don Wood: First of all, Jeff, congratulations. That is absolutely the first question in my 21 years hearing about Queen Anne Plaza. Thank you for asking that. Well its funny that you ask it. Because were looking and whether the numbers can work or not, we dont know yet, but there is excess land. And importantly, there is a community  there is a township there that would be very interested in us to incrementally invest. But again, its got to make sense, its got to  from a  from an IRR perspective, its got to work. And I dont have an answer to you that  to that yet. But I love that you asked that question.
Jeff Donnelly: And maybe as a follow-up, even more broadly, is  whats the reaction of municipalities? And I know its probably case-by-case, but whats the reaction of municipalities these days to redevelopment and densification? I know you dont have many centers facing the same issues that maybe some of your cousins like in the mall factor are facing but nevertheless, youre probably speaking to the same types of counterparties. Have you found that planning and zoning boards have been more flexible or creative in fee change, as a way to protect and improve their tax base or are you finding that some of these municipalities are somewhat resistant to change?
Don Wood: Yes, and yes. When I asked the  when I answered Vince at Green Street a few minutes ago about the standard answer on lease termination fees and I couldnt. Its even harder to give a standard answer with respective to municipalities and how things work out. I mean, I can give you an example that youre well aware of in Somerville, Massachusetts, where its been an incredible partnership. And I can probably give you an example on Rockville, Maryland where it has not been an incredible partnership during the same type of economies, today, years ago, and in between. So it really does depend  what I will say is it is absolutely critical that  it was critical for us, I dont about everybody else, but for us it really was critical for us to decentralize the company to make sure that yes, we maybe paying a little bit more in G&A, but effectively an answer to your question unless youre local, unless you were right there, unless you got those relationships that you can build on and youre not some big outside national company that is faceless, its really hard, really hard to get what  the entitlements that you need and the help thats necessary from the community in which youre trying to do business in. So I know it sounds like a little bit of a cop out as an answer, but it really is true. It is very dependent. And, all you can do is make sure youre as close to the real estate as you possibly can be.
Jeff Donnelly: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: And our next question is from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks. Don, a big differentiator for the company is obviously the mixed-use centers and the various other sources of revenue youre driving. As we look at the comp POI, I think those non-retail uses are a little under 10% today. Its obviously growing the challenges, the average in retail, theyre well understood. You talked about them in your opening remarks. I was hoping you can maybe talk about the growth outlook for those other sources. Were seeing some solid recovering in residential rent, so as we think about your comp POI this year, the 2% to 3% we think about 2020, it seems like those other revenue drivers can really increase in terms of impact on that comp POI figure. Any color there?
Don Wood: Yes. I  well, first of all, lets put it this way, Jeremy, the  we spent a lot of time on exactly this point during Investor Day. I really would love to sit and  I dont think you were there, you might have been listening in, but I would love to spend time and get to have you fully understand this. Absolutely, on the big mixed-use projects, we happen to be in the phase, in the decade or a decade and a half long period of time that it does to do this stuff. We absolutely are in the phase where we are  where weve created the place on the ground floor. Weve often started with residential above that ground floor for the 1st-phase. And now its about filling in around the place that weve created. And its likely that the filling in is in search of daytime population, which means office. And so if you look at Santana Row over the almost two decades, period at Santana Row, where we are today clearly is adding more office particularly in that market. Were not adding office to run away from retail. Were adding office to supplement the place, the 24/7 place that we have created. And the same applies to Assembly and the same applies to Pike & Rose. Youll see  so sure, there will be more of those uses. Sure, our comparable POI is about the entire company minus things that are in and out  not as acquisitions and dispositions and things that are specifically being redeveloped. Thats it. It includes all the rest of it. All the company, GAAP, were not making selective decisions on what goes into that. So thatll be what itll be, but I dont want you to think that were running away from retail to resi or office solely. Thats  those are parts of our mixed-use developments and just where they are in the 15-year gestation period of us building them.
Jeremy Metz: Appreciate that. Definitely wasnt suggesting that, just more highlighting I think an important differentiation here for you guys. And so just anyways as the second thought for me San Antonio you did mention having to pay out some tenants. It sounds like that will be going away here. So how should we think about that from an NOI perspective in terms of kind of a lost NOI from that center?
Don Wood: Yes, clearly, when we get a term fee we lose the income, so.
Dan Guglielmone: San Antonio center.
Don Wood: Oh, San Antonio Center, okay. San Antonia Center, well lose income from the tenants on the 11.7 acres. That will be when we sell the asset.
Dan Guglielmone: So lets put it this way, Jeremy. $155 million, the lost income is below a two cap. As we pay out what we think well have to pay out, itll still be extremely creative. I dont want to give you numbers because we are negotiating. And  but theyll still be incredibly accretive. So great news in terms of the value. But yes, therell be NOI loss there just like there will be for Darien in Stop & Shop and some other things were going to tell you about over the next couple of quarters. But to us thats okay.
Jeremy Metz: All right, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Michael Mueller from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller: I was wondering if can you talk a little bit about the dispositions youve knocked out so far this year, what may be on the plate and what the interest has been, how big the buyer pools have been, have you been getting multiple offers, just kind of what its like when youre selling the assets?
Don Wood: Yes. Ill give you a basic and Jeff and Dan can just jump in wherever they feel like. Free State, for example, which was the most significant one that weve actually closed on and sold. The buyer pool was way shallower than we had hoped. And thats a giant-anchored shopping center in Bowie, Maryland of some size, but its not one of our best shopping centers. And the interest at cap rates, with which we would not sell that asset was very strong. The interest at cap rates that we would sell that asset was very thin. And I do think thats somewhat of a change over the past couple of years. Similarly, on assets that are extremely well located, boy oh boy, there is not only been no deterioration, I actually think theres been some coming in a little bit. Theres certainly one that just traded out in Santa Clara County, Campbell that traded at one big old number out there. So it really depends on the asset, the type of assets from my perspective. The smaller assets have some  have more interest in them, theyre more easily digestible, more easily financeable, et cetera. And so that  thats kind of a third bucket, if you will, of differences. Jeff or?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. no, I think like I think, pricing for us though, despite kind of  each process is very different, but I think, we met our pricing expectations and we feel good about the prices in which were executing these dispositions. And relative to our underlying in turn valuations, yes, we feel good about them. We think this is really attractively price capital for us to redeploy into higher-yielding and higher long-term IRR assets. So well take this short-term dilution and look forward to kind of the growth creation that comes out of that.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay, thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Steve Sakwa with Evercore. Your line is open.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks, good morning. Don, I know you quite cant get into too many specifics, but could you sort of give us a little bit of a flavor for the type of assets that youre looking at to buy in terms of the upside potential, the redevelopment potential, the densification opportunities that you might have?
Don Wood: Yes. Theyre all different, Steve. There;s a prime store asset that were looking at thats similar to what we have. More of that strategic plan  that business plan. Here we have another one under contract that is adjacent to something that we already own that creates a better piece of land, if you will, for redevelopment on it. To the extent we can take that off the  we can get that one over transit. And we have some street retail stuff that we really like, that can serve as the beginning of what we hope of business development arm in one of our markets that we like a lot. So theyre all three different and theyre all three part of our stated business plan of how we create real estate value.
Steve Sakwa: And I guess, just trying to think I mean, obviously these are quite highly sought-after and competitive I mean, does your stock come into play as a currency or what do you think  I guess Im trying to figure out how do you look at things differently that ultimately be the winning bidder, but still create value? Are there things that you think you see differently in these assets than others?
Don Wood: Well, again, so on the prime store, we see internal growth of that particular asset that, that is within the Latino community that we hope we can get to that beats  with Arturo and the prime store group running it, that beats the local ownership, if you will, of that one. Of the adjacent property, it free  it opens up redevelopment that couldnt happen without it. And on the street retail type of stuff, right, we think weve got rent growth there and were also hopeful that effectively it turns into more product with IRRs that make some sense because of the rent growth. In terms of paying for all of those, you know us, we use every tool, including assuming debt thats on some of those assets that is attractive. And we dont initially see any need to issue equity associated with it. So theyll row right in.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And Im not showing any further questions. So Ill now turn the call back over to Ms. Leah Brady for closing remarks.
Leah Brady: Thanks for joining us today. Have a great rest of the summer, and we will see you this fall.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great weekend.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Leah Brady. You may begin.
Leah Brady: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G., Jeff Berkes, Wendy Seher, Dawn Becker and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. I like to remind everybody that certain matters discussed on this call maybe deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although, Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of Risk Factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operation. These documents are available on our website. Lastly, we'd like to remind everybody that we're hosting an Investor Day on May 9, which is Thursday at Assembly Row in Boston. The deadline to register is today. So please reach out with any questions and we look forward to seeing many of you next week. Given the number of participants on the call, we kindly ask you that you limit your questions to one or two per person during the Q&A portion. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to jump back in queue. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Don Wood to begin the discussion of our first quarter results. Don?
Don Wood: Thanks, Leah. Good morning, everybody. Some noise in this quarter supported earnings as the adoption of ASC 842, the new accounting standard on leases, produced FFO per share by $0.02 in the 2019 first quarter to $1.56. More on those impacts in Dan's comments, but let's talk about results before implementation of ASC 842. FFO per share was $1.58, excluding the accounting change, compared favorably with $1.52 recorded in last year's quarter, up 4% and comparable same-store income grew 3.5%. Leasing volume was a little light, as it usually is in the first three months of the year, particularly after our record fourth quarter last year. With 72 comparable deals done, for over 247,000 square feet of space, at an average rent of $45.07 per foot, a solid 10% higher than the $41.03 being paid by the previous tenant. As you might expect we have the most success meaningfully increasing rents of those shopping centers that have been or are well are logged in being redeveloped and repositioned for sustaining their market-leading position. Properties like Brick Plaza where Trader Joe's just signed to backfill an old Ethan Allen furniture store to nearly finish up the complete merchandising of this dominant shopping center. Or EastGate crossing in Chapel Hill, North Caroline were an A1 location, plus a recent renovation creates strong demand and higher rents. Or Bethesda Row, where four more -- four new deals signed during the quarter saw a strong rent increases even with prior rents on those deals that range from $59 to onward now $110 per foot. We got other examples where we will roll back rates but nearly always for the solidification of the merchandising base to create long-term value. Our eyes are on 2025 and relevance at that point in time. Those few examples serve as a pretty good microcosm of the shopping center leasing environment for us today. The bar has been raised on the product and place being offered. And the importance of a strong location has never been more critical to a retailer's decision. We hear that from retailer after retailer. In our experience, it's not about retailers choosing inferior locations with lower rents to grow their businesses, but rather consolidating around the shopping centers that give them the best chance of making money. We're certainly well positioned on that front. In the oversupplied, overall, market condition means using all the tools in our toolbox to consistently and sustainable grow earnings, after all it is about growth. Having lots of tools to generate earnings and value, is a true competitive advantage. Now one such tool is a fairly negotiated lease with a strong landlord dais wherever possible. Those strong contracts are an invaluable tool of value creation particularly when a tenant fails, or an integral -- in our integral part of our business. Economically profitable lease termination fees are a direct result of that. Let's talk about one of those this quarter. In the second half of last year, Lowes announced that it was shutting down its 99 Orchard Supply Hardware stores, including our very productive unit in San Ramon, California and Crow Canyon Commons. When we first put in Orchard Supply, we successfully negotiated a full guarantee from parent company Lowe's, unusual at that time, and no sales kick or other way out of the lease given the strength of our real estate. Accordingly we're in an extremely strong position to negotiate a termination fee of nearly 3.5 years of rent or $3.8 million which was paid this quarter and is included in income. We fully expect to have that space re-leased at comparable or better per square foot rent within one year, clearly a strong economic outcome even when considering the capital that will need to be invested. To make a specific point about this fee, because of its size and to reiterate the strength of our leases as an integral part of our business plan, other lease termination fees totaled $1.6 million in the 2019 quarter compared with $1.9 million in last year's quarter. Now, lease termination fees over the past few months have certainly impacted portfolio occupancy as the overall quarter and lease rate fell to 94% from 94.6% at year-end and 94.8% a year ago. Three closures accounted for that decline including the aforementioned Orchard Supply termination at Crow Canyon, the closing of Brightwood Career Institute at Lawrence Park Shopping Center along with the post-holiday closing of Bed Bath & Beyond at Huntington Shopping Center. With the restriction that both Brightwood and Bed Bath had at Lawrence Park and Huntington Shopping Center now gone, redevelopment plans not just re-leasing plans are underway for significant value-add and redevelopment at both of those shopping centers and we have strong tenant interest. It's a real benefit to control real estate in markets where economic redevelopment is a viable strategy, couldn't feel better about the long-term value creation at those three assets. So let's talk a bit about our future growth generators and let's start with CocoWalk in Miami. It's going to be a great project. Construction is on schedule and on budget with delivery about a year from now. Two-thirds of the new office space is now leased as is nearly 75% of the entire project. Uses like a fully renovated Cinepolis Theater, great well-known local restaurants -- restaurant operators and fitness, health and beauty along with apparel round out the merchandising are the perfect amenity for the new Class A office. Desirability of Coconut Grove is a really attractive place for the year-around Miami professionals to live, work and play continues to get better and better. We see it in the local schools, in the hotel, in the housing development and certainly in the traffic counts. You might remember that we've invested in half a dozen individual retail buildings in Coconut Grove that were also re-leasing at a barometer -- as a barometer for demand in rents. When complete, we expect to have roughly $200 million invested throughout Coconut Grove and obviously including CocoWalk, generating over $12 million annually with strong growth prospects about $70 million of value creation. Next, you'll notice that we've added through our 8-K disclosure a new Santana Row office project across the street at Santana West. You can see the renderings on federalrealty.com or santanarow.com. The 360,000 square foot 8-story office building hopefully the first of two or even three on this 12-acre site in total for one million square feet will be built spec with construction to start later this year and deliveries to tenants beginning in 2021 and continuing into late 2022. The decision to move forward spec was not made likely, but it's pretty clear that the floor of the fully amenitized Santana Row community was instrumental in our previous success, attracting office users here and that the unmet demand for big 50,000 square foot floor plates in environments like this continues unabated with very little new supply coming on during our delivery period. Basically, we believe this sites adjacency to Santana Row is a huge-risk mitigator as is our balance sheet and resulting in a lower cost of capital. The initial investment on this site will approximate $300 million, though roughly $50 million of that will support parking and infrastructure for future development. Construction costs are up a bunch since we started 700 Santana Row, so our underwriting -- underwritten stabilized yield is in the 6% to 7% range. We hope to be at the higher end of that range we will see, but in any event creating $75 million to a $100 million in value. Phase three construction projects at both Assembly Row and Pike & Rose continue on schedule and on budget and both communities continue to mature and cement themselves as importance staples in their respective communities. Leasing on the office components of Phase 3s are generating lots of interest at both locations. You will remember that we announced Puma as the anchor tenant at Assembly and that we Federal Realty will be the anchor tenant at Pike & Rose as we consolidate our headquarters there. And we continue to get closer to other deals. We're looking forward to having many of you join us for our Investor Day next week on May 9 in Somerville, Mass, where you can see for yourselves the progress being made in the Assembly. And finally you may have heard that last week, our team working in close conjunction with city officials in South Miami, Florida was successful in securing entitlements at Sunset Place that allow for a significant increased activity -- density on our site there, a unanimous vote in our favor by the city. Those entitlements which contemplate a hotel, residential and commercial GLA with total roughly 900,000 square feet. The new entitlements are just the first step, but an important one in evaluating viability of a meaningful change to the obsolete retail center that stands there today. There are also subject to an immediate 30-day appeal period, but clearly the land under the Sunset Place become a lot more valuable with those developments. At Federal, and at our partners Grass River and the Comras Company, we are extremely grateful to the communities leaders who worked tirelessly with our team to advance their city with this very important first steps. Stay tuned. And that's about it for my prepared remarks for the quarter. Let me now turn it over to Dan for some additional color and then open the line to your questions.
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you, Don and good morning. Let's start with a quick review of the numbers for the quarter. The $1.56 of reported FFO per share was a couple pennies above our model and in line with consensus. The numbers in the first quarter were driven primarily due to lower property level expenses and a strong quarter for term fees most of which were already reflected in our guidance. Offset by noise around, the new lease accounting standard and more drag from our redevelopment remerchandising initiatives at properties both in the comparable and non-comparable pools. Adjusting for lease accounting on an apples-to-apples basis, FFO grew 4% for the quarter. Our comparable POI metric came in at 3.5% for the first quarter, ahead of our expectations heading in. Term fees, positive gains from our proactive re-leasing activity and expense savings all contributed to the strong metric. While term fees drove the metric by over 200 basis points, keep in mind the result was accomplished in the face of almost 100 basis points of drag from repositioning programs at some of our larger assets in the comparable pool, like, Plaza El Segundo in L.A. and Huntington in Long Island. Now to the new lease accounting standard ASC 842. Don highlighted in his remarks the new lease accounting standard, which was implemented effective January 1, impacted our results by $0.02 per share. ASC 842 had several aspects, which will impact our earnings moving forward, as well as require modest changes to the presentation of our financials. Let me walk through some of those components which will impact the numbers. The first is the treatment of leasing cost, which we have talked about over the last few quarters where previously we were able to capitalize certain leasing costs, which will now have to be expensed. The second is revenue recognition, including our straight-line accounting policy. Federal has always taken a conservative approach to assessing collectibility of straight-line rents and we will continue to do so moving forward. However, this new standard no longer allows partial reserves and requires revenue to be recognized on a cash basis in certain circumstances. This change resulted in a modest hit to Q1 earnings. And lastly, on our balance sheet with respect to leaseholds, where Federal is the lessee, operating leases will now reside on the balance sheet as operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities, effectively increasing the balance sheet by $75 million. Capital leases have been reclassified as finance lease liabilities. Neither of these lease liability changes will have any impact on our income statement. ASC 842 also impacts presentation of our income statement. Those impacts are detailed on Page 11 of our 8-K supplement, as well as in our 10-Q. Speaking of our 8-K financial supplement, you may have noticed a slight increase in the cost of our development project at 700 Santana on our development schedule. The project scope was expanded to include a complete renovation of the Plaza in front of the new building at the end of Santana Row for a total of $5 million. We will receive more rent from the tenants on the Plaza so there is no impact or projected return. We also pushed out the timing of when we will begin to recognize straight-line rent from response at 700 Santana from 4Q of 2019 to 1Q of 2020. However, there will be no delay to build and completion, or to the commencement of CAF rent later in 2020. Now on to the Capital Markets. We closed on 10 additional condos of Pike & Rose during the quarter and have an additional eight condos under contract bringing our total to 88 of 99 units sold are under contract. Almost done, and still ahead of our underwriting. On the non-core disposition front, we are in contract to sell one of our Maryland assets for $72 million, a low-to-mid six cap rate and we expect to close later this quarter. We also had conversations ongoing for an additional $150 million to $200 million of potential assets sales. Initial indications show pricing including the aforementioned Maryland sale at a blended mid-5s cap rate. While we don't expect all of these conversations to open the lid result of the transaction, these active discussions provide further evidence of strength in investor demand for our noncore assets. On the acquisition side, in late February, we closed on a small acquisition in Fairfax County for $23 million. Fairfax Junction an oldie and CBS-anchored assets, which we knew simply as an attractive risk adjusted capital deployment with redevelopment potential down the road. This transaction is a direct result of us opening a regional office in Northern Virginia and adding boots on the ground in the market, a great start to the initiative with more to come. We continue to target additional opportunities in Northern Virginia, as well as in our other core markets and hope to have more to report in the coming quarters. Now onto the balance sheet. Our net debt-to-EBITDA stands at 5.4 times. Our fixed charge coverage ratio remains at 4.2 times and our weighted average debt maturity remains near the top of the sector at just over 10 years. During the quarter we raised $69 million of common equity for our ATM program at an average price of $135 per share. Even with our $1 billion plus in process development pipeline, our A-rated balance sheet equipped with the diversity of low-cost funding sources, leaves us extremely well positioned to execute our multi-facetted business plan and continue to drive sector leading FFO growth over the next few years and beyond. Next is guidance. We are leaving the range where it is at $6.30 to $6.46 per share. We're also leaving our annual comparable POI growth estimate at about 2%, despite the good start this quarter as we still have a lot of 2019 left to go. Please be reminded that on a apples-to-apples basis adjusting for the lease accounting standard this guidance range reflects FFO growth of 2.5% to 5% versus 2018. And with that, we look forward to seeing many of you in Boston next Thursday for our Investor Day at Assembly Row where you will have an opportunity to take a deep dive into the components of our diversified business plan as well as see first-hand the breadth of our management team including the next generation of talented Federal Realty. Today's is the last day to register, so please contact Leah if you haven't signed up and would like to attend. With that, operator, you can open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is now open.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey good morning down there. So two questions. First, can you just talk a little bit more about the office at Santana West? Your thoughts on going spec versus getting an anchor lease and then what you're thinking about as far as the demand mix for type of tenant? Are you looking for one user? Are you looking for maybe just two large-scale users or small users just some sort of thoughts on how the project your envisioning in?
Jeff Berkes: Sure Alex. This is Jeff. Thanks a lot for the questions. First off we're very excited about getting going on one Santana West. It's going to be a great building. As John said eight story, it's all concrete which is unique in the valley 13 floor heights, nice big floor plates, great outdoor space, good parking, and you can walk across all in the row right to Santana Row. So, it's going to be really, really cool building very efficient and we're excited to get going on it. As you know the office space at Santana Row has been hugely successful. We leased up 500 and 700 quickly once we started construction. All the rest of the space we have there stays virtually 100% leased. Whenever we lose a tenant, we backfill the space very quickly. So, we're really bullish on the office space in and around Santana. The market is in an interesting place right now. There's still significant job growth in Silicon Valley. The bulk of that job growth as you know is from tech tenants. And obviously most tech tenants are office-using jobs. So, there's a lot of demand. And right now quite frankly there isn't lot of supply. I think the development pipeline under construction right now is six million feet or so in Silicon Valley and 80% of that is pre-leased. And there is not a lot in the pipeline. This will be one of the few buildings that gets delivered in this window and one of the only buildings that has Santana-Row-type amenities to go along with it. And that has really become a requirement for getting office space leased today in the valley. So, I think our timing is very good. Or desire of course is to do a single building user. It's more efficient. Usually end up with quicker lease start -- rent start. So, that's our goal. Once we get the building underway, we'll see how things are going in the market. And if we're not able to achieve that we'll start to break the building later in the construction process. So, I think that covers both parts of your question, but let me know if it doesn't. Thanks again.
Alexander Goldfarb: Jeff that was incredibly thorough. And then the second question is just going to the lease term fees north of 200 basis point in the quarter obviously was a lot but maybe I didn't pick up any nervousness in your tone about more credit watch list tenants or more trepidation in the future. So, maybe you could just talk a little bit about with this -- because it sounds like generically across retail land first quarter was a cleanup but most of the companies feel like they are looking at better prospects heading forward in the year. So, maybe just a sense of what you guys are expecting? Or if there's maybe still some residual concern on the part of landlords that maybe things look fine now, but maybe as we progress in the year there is another batch of tenants that are going to experience difficulty later in the year?
Don Wood: Yes, Alex look it's a new time. And I think this is frankly the new normal in terms of the next few years. And so you don't have nervousness from my perspective in terms of lease termination fees as you know. What this -- the entire mindset here is to get this portfolio and make sure that this portfolio is relevant and consolidating if you will. Being most important retail sites, we think we got the best real estate in 2025. I am not particularly worried 90 days -- for every 90 days I can't be. Because then I'd be nervous worried about this guy or that guy. But the real estate is really good. And so to the extent we've got in any quarter a lease termination fees that are a big number or a small number -- here again we're laughing. We'll go out on a limb for you. The first quarter of 2020 will probably be weak in terms of comparable same-store growth. How about that right? Because it works both ways. This is part of the business. I would expect this to continue not necessarily in the size of the number. It depends on what we've got. We're certainly trying to get the most when there -- the tenant trying a leave and I think the continuation of this should be what you should expect. To me, the point is economically getting a bunch of money from a tenant because of a strong lease that can't be replaced for incremental cash over that period of time. It should be something that's applauded and that's what we're trying to do.
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. Let me just take onto that a bit, Alex. Wendy and I and our leasing teams are aggressive about getting lease term fees, right? I mean, we could have let Lowe sit in the space of Crow Canyon pay the rent. They were good for the rent. But I want to control that space, and I want to put somebody in that I want in the center. And we're confident that we can replace the rent, so why not go after a big lease term fee. And that plays itself out daily when we're talking to leasing people. It's part of our business plan. And we're aggressive about it. So yeah expect to see more.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Your line is now open.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. Good morning. I just want to go back to the comparable NOI growth guidance of 2%. I mean, if you exceeded that in the first quarter and lease term fees helped that, I guess it implies that you could be below 2% for the rest of the year. And so maybe just talk about how we should think about the quarterly moves in comparable NOI growth? And kind of what's driving some of the  the rest of the years slowing?
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah. I think  we still have three quarters left to go. So there's still lot of 2019 to kind of come across. In terms of where we see trajectory of quarter-by-quarter, we'll be below trend in both the second and third quarter is what our expectation is where we'll probably be in the kind of the 1% range for second quarter 1% range for third quarter and we'll above trend in the fourth quarter. And it's just too so even with good start to the year for us to be kind of changing kind of our expectations for the annual metric.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Thanks, Dan. Just second question is on Bed Bath. Are there any other closings contemplated in the portfolio besides Huntington? And if you just talk about your exposure to expirations over the next few years there? Thoughts on how much of that space Bed Bath might give back? And the type of tenant that you think is looking  would look to backfill that size space?
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah. Let's do this a couple of ways. First of all, don't expect any further closings from them this year and next year. But that company has brought in a firm to negotiate the real estate deals, which to me is always a  it's just certainly rough on the business plan of the existing team. I'd like to be running real estate when somebody comes in from the outside. So I don't like that. I don't think that's a good thing. Having said that, our leases are strong in the particular place in Huntington, what it affectively does for us in Huntington is a really good thing. I mean that shopping center sits directly next to one of the highest performing malls certainly on the islands and what  Simon just did a beautiful job renovating. That opens up a site for us. There is one or two others. We'd like to effectively get back because the demand we've got for that space, and I don't really want to talk as we are somewhere relatively advanced with somebody there I don't want to mention it right now. But you can imagine, if you've got that size of piece of land adjacent to one of the mall then you're not particularly worried about creating value at that shopping center over the long term. In terms of some of the other places that we have Bed Baths or the gap for that purpose or anybody else who is trying to figure out how they are going to play in the future. It comes down to the real estate. And for us at least losing a tenant of that size while it hurts in a quarter as it certainly did in this quarter for us don't forget how much it un-restricts the real estate going forward which gives us more options than we would otherwise have. Wendy, I don't know if you want to add anything to that? I am sorry go ahead.
Nick Yulico: No, no. Thanks. That's helpful. I guess just to be clear. I mean, how should we think about the expirations that are coming from Bed Bath in your portfolio over the next couple of years? How many expiring leases are going to pop up?
Don Wood: You see nothing more in 2019 nothing in 2020, four coming up in 2021 and then a few each year from there.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Don Wood: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. I want to discuss the new office building in Santana Row and the parking ratios. So you have lot 1,750 parking spaces kind of implies if you use it in one in play for parking space, 205 square feet per employee. I know it's not perfect like that. But just how do you think about how much parking to put there? And would that have been different if you built this thing five years ago?
Jeff Berkes: Good question Ki Bin. It's Jeff. The 1,750 parking spaces includes a big garage at the back of the side that will support not only one Santana West but two Santana West. So we're building a little bit more parking upfront than we need, because we have to the way the construction works for the second building. The parking ratio in Silicon Valley is driven by the market. And the market is three per thousand. So, when we have both one and two Santana West up, we'll be part of three per thousand.
Ki Bin Kim: And is there something different about how you build parking garages today. Just getting ready for a world where there is less kind of own or used cars? And is that change at all how you build those parking structures to give you optionality?
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. We're more in favor of flat floors than ramped -- parking on ramps. That's generally what we execute. And these two buildings just dive a little bit further into the weeds. They will have one per thousand parking below the buildings. So, if you're an Executive and higher up in the company, you can pull right under the building get on one elevator and go directly to your space. That's how we parked 700 Santana Row as well. And then, the other two per thousand are in a structure in the back of the site. So, down the road, I don't know, 20, 30 years from now, 40 years from now, whatever it is. If you don't need more than one per 1000, the parking garage could come down and we could put something on the back of the site that's revenue generating. So we think about things like that and flexibility when we're running out our projects but...
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah. That's an important point Ki Bin. I mean, it costs more obviously to go on to that building a little bit. It costs more to build a structure, not per se, but it could the way we're laying it out with flat floors to be able to have that flexibility. But the notion of being able to park it solely on the footprint of the building would be a huge advantage. Because if we are able to ultimately take down that garage behind or convert that garage into a moneymaking office building or other use area, it would be hugely beneficial. So, it's smart thinking relative to today with tomorrow on mind.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And then just going back to the Bed Bath & Beyond question. I noticed that -- obviously last one store, but the rents you're collecting from Bed Bath & Beyond dropped 9%. And similar for Ascena you lost one store, but the rents you're collecting seems to have dropped 8.5%. So is there something else going on in the mix?
Don Wood: Well, the Bed Bath & Beyond store that we lost was relative to our other stores of higher rent payer.
Dan Guglielmone: And that was certainly the case there with Ascena.
Wendy Seher: With Ascena, the location that we lost was -- that we really didn't lose. We negotiated to replace with Lane Bryant and Huntington is a situation when we took a space we split it, and then we leased it to from a merchandising standpoint two strong tenants between Chipotle and America's Best.
Don Wood: With the disproportionate rent can you say?
Dan Guglielmone: That was driven by northeast where basically we did a short-term hunt to kind of fill -- we've already released that space to another tenant at about the same rent, a better merchandising play. So that was the bigger -- the biggest mover, and that's at one of our centers in Philadelphia.
Ki Bin Kim: So, it wasn't like you had to give rent release to five other boxes.
Dan Guglielmone: No.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, guys. Good morning. Don, in your opening remarks, you talked about retailers' desire to focus on the debt center here. If I look at your leasing stats, your leasing cost in particular, they are basically double what they were for -- what they were almost in all of 2018. I know it's only one quarter and this stuff can be lumpy but, can you just talk about the added cost here to defend and invest in your assets in the current environment we're in. And therefore, should we expect to see a higher level of cost in the near term similar to what we're seeing here?
Don Wood: It depends on the quarter Jeremy. You're looking at -- don't extrapolate this over the future in a big way. We did 247,000 feet this quarter and more than double that in the fourth quarter. So first of all, you're talking about a couple of specific deals. And on the couple of specific deals that we did, they are all in the case of reinvesting and repositioning them for the future. So it would be part of not all are in the redevelopment schedule, because the merchandising is not necessarily on our redevelopment schedule. But it's all about getting rid of tenants that we don't think will be around and tenants that and placing them with tenants that we think will be really strong in the 2023, 2024, 2025 time frame. So that's what you're doing there. Again, smaller volumes so bigger impact of just a couple of deals this time. Don't refer there to the math.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. And then, just going back to the last question here that was asked. It was asked on a couple of specific tenants, but just generally can you talk about any sort of activity on the modifications from what you're looking at here, as you just looked to reposition to your point on looking further down the road. How active are you on taking some further modifications just to tee those up for bigger repositioning in the next couple of years?
Don Wood: Very active. It's our overall perspective of the environment. I mean this -- the last business I ever want to be in is, hey look at me. My rents are the cheapest and I can get another 10% or cheaper rent. I don't want to be in that business. We can't be in that business. We're in the business of consolidating the best properties in the marketplace. And that means, I mean, the last way I want to compete is solely on rent. I don't want to be able to compete on a better place of that tenant to be able to make money. So we go through property by property by property, places we can't figure out how to get that done. It's part of the list that Dan gave you in terms of dispositions. Before luckily, it's not a big part of our company, but there are certainly some and we're working through on that. Any other place Jeremy that we've got an active way to proactively go in and solidify the shopping center for the next five years we're doing. Those opportunities avail themselves along the way as tenants do fail. That's the environment we're in today. That's why you should expect lease termination fees. That's where we are. Take a look at the real estate and figure out whether you believe that real estate is going to be worth more in five years or less in five years. No capital that we're spending that we believe is being flushed down so that the property will be worth less in five years. And that's a fundamental important distinction between this business plans and others.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Samir Khanal with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Samir Khanal: Hey, Don. I was wondering if you could just maybe talk a little bit about the kind of the overall leasing environment. Obviously, you had some impact from closures like everybody else in the industry, but sort of -- as you sort of think about the pipeline and the activity level, how would you maybe stack up the pipeline today versus a year ago? And kind of the mix of those tenants?
Don Wood: Well you know Samir, this is -- it's funny. I'm always accused of being the most glass half empty guy in the room and I can't help that. It is about making sure that protecting that downside and setting yourself up for the future. There is no doubt in my mind. And I'm looking over Wendy if I finish this because I want her to jump in out here that that there isn't a property that we are spending capital on in the markets that we're in where we don't have significant demand from tenants. Now the clear notion of just trying to backfill a big box with another big box user is not something we really want to do. We don't really see that as the future. And so that's a generalized comment. It doesn't pertain to any particular tenant, but there will be times. We are clearly trying to create boxes or spaces that work for five and seven years and out. That does mean smaller in a lot of markers that we're doing. It does mean capital in terms of splitting or reconfiguring space that there. The way we look at that Samir is to the extent we believe that that will create a growing stream of income. Again with the cost of our capital in their figures in all the way through for the next five years we're going to do it. So it is a disruptive time. I don't know anybody that I talked to on either the retailer side or on the private developer side that doesn't recognize that this retail leasing environment is one that is harder than it's been in prior cycles or prior times. A lot of what I see kind of has leverage on the side of those retailers who certainly will try to renegotiate everything kind of the Bed Bath example is a good one that we talked about before. But what do you have on the landlord side to battle that. And I don't know anything that's more important than the location and the ability for that tenant to create value to create profit in that space. I will take that all day long over my rent is the cheapest as the way to get somebody in. So that's kind of what we see.
Samir Khanal: Thanks, Don. And then. I'm sorry?
Wendy Seher: I just wanted to add that from a global perspective, as we are in the trenches and kind of having these discussions with retailers it is disruptive, but we're seeing that it provides us opportunities to strengthen the merchandising which again goes hand-in-hand with that number one criteria of location. It seems to be most important. And as I look at it globally, I also I'm looking and listening to deal volume activity, conversation and that is still strong within our properties. So I feel comfortable that we are able to get after these. It might take a little bit more time than we would want to on a -- especially when we are looking at it on a every 90-day basis, but in order to create the merchandising we want we were getting the activity and the categories I think are still strong.
Samir Khanal: Okay. Thanks for the color. And then Don I guess just sticking to the subject I mean, we know we've got ICSC a month away and -- I mean kind of what are you thinking about sort of accomplishing there? And is there any kind of initial thoughts and maybe any sort of themes that could emerge this time around?
Don Wood: The way we use ICSC, Samir is really to showcase our large developments where we have those big opportunities effectively to do stuff. We will be talking little bit about Sunset. We will be talking about CocoWalk, for example down there in a big way. We will be talking about those shopping centers that we're trying to reposition. So we always kind of, seen it with those big opportunities. And then we have our entire team there and that is all about the blocking and tackling of getting deals done. At that's our focus. That's always our focus underneath the highlighted ones that we like to show and that's where we will be this year. I don't expect that to be different.
Samir Khanal: Okay. Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is now open.
Christy McElroy: Hi. Good morning. Just a follow-up on the lease term fees just some clarification question. So the $5.4 million this year versus the $1.9 million last year is all of that associated with the same-store pool? And then if I think about the 200 basis point or so additive to the Q1 growth rate if that is all associated what's the full year impact expected to be versus the 2% same-store guidance? Because I know that you're also facing some tough comps in Q3 given that you had a lot of lease term last year.
Don Wood: Yes. I think most of the term fees are in the comparable pool. There was maybe one small that was maybe $100,000 of it was in the non-comparable pool. And in terms of kind of big picture, look this year is expected to be another year of -- we had $7.7 million in term fees last year. I think we expect this year to have a -- probably a comparable number of term fees. Maybe we'll do more or less. But what's interesting is that as a percentage of the size of the company while this is -- these seem large on a relative basis if you look at it in terms of the size of the company, it's kind of in line with our kind of 10-year and 20-year history in terms of where term fees have been over the last 20 years. The average has been around $4.5 million over the last 10 years kind of in the $5.5 million to $6 million. It's not unusual. We are growing almost $1 billion revenue company. And the term fees represent even with a strong year like we had last year and we expect this year it's still less than 70 basis points to 80 basis points of our revenue base.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then I guess, just for the unconsolidated hotel JVs that sort of lost some partnership line at least from what I can tell that EBITDA component of that is pretty minimal currently. Just maybe bigger picture would you expect this to become more of a positive contributor over time?
Dan Guglielmone: Absolutely, Christy. You open up new hotel there is a ramp. And in both cases both performing well relative to expectations, but not performing in any meaningful -- contributing any meaningful cash flow. We certainly expect both of those hotels to be contributing meaningful cash flows as we move forward as they mature. We're going to be talking a lot about that not necessarily the hotel per se because it's small, but in terms of the maturation process of these big projects on Thursday. And I think we'll show you some pretty enlightening stuff of what happens over the periods of time that will give you some confidence that that will continue to grow.
Christy McElroy: All right. Thanks. I will see you next week.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Derek Johnston : Hey, good morning. Thank you. You guys have had a good run year-to-date and trading pretty close to NAV. So how do you think about funding development, redevelopment via increased ATM action or even equity issuance given the attractive cost of equity versus further nonsale of noncore assets?
Dan Guglielmone : Yes, look we got as we like to say multiple arrows in our quiver of low cost funding sources. The A minus rating that we have gives us the lowest cost to capital from a debt perspective. As we're continuing to grow we grow FFO. We grow EBITDA we are creating leverage-neutral debt capacity. So that's clearly the biggest source of incremental capital that we have. We're generating in the range of $75 million to $100 million given the size of our company, free cash flow after dividends and maintenance capital. And I think that the balance between accessing the ATM when our stock is trading at attractive levels like it was this quarter with rates down and balancing that with tax-efficient asset sales where we can redeploy that capital into our business our development and redevelopment is a powerful capability that we have. And we'll continue to have that balanced approach to how we fund our business. But we can fund over the next three years without any need for additional capital just through free cash flow leverage-neutral debt capacity and our asset sale tax-efficient asset sale pool $1 billion plus pipeline over the next three years.
Derek Johnston : Okay. Great. And any further color on Sunset in regards to the entitlement win? And definitely congrats, it's a big deal. Given the increased construction cost and delayed timing has your thinking or vision for this site changed as well as development yield expectations?
A  Don Wood: Well yeah. Certainly over -- and I think I'd mentioned this in past calls. Certainly over the three years or three-plus years that we've owned the property, I mean everybody knows what's happened in the retail world. Everybody knows what's happened with structural cost associated with it. So it does make it tougher. On the other hand, my goodness this is a good piece of land. It's a great piece of land actually, and getting these entitlements through to really its hard see that if you're not there and don't kind of see it. I don't know how familiar you are with the site to imagine how transformational this will be to an entire local region effectively between Coral Gables and South Miami and even parts of Miami like Coconut Grove. It truly -- I mean what is designed is really pretty cool. We are tweaking it. There is no doubt that we are tweaking it, because we're not looking at the same type of retail mix. We clearly are changing the mix a little bit in terms of what we see between residential and the hotel and the retail. And maybe even a little bit office as we look at it. So, all of that's in play. But as of last week, it is not just a theoretical exercise anymore. It is something, and so therefore we are down and dirty into trying to figure out how we can really change the environment for those South Miami residents and everybody around it. There is a possibility we can get something good down there.
Derek Johnston : All right good stuff.
A  Don Wood: Thanks Derek.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Q  Mike Mueller: Hi. Good morning. You mentioned asset sales of potentially $160 million to $260 million or so. Is there anything reflecting or contemplating that you could take in the back half of the year for acquisitions?
A  Dan Guglielmone: Well, we don't factor in kind of acquisitions or dispositions as we know with regards to our guidance from that perspective. We did acquire an asset during the quarter a small one. We are planning to close kind of towards the end of this quarter with a $72 million disposition. I think we're going to continue to be opportunistic, try in and get some of that $150 million to $200 million of conversations over the finish line, at attractive pricing. And we look to be opportunistic on the acquisition side as well. We'll see what comes down.
A  Don Wood: Yeah. Mike I'd add to that. I mean there are a couple of things we're looking at now. I mean, there are always a couple of things that we're looking at. But there's a couple that we're looking at, and actually have me interested at the moment. So whether we get over the finish line, or actually get stuff done that way. Look when you're sitting you look at all of the economics between acquisitions and development, redevelopment et cetera. Redevelopment is number one. Development is number two, and acquisition is number three. It's how I would rate it today. But that's a global comment. And within that, there are places where that chronology changes a little bit. So, I wouldn't be surprised if you show us some acquisitions. I don't know whether it will be second half of this year or earlier into next year or whatever. But don't think we're blind to it. We're not.
Q  Mike Mueller: Great, okay. Thats it thank you.
Operator: Thank you
A  Don Wood: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Q  Jeff Donnelly: Good morning, folks. Two questions, one on the leasing front I think it's about 40% of the leases that have been signed by Federal in the last three years or so or new leases compared to I think it's about just 15% for all your peers. What drives that gap? Is it just presentation? Do you guys exclude option exercises from your activity? Or is it more of a philosophical difference at least you do a preference for churning your tenants more?
A  Don Wood: No. There is no question. And I feel like I have been repeating myself a bunch today. So I'm going to work on my articulation a little bit Jeff. But we are all about creating the right merchandising for the future. It's not just about renewing failed concepts or average concepts. If we got better real estate you should be able to create -- to attract new tenants for a new economy for a new consumer set of behavior. And so, it's been actually a goal effectively of ours. And so it doesn't -- that's -- what you said is true and not surprising at all. In fact I think it does show the differences in how we approach creating value in real estate. I don't know what the option exercise answer is in terms of whether we include them or not to Jeff's point.
A  Wendy Seher: We don't include them.
A  Don Wood: We do not include option exercise. So, I guess that factors in a little bit too but that's the big point Jeff.
Q  Jeff Donnelly: Okay. And just maybe a second question is for you Don is that where are you with your, I think it was Decentralization 2.0 plan? I mean where are you at putting in the place the structure and personnel to achieve I guess that next stage that you're looking for?
A  Don Wood: Just about done, just about done. The Northern Virginia office we're in temporary space now. But we'll be in permanent space in the next couple of months. The other team has moved over there. So from the decentralization of Washington D.C. for example, just about all set up. In terms of New York and Boston completely set up. In terms of the West Coast as you know for a long time completely set up. Our next question will be what are we doing in Miami? And do we want a full-service office there? How do we want to look at that? So that will be one of the things that -- that piece of it is certainly not done. I was very anxious to see what happened down at Sunset. Very anxious in spending some more time in South Florida which we do view as a very attractive market, particularly with some of the tax law changes and the attractiveness of Florida that way as it relates to northeast, so interesting. That's the piece of it that's not done, the rest of it's done and put in place basically.
Q  Jeff Donnelly: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Q  Reuben Treatman: Hi. This is Reuben on for Tayo. Just have two questions. What would be driving comparable POI growth to close to 1% in 2Q and 3Q before it rebound in 4Q as was described earlier in the call?
A  Don Wood: I think it's just going to be kind of timing of anchor box kind of refill and kind of going through some of the churn and some of our anchors over the course of the year, and just tough comps particularly in the third quarter. I mean that will be kind of I think the two of the main drivers of the second and third quarter, but below trend metrics that we expect at this point.
Q  Reuben Treatman: Got you. And then I guess additionally, can you give an update on your tenant watch list?
A  Don Wood: With regards to tenant I mean -- look we keep our eye on. I think a lot of us with the same names, a lot of peers are. And one of the things that is -- the peer ones and models of the world where the kind of the first quarter kind of new names to the list in terms of kind of being -- kind of about the forefront. We don't have a lot of exposure there. We have some. We've got five peer ones, represent about 15 basis points of revenue. We've got four models. They represent about 13 or 14 basis points of revenue. So not a lot of exposure, but it is something we do keep an eye on. I don't know Wendy if you got any others that are kind of bubbling up for the top of the list, but -- yes I think it's the same list that a lot of our peers have just generally.
Q  Reuben Treatman: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Q  Craig Schmidt: Thank you. I'm returning to shops in the Sunset Place. I notice the occupancy went from 74% to 66%. Is this you preparing the site for the retailers? And maybe could you talk through a little bit about the NOI that may have to come offline as you get more serious about the project?
A  Don Wood: Yes. There is no question about it that obviously this period of stagnation if you will in terms of what was going to happen certainly uncertainty at Sunset over the past three years is not exactly what a retailer wants to hear in terms of his or her ability to get re-up. What I love about Sunset is the anchor system. So when you look at a really strong performing AMC there, when you look at couple of the other entertainment uses that company put games on for one when you look at all these fitness and how well they do their and most importantly the parking garage which is incredibly valuable as you can imagine. They are not only for tenants at Sunset Place, but we actually lease out to medical uses that are in the area. We've got a good basis, but the rest of it is very good. And so Craig, you've seen this way on us over the past three years, we're not -- it's not done well enough. There is no question about it. It will continue to deteriorate until we are able to effectively do the new deals and new merchandising that would be part of a plan. So expect continued deterioration in 2019 and probably '20 over 2019 also.
A  Dan Guglielmone: We did a very good job over the last few years since we've owned it of maintaining reasonable, relative occupancy there. We saw kind of first the floodgates open a little bit in the first quarter particularly on small shop where we left another 30,000 square feet of small shop tenancy there. It has been as Don said, weighing on us over the -- since we bought the asset in terms of occupancy levels. If you back out Sunset from our small shop metrics on the occupancy side, on the lease percentage side, it weighs on us 150 basis points. So we'd be 150 basis points higher on the lease side and a 120 basis points higher on the occupied side on the small shop. It's Sunset but not part of it, so a big big drag to those metrics.
Q  Craig Schmidt: Well with potential entitlements coming that's going to totally change the trajectory I guess of the project. So good luck on that.
A  Don Wood: Thanks Craig. When it absolutely changes, is the value of the piece of land itself obviously which has already happened.
Q  Craig Schmidt: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's Q&A session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Leah for any closing remarks.
Leah Brady: Thanks for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you in Boston next week. Please reach out any questions you have about registration on Investor Day. Thank you. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. And you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-14 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2018 Federal Realty Investment Trust Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Leah Brady. Ma'am, you may begin.
Leah Brady: Thank you, good morning. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G, Jeff Berkes, Wendy Seher, Dawn Becker and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. A reminder that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and it's actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K, and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. These documents are available on our website. We will be hosting an Investor Day on May 9 at Assembly Row in Boston; you should have received the save-the-date, if not, please let me know. Keep your eyes on for an invitation with additional details and registration link in the next few weeks. We look forward to seeing you all there. Given the number of participants on the call, we finally ask that you limit your questions to one or two per person during the Q&A portion of our call. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to jump back in queue. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our fourth quarter results. Don?
Don Wood: Thanks, Leah and good morning, everyone. We finished our 2018 particularly strong with reported FFO per share in the fourth quarter of $1.57, better than we had expected resulting in a full year 2018 results of $6.23 a share, 6.8% better than last year for the quarter, 5.4% better for the year. Just to have the point out right upfront; this is the ninth year in a row that we have reported FFO increases over the prior year, the only shopping centers read to do so, as the fifteenth year of the past sixteenth that we've done so. We also expect to grow in 2019, please let that sink in in later today's environment. A lot went right this quarter and subsequently through today, that both benefited the fourth quarter operating results, and more importantly, cash flow in the future. Everything from record leasing activity in the quarter to stabilized residential occupancy in our big developments, the powerful office preleasing at both Assembly Row and CocoWalk, all that is contributing to a business plan that more and more seems right for today's demanding and changing consumer. So let me get to some specifics; revenues grew 5.1% quarter-over-quarter and 6.8% year-over-year. Earnings growth at comparable properties was 2% for the quarter, 3.1% for the year. The combo portfolio remains 95% leased to 94% occupied, and our operating expenses including G&A but not including real estate taxes grew at less than 1% for the quarter, and less than 3% for the year; that's a pretty complete formula for largely organic growth. Terms of leasing; we did 107 comparable deals for 574,000 square feet at an average rent of $32.16 a foot, 15% above the $27.96 [ph] that the previous tenant was paying in the last year of their lease. We've never done deals for them at square footage in the quarter before, a record by nearly 10%. For the year, we did 374 comparable deals and 402 total deals for almost 2 million square feet; again, an all-time annual records for us at 12% more rent. So despite this location in the retail real estate business there is plenty of strong retail leasing going on in the dominant quality properties that we know. A few more words on leasing because I don't want to portray it as all rosy. The big difference we see in today's results compared with a few years back is the increased volatility when you look at a large sample size of leases. They grant bumps [ph] and redeveloped and modernized retail destinations are stronger or even stronger than they've ever been. But there is also a number of roll downs on anchor or junior anchor boxes where there are legitimately acceptable alternatives in the market. Now, well that basic supply and demand dynamic have certainly have been around forever, it feels more pronounced today so that the spread between good deals and not so good deals seems to me to be wider. We've talked about for quite some time now the importance of a well-diversified income stream to sustainable growing cash flow, and I couldn't be more proud of the progress we've made in this regard. Our core shopping center portfolio is second to none, and we're looking at harder than ever for densification opportunities in terms of broader real estate uses, retail resin [ph] office, following the successes we've had or having at places like the Point in Elsa Gondo [ph], Tower Shops in Florida, Congressional Plaza in Rockville, and many more, you know the list. We broke ground this quarter on our initial development phase at our Kenwood Shopping Center which includes 87 luxury apartments and expanded planning for the development of the balance of the east end of the site. In the next few months, we're hopeful we'll get investment committee approval to move forward with the redevelopment of the entire western portion of Graham Park Plaza, our long time owned 19-acre shopping center that sits inside the beltway on Route 50 in Fairfax County, Virginia; that plan includes the addition of about 200 apartments and twice making incorporated into a reinvigorated retail shopping destination. And we're getting closer in Darien, Connecticut with negotiation feasibility of a residential over retail mixed used community right at the train station in this New York City suburb. But for a building permit we now have all local and state entitlement to develop 75,000 square feet of new retail space and a 122 rental apartments; diversify and intensify wherever feasible. The big development news over the past few months involved Assembly Row, [indiscernible] and CocoWalk. After achieving stabilization in 2018 as the big residential component of our second phase at assembly row, and higher rents and at a quicker pace than we had expected. We were anxious to capitalize on this -- that success with the start of our next phase. In addition, the menstruation of assembly as a first class office location solidified by partner's healthcare and the active T-stop in bold enough to add more office products, there too. So we're underway, we're driving files. Two high-rise buildings; one directly at the foot of the Tea-stop with 500 rental apartments above ground floor retail, and the second, a $300000 square foot, Class A Office Building, half of which is pleased to German shoe and apparel maker, Puma, for their North American headquarters. I hope you saw the separate announcement on Puma several weeks back. Together a $475 million Phase 3 expansion at one of the country's most successful mature development that we're conservatively underwriting to combine 6% yield with full and infrastructure allocation and near 7% on an incremental cash basis. With the commitment of West Elm [ph] to take the final 12,000 square feet adjacent to pinstripes and Pike & Rose, our retail space has all been leased, at least once. As West Elm [ph] and the remaining tenants open throughout 2019 and the residential units remain 95% occupied, the first two phases of Pike & Rose will be fully stabilized, construction on the 212,000 square foot spec office building, and the 600 parking space parking garage in Phase 3 is now fully under construction for tenant occupancy in 2021. At CocoWalk at Miami, we made very strong progress on both construction and leasing on this 256,000 square foot redevelopment over the past several months with the signing of the 430,000 square foot office lease executed with Regis [ph] for their spaces concept at the project along with an additional 21,000 square feet of new deals, both restaurants and retailers which when combined with existing tenants gets us to well more than 50% release on this important redevelopment. The office demand here in particular is validating our thesis of consumers wanting to be in a monetized [ph] environment close to home. This property is going to be very special when it's completed. No significant development at sunset place over the last few months as we continue to work toward entitlements that would allow greater density, tenants will continue to leave the property as it sits in it's existing condition, and so sunset will be a significant year-over-year earnings drag in 2019. West Coast construction continues on-schedule and on-budget as we prepare to deliver 700 Santana Road at Splunk later this year. Next step should be the first of two 350,000 square foot office building at Santana West, the 12-acre site that we control across Winchester Boulevard from Santana Row. We expect the investment committee consideration of that project in a couple of months with construction start later this year if we get comfortable with the numbers. Also, Jordan Downs, our 113,000 square foot grocery anchored development in Los Angeles with joint venture partner, Prime Store, is well under construction with it's full anchor program on their lease, 30,000 square feet of sign leases in the fourth quarter alone with Nike and Blank Fitness joining grosser smart and final and value retailer Ross to round out the offerings resulting in more than 75% of the GLA leased at this point. Tension now turns to the small shelf space. And finally, a quick shout out to Wendy Seher, to Jan Sweetnam and the other 11 Federal Realty executives that were promoted last week coming out of our board meeting including Investor favorite James Model. There was a separate press release that lays out the details. You know there's very little about running this company that is more satisfying to me than being able to develop and grow human capital from within. It's not always possible but we strive to be able to do so. To me, it's indicative of the depth of our team and pays off in spades in terms of the continuity of our business plan and our ability to not miss a beat. And yet, says Dan Guglielmone, G&A will go up a bunch next year. And that's about it for my prepared remarks for the quarter and for the full year of 2018. It was a really good one. Let me now turn it over to Dan for some additional color and then opened the line to ask your questions.
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you, Don and Leah. Hello everyone. We are really pleased with our results for fourth quarter and the full year 2018. With FFO per share growth of 6.8% and 5.4% respectively, versus 4Q and full year of 2017, we'd be consensus for both the quarter and for the year by attending. The numbers in the fourth quarter were driven primarily due to lower net real estate taxes offset by greater net impact from failing tenants than was forecast heading into the fourth quarter as well as higher demo and higher G&A. Our comparable POI metric came in at 2% for the fourth quarter as a result of these drivers. The average comparable POI growth per quarter for the year was 3.2%. A solid result in light of the challenging environment. With respect to our former same-store metrics, the quarterly average for the same-store with read depth with 3.1% and same-store without real depth at 2.7%. We are officially retiring these metrics having provided them over the course of 2018 during our transition to a more relevant comparable POI figure. With respect to asset sale and other activity during 2018, we raised over $200 million of proceeds in the aggregate as we closed on over 85% of the market rate condos at Assembly Row and Pike & Rose raising roughly $130 million in proceeds, sold Chelsea Comments residential and Atlantic Plaza Shopping Center and our Boston region at a blended mid fives cap rate raising $42 million and closed on our 50-50 JV at the Row Hotel at Assembly, bringing in $38 million of gross proceeds. On the acquisition side, our discipline was once again evident in 2018 as we aggressively scoured the market for opportunities but to continue to find better risk adjusted capital allocation alternatives in our own portfolio from a redevelopment and development perspective. However, we do have a pipeline of attractive acquisition targets and are optimistic we can bring a couple of them over the finish line in 2019. Now onto the balance sheet. 2018 was the year where we positioned our capital structure exceptionally well to handle the next wave of value creating development and redevelopment activity for the company. We finished the year with roughly $50 million of excess cash and nothing outstanding on a credit facility. We reduced our overall net debt level by over $100 million. We generated upwards of $90 million of recurring free cash flow after dividends and maintenance capital in 2018. As a result, our net debt to EBITDA at year-end is 5.3 times down point from 5.9 times at year-end 2017. Our fixed charge coverage ratio stands at 4.3 times currently versus 3.9 at 4Q 2017. Our weighted average debt maturity remains at the top of the sector at 10 plus years and the weighted average interest rate on our debt stands at 3.88% with over 90% of it fixed. As we push forward with the next wave of development and redevelopment of Federal over the coming years, development which has been significantly de-risked through solid pre-leasing splunk with the 100% of the office leased in 97% of the total building at Santana Row delivery set at the end of the year. Puma with 55% of the office space leased and multiple tenants competing for the balances of the office space as block 5B in Assembly Row delivery slated for late 2021 and registers the IWG spaces concept having pre-leased 50% of the new office space at CocoWalk delivery scheduled for late 2020. Our E-rated balance sheet equipped with a diversity of low-cost funding sources leads us extremely well-positioned to execute our multifaceted business plan and drive sector leading growth through 2019 and into 2020, '21 and beyond. Now, I will turn to 2019 FFO guidance. We are formally providing a range of $6.30 to $6.46 per share. This guidance takes into account the impact of the new lease accounting standard which we estimate at $0.07 to $0.09. While on other items we will be expensing internal leasing and legal costs that were previously capitalized. Please note that on apples to apples basis adjusting for the new accounting standard or FFO growth forecast for 2019 would be roughly 2.5% to 5%. Behind this growth are the underpinnings of a very solid 2019. Occupancy and rental rate gains in our comparable property portfolio will be meaningful. Proactive releasing activity in 2018 will drive growth in 2019 as major tenants like Anthropology in Bethesda, 49ers Fit [ph] and TJ Maxx at Westgate and San Jose, Bob's Furniture at both Lowe's Hardiness and Escondido in Southern California target at Sam's Parkin Shop, NBC among others all contribute more fully over the year. And continued stabilization, our signature, mixed use projects, Assembly Row, Pike $ Rose and Santana Row will all drive meaningful growth to the bottom line in 2019. These items together would drive FFO per share growth into the 6% to 8% range if not for some discreet but somewhat disproportionate headwinds. The leasing impacts and are non-comparable properties, CocoWalk, Grand Park and Sunset Place will weigh on this year's results. Proactive redevelopment and remerchandising activity at some of our dominant regional assets in order to further consolidate their market leading positions, we'll also have an impact. Assets which include Plaza Elsa Gundo in Los Angeles, Huntington Shopping Center on the Island and congressional here in Metro DC. In addition, a recent initiative to establish the next generation of leaders of Federal will meaningfully increase our G&A in 2019 beyond the lease accounting changes. As a result, our guidance underscores a very constructive 2019 for Federal. Now to the detailed assumptions behind our guidance, comparable POI growth of about 2% and total POI growth of 4%. A credit reserve which includes bad debt expense, unexpected vacancy in rent relief of roughly 100 basis points, non-comparable redevelopment, i.e. CocoWalk, Grand Park and Sunset will create about sixth sense of drag relative to 2018 as we work through the continued de-leasing impact of these assets. With respect to G&A, we forecast roughly $10 million to $11 million per quarter. This reflects $0.07 to $0.09 impact from the new lease accounting standard taking effect this year and about $0.05 to $0.06 in higher G&A, primarily relating to the promotions in new additions we mentioned On the capital side we project spending on development and redevelopment of $350 million to $400 million. As is our custom, this guidance as soon as no acquisitions or dispositions. And finally, we are projecting another $70 million to $90 million of free cash flow generation after dividends and maintenance capital. As I close out my comments on guidance, I would like to highlight the Federal diversified business model continues to insistently churn out sector leading FFO growth by a wide margin. When you assess the projected apples to apples FFO growth for 2019, let me have you pause and think about the following statistics. Federal consistently produces outsize bottom line FFO growth relative to our peers, not as adjusted but SEC-endorsed new redefined FFO growth. Over three-year, five-year, ten-year and 15 year-horizons, Federal's FFO growth has outperformed its Bloomberg shopping center peer average by a margin of roughly 8%, 6%, 8% and 7% respectively. That's per annum and that's compounded. With that, we look forward to seeing many of you in Florida in few weeks and please be on the lookout for the invitations to our investor day, which will be held on Thursday, May 9 at Assembly Row in Boston. Operator, you can open up the line for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly of Wells Fargo
JeffDonnelly: Good morning guys, and Dan thanks for the call around guidance. The question is the guidance that you provided seems slightly more conservative than earlier commentary you gave in late 2018. Is that small delta the result of the specific change in your outlook you can talk about or is that really just kind of a nonspecific I guess it's a desire to be cautious looking out in 2019?
DonWood: Yes, I think it's a little bit of a bolt I think that you know when we put things out there we had a placeholder with regards to D&A. In the incremental D&A outside of the lease accounting and so that ended up being a little bit higher and I think just as we work through, you know we -- you know it was a preliminary guide [ph] post you know guidance back in November and as we work through you know a budgeting process which hadn't really yet started until you know mid November 2018 through the end of the year and wasn't finalized until January. I think you know we'll get 60 basis points 4 revision on a $6 and 40 basis so it's tweaking around the edges. It could give you a little bit more conservatism, yes.
JeffDonnelly: And maybe just a second part on the guidance, can you talk about what your assumptions are on cash spreads on renewals for 2019 just because in 2017 they were up 9% and as in 2018 they're up 4%. I guess I'm wondering if there's a trend there if you guys kind of think you saw the bottom here you know maybe that's not so much a trend other than just a mix of lease maturities that you faced?
DonWood: Can you repeat the question? I got you Jeff. You know it is -- I don't have much to add to that. It is a mix, it depends on what deals are coming up how it kind of rolls out plays through. There's no doubt, there are pressure on rents and you know I tried to make that point in the -- in the prepared remarks, there -- at least we say, more volatility, you know, great deals are great, not so great deals are not so great and that you know mix between top and bottom is more when it comes down to renewals I mean if I look in -- just look even at the fourth quarter, I can give you a couple of pretty interesting specifics for the years you know CDS deal had a great property that we have in Northern Virginia, that's a big time renewal increase. At the same time, we sit there with an open deal I think recreational Plaza where they had somewhere else to go and we wound up agreeing to reduce rent on that something that wouldn't have happened a few years back. So it really is a bit more volatile I don't know what more to tell you in terms of you know the notion of how those renewals will play out but I can tell you that overall if you'd certainly expect to see continued growing rents from us. I just can't give you the mixes as precisely as maybe you'd like it.
Dan Guglielmone: I think you'll see more volatility. I think you saw that this year with regards to some of the rollover you know in the range of 6% one quarter, 22% you know you'll see more of that I think going forward.
JeffDonnelly: Just one last question for you, Don. I'm just curious how you guys think about office leasing decisions that you know dissemble you obviously cut the deal with Puma [ph] you know retail brand instead of looking outside of retailing. I'm just curious because for your retail properties you guys have always talked about putting you know thought behind not just economics but how the tenant contributed to the overall merchandizing and other factors. For offices, is it strictly economics is it credit risk is it -- you know what it does to the daytime population? How do you guys kind of think about that?
Don Wood: Yes, that's a great question Jeff, It really is. There is you know on the waiting of merchandising versus economics certainly in on the retail side as you know we put a lot of you know there's a higher weight on the merchandising side. On the office side is less; it is more economics but not completely. So at the end of the day, you know again when we're doing office, we're only doing office at our places where we created that environment on the street. So to the extent the company has a workforce that aligns better with the merchandising that we've done on the retail side on the street that is clearly beneficial or you know they get a checkup in that type of environment. Credit is certainly the most important thing as we look at it on the office side but you know that merchandising component is clearly the component in the way we put there.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Christy McElroy of Citigroup
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, this is Katie McConnell [ph] on for Kristy. So if you can talk generally a little bit more about the yields you're able to achieve on larger mixed use development projects and how you're underwriting future phases as well and how you think about it in the context of ultimate value creation and what these assets can be worth upon stabilization?
Don Wood: I'd love to deal with that one. I'd love to take that one. Look there is no question I don't think I'm saying anything that everybody doesn't know that construction costs are clearly high end and you know probably will go higher as we go forward and you need premium rents to do that. I can tell you the best thing that we have done in the last decade was to not stop our mixed use development program throughout the last recession. That put us as you know in the place of having the places themselves the street level places created during that period of 2013, 2014, 2015. And so the incremental mix used development stuff that we do at those places Pike & Rose [ph], Assembly rows[ph] and Santana row, are you know are risk mitigated in large measure. I very much believe that mixed use properties are at least the good ones are completely integrated in terms of those uses and have to be viewed as integrated in terms of their Cap rates what they would be sold for what those income streams are valued at? And so when we have a chance to jump on, take assembly. The next big piece for residential and office at a combined 6, on a fully loaded basis and closer to a 7 on a cash on cash basis. There's no doubt in my mind we're creating significant value. And that's in a market where construction costs are about as high as any place that we've seen and given what's happening in and around us with the casino and other things that are taking that construction workforce and employing them. So if you just step back then and say all right, do you view these mixed use properties that we're dealing as sub 5 capital you know assets in total? Absolutely we do. We absolutely look at those things as being 1 plus 1 plus 1 equals 4 in terms of office and ready and retail and accordingly to the extent we can put our capital work 6% or better certainly at assets like that. We think we're getting a sufficient premium to our cost of capital plots as has been demonstrated Santana and in Bethesda [ph] as these things are open and yes they take a long time to get up and yes they take a long time to mature but they are the gift that keeps on giving. So the growth rate of those assets we've experienced to be higher than other stuff. So the IRR's are effectively higher than other stuff. So I hope that answers and I hope that puts in context for you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven [ph] of Evercore ISI.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, two questions. I guess Don the follow up on that you know was you think about places like Santana Row in the next days and an office. I mean are you sort of raising the bar at all are you getting a bit more cautious we're getting later in the cycle particularly on the office side as it relates to pre-leasing? Or you know sort of the wiggle room you want on rent? I realize that the apartment side you know is a little bit easier to sort of weather it downturn. So how do you think about the office component this late in the cycle?
Don Wood: Yes, it's a very fair question Steven, and look we absolutely look at this market by market property by property and as we make those decisions and I'll give you a great example. You know when we look across the street at Santana Row when you look at those 13 acres; we had a tenant that we could have signed for the entire 350,000 square feet of space to effectively pre-release that one of those buildings. We decided not to do it. We decided not to do it because of the credit of the tenant, because of the viability of the business plan. Even though the rents were strong. So you know, it's important I think that you know that if we're allocating capital and we're allocating the underwriting if you will, the quality of the tenants that we're getting that while they are completely -- while they're very much de-risked because of the environment we've created the not totally de-risked and so we look really closely at the credit, we look really close at diversity of the tenant base, we look very close as to the prospects of you know their impact on the rest of the shopping center as [indiscernible] asked early on. In conjunction -- in total, we feel real strongly about Silicon Valley in terms of those opportunities over the next 2 or 3 or 4 years you know beyond that we'll have to see. It is not as vibrant at all in Montgomery County Maryland and that's why we're doing 1 building relatively small size. We know we want office as part of the overall you know mix of the -- mix used Project those will probably be smaller tenants and more diversified in terms of the business. So the market -- the marketplace will dictate it to some extent but we have no problem saying no to a tenant that doesn't you know meet the underwriting standards that are necessary to make the whole thing work.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then I guess one for Dan, just on the guidance I guess I understand you've got a lot of balance sheet flexibility but is it fair to assume that you've got, you know some equity raised in the model to fund the $350 to $400 on the development spending in 2019?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes, that is not a lot and I think that we position the balance sheet and call it $80 million to $90 million of free cash flow. After dividends I mean it's capital you know we positioned the balance sheet to be able to raise leverage neutral incremental debt of $125 million to $150 million. You know we have some dispositions in the market now. We'll see how we'll look to kind of bring those over the finish line but also we've got, you know capacity on our line of credit and you know we'll be opportunistic with regards to use our ATM program to the extent that it's opportunistic.
Don Wood: The only thing I'd say is that, Stevens, I mean truly look at our history and in terms of how we do you digitally issue equity. It's you know -- we don't love doing the deals and you don't love it, nobody loves it and so everything balanced and the ATM program has been a good program in terms of matching up with development spend pretty nicely. We're in a bad a position as I think you know where we don't have to do that though and so when you sit back and you look at all the alternatives I think instead we had some properties in the market I think we got a $125 or so million worth of dispositions that are in the market now that hopefully get done we expect them to get done. See how that plays out. So it is all about having more hours in the quiver[ph] and being able to pick and choose them opportunistically, carefully and in no way in a big -- in any one of those arrows being over too big a deal.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, good morning. Just got two questions here. First Don just going to the office side, you guys have obviously now done some pretty big deals with Puma and partners health and Splunk. Are you guys thinking that maybe as you look at your pipeline going forward that maybe you want to have more office or do you feel that you guys are still leading with retail and offices -- I don't want to say an [indiscernible] but offices with second component just trying to understand because obviously you've had some pretty big wins here.
Don Wood: It's a very good question Alex and please understand, we are a retail company that -- if you just -- the way you build out a large mixed-use project and we have 3 between Santana assembling and Pike & Rose in particular. You have to create a place first. It's -- create that place and we lead as we have and in all 3 with residential overlap, because there's no question having a population that lives there associated with the environment created is a real positive. Now, as those things mature and if you're lucky enough as we have been to have a big piece of the land where there are incremental ways to create value the logical next place to go is with a time population. The thing that we're seeing in the marketplace to me that is just really frankly amazing. It's become almost not optional for a progressive company to have and then who hires younger people or the workforce that it needs to not be in a place with all of the amenities and so we're sitting with this advantage if you will of this many, many year head start if you will of creating places and so now you'll see office that you know that daytime population that fills in and makes the ground out the communities and makes them so strong. I mean I don't know whether Puma would be there without the partners deal and remember partners healthcare we don't own the building. We didn't take the risk we leased [ph] it. So when we are a conservative company in terms of the way we view value creation at these at better assets, we could probably grow faster. If we did absolutely everything ourselves and you know and move forward in that way. We're careful about it and we only do it ourselves in places where we've really already established and know what the environment is. So think about our office as an integrated part of a decade or 2 decades long. You know place making environment community if you will that you know has to have all components of lifestyle including the office environment.
Alexander Goldfarb: And then the second question is and maybe my you know with old age maybe I'm forgetting things but I thought previously you guys have spoken about just what the experience of the second phase of Pike & Rose in assembly that the next wave of projects would be sort of smaller in scale but the capital spend for phase 3 of assembly is significantly bigger than either of the other 2 on an individual asset basis. So just sort of curious how you're thinking about it as far as you know the stabilization period the impact it has to earnings? I know you guys are all about growing regardless so just want to understand how this bigger capital spend factors into that and if you expect a longer stabilization period or because it's a lot of offices maybe that's not really as much of a factor because they move in you know sort of quickly.
Don Wood: Yes, first of all, you had nothing to worry about with your age or remembering well. Everything seems totally perfect you know you're doing just fine pal. So let's get that out of the way. In terms of -- and so incremental adjustments that add to existing properties are generally smaller than the original first phase -- that we do in the first 2 phases that we do. We saw in opportunity at an assembly and I really hope you'll join us on May 9 for our Investor Day out there. This marketplace -- that marketplace is on fire. What we were able to do with that building -- the residential building which was big 477 units the time it took to fill that up surprised even to us. It was short and very different than almost every other market and it's that good so the ability to jump on that and there were some reasons both from construction cost perspective which continued to go up there as well as the -- some things that we need to get done with the -- on the residential side in terms of you know units that are cheaper effectively to do on balance it made sense to do that right now and jumping on that it's a big building, it's at the base of the take, that residential building we have very strong thoughts on how well that'll do and then when Puma was you know without us putting a shovel in the ground effectively had that deal done there, that convinced us to move forward there. So we decided to do two at the same time. It was a residential building not pre-leased, effectively we view it is that way given the level of success that we've had over the last 18 months. So it's a bit of an anomaly but it's only an anomaly based on the strength of the market the success that we've had in the first 2 phases.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks, good morning everyone. So if I think about some of the trouble tenants out there and I'm generalizing here you know obviously you've talked about it but we've seen some that always work with these tenants to restructure releases to keep them viable and often cost rationalize and so forth but it's a little bit more one-off. But my question is, if I were working at the real estate department at TJ Maxx or the gems that are expanding our Palatine and any of the kind of expanding very strong retailers and I see other tenants getting a 30% discount on the rent, I would think and come to you and say, "You know what? We're bringing customers into your center. There's a lot more value for us to be there. Why are we not getting a discount?" Now, I will answer my own question and I know it was different by property and quality and all that, but do you see this as a risk and is that increasing?
DonWood: I'll keep in. I mean there is no doubt. By the way, if you were hired at any retailers real estate department and you did not try to take advantage of an oversupply situation in the country, you probably wouldn't be there that long. So there is no question that every retailer has adopted the position of getting the best deal. That's not different than it's ever been. There is no question that in a more oversupplied environment that they play that card higher. Answer now your own question, when there are no other opportunities, you can play it all out but you don't win. On places where there is more opportunities, you do win. And that goes back to my volatility point from earlier on. I see a bigger spread between good deals and not so good deals from that perspective. I don't think there's a company out there that can say that the retail real estate industry is not in a position of change, does not have a overall over supplied phenomenon associated with it. So you have to look at two things; In your specific real estate what leverage do you have to a deal and at what terms. And then secondly, outside of basic shopping center leasing, where else do you have to grow? What other ways do you have to grow? And if you can't answer those two questions, then you've got a growth problem. We don't have that issue. And that's a big deal. So, the last couple of questions have been about all those. Think about this for a second. We have a 0.5 million square feet of sign off of deal that are going to create over $23 million of NOI over the next couple of years. They're locked. That's a lot of pizza shops and TJ deal, dry cleaners and stuff. That's a pretty good down payment on future growth. And that's because of a vision of the overall importance of place that has been a 20 year or longer on view for us. So what you say it's, of course, it's a risk, it's a risk to the entire industry and you have to look at what you have to negotiate against that. And I think we've done pretty well.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Jeff [ph] of Bank of America, your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Justin [ph] on for Jeff this morning. First is congrats on a good quarter and solid year. One for Dan, we saw portfolio occupancy tick down a little bit in fourth quarter, both sequentially year-over-year. Can you just drill into what happened in the quarter and then second, just from a guidance perspective, where you sit today, how should we expect occupancy to trend over the next four quarters?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes, sure. I mean, occupancy, as we reported, December 31 documents of 2017 versus December 31, 2018, overall occupancy was pretty stable over the course of the entire year from an economic perspective. And so while you saw some point in time to point in time demission, I think that that was part of it. I think in the fourth quarter we were hit with a little bit of some bankruptcies on a smaller level that led us down a little bit over the course of the quarter. That's a bit of the color that we could kind of point to. I would say that with regards to some of our small shop, I mean, which trended down a little bit as well, a lot of that is driven by the de-leasing activity we've got going on at Sunset and Coco. Without those two properties, our small shop would be about 150, 160 basis points higher. So, I think it's a little bit specific to kind of some of the redevelopment that we're doing within our portfolio with regards to some of those trends. But I would expect over the course of 2019 occupancy and lease rates will be fairly stable.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks. And then, Don, sorry if I missed this, but any updates on the Primestor JV? I'm curious that these assets are meeting your internal expectations so far. And if there's anything you've learned there from this venture that you might be able to integrate into the overall core portfolio?
DonWood: It's very, very good question. And the short answer is, yes. I mean it's been a really good experience all the way through. Jeff's on the phone. Jeff, can you take Primestor on this?
JeffBerkes: Yes. We've been up and running for about 18 months now with the Primestor folks and we're meeting our projections on what the property produces in the way of NOI and leasing velocity within the portfolio. And if you look at some of -- we had a small bankruptcy at G stage. We were able to backfill those spaces very quickly at better around. So operationally I think everything is going well with the JV. Jordan Downs, as Don mentioned, is our first new investment with them since formation. Everything there is on track or 75% leased with our boxes in place and focused on leasing are a small shop space right now. So that's on track as expected. So I think everything is going well. In terms of are we learning anything that we can apply to our greater portfolio? I don't know, Don. You might want to chime in on that. I'd say probably not, but again, we haven't been in the JV that long and there was a lot of heavy lifting up front of course, when you form a relationship like that. So, I would expect there'll be some nuggets as the years go on that we're able to extract. But Don, what do you think?
DonWood: Yes, I think the word nugget is right. Remember we did this deal with Arturo and Primestor because they did things like us. I mean, if you go to a number of their properties, [indiscernible] is the one that comes to mind most, you'll see a lot of importance on place. A lot of importance on the mix of tenants and that's kind of what got us together in the first place. So, we are aligned in the way we see things. There'll be nuggets that come out going forward that'll go both ways. I'm sure, but not at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from of Vince Tibone of Green Street Advisors.
VinceTibone: Good morning. I'd like to drill down a little further on the comparable property NOI growth guidance. I'm just trying to bridge the gap on how to get to the 2%. Because you mentioned occupancies, expected be roughly flat this year. We spread in, contractual rent bumps are, it seems like that would imply something greater than 2%, just hoping you could provide a little clarity there.
Dan Guglielmone: Sure, sure. I think that kind of our core portfolio overall, we'll see kind of decent growth along with some of the proactive releasing activity that we had in 2018, kind of really reaping the benefits into 2019, kind of getting us north of 3%. So you're right from that perspective. But there are specific things in the portfolio that will weigh on some of those numbers. One, some of the late year bankruptcies that impacted the fourth quarter. We'll see that carry out through 2019. So that that'll be about a 50 to 60 basis point drag in our forecast for the year in terms of some of those kind of below the radar impact from bankruptcy. And then also I mentioned the redevelopments at [indiscernible] Huntington, Congressional, great pieces of real estate with what we're doing and kind of cash flow over 2019 as we do that, long-term we're creating value and you'll see higher rents and higher property operating income over the long-term there and value creating projects. So again, similar to our proactive releasing activity, this is more of the same but you know just on a larger scale.
VinceTibone: One quick follow up there so just -- is the redevelopment contribution going to be negative then just looking, it look like you only have a, you know a few smaller projects that stabilize in 2018 that would contribute to you know comparable property an ally and if you're rolling in 2019 as well. So you know given that 80 basis point drag, is the overall contribution to next year's growth negative from re-dev?
Don Wood: Well, we look at kind of re-dev and development kind of in the same thing I think that you'll see some balance there. I think you'll see some small contributions from re-dev perspective in terms of what's on page 16 of our 8K. I think you'll see continued contributions from these 2 roll up of assembly from 2018 to 2019 as well as [cross talk] Yes, so I think you'll see yes, based upon you know that redevelopment you know there will be drag from redevelopment during that -- on our comparable number.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico of Scotiabank.
Nick Yulico: Dan, just hoping to get you know maybe a few of the items how we should think about for the AFFO adjustments there like you know recurring Cap Ex number how that might trend this year versus last year?
Dan Guglielmone: I think we expect you know when we look at kind of you know the going from AFFO TO AFFO, it will be pretty consistent I think with 2018 numbers you know after you know our free cash flow which is really AFFO you know less dividends should be pretty consistent. We're still projecting as I mentioned free cash flow after dividends and maintenance capital to be pretty consistent get us into that you know call that $80 million plus minus range in terms of -- we expect our AFFO payout ratio to be pretty consistent with what we have in 2018.
Nick Yulico: Okay, helpful and then Don I just want to return to Santana Row and the future office development opportunity there you know I mean all the stats on the market out there show and you know shrinks, new supply you know competitive new supply continues to get leased and there's less of it available so I guess I'm just wondering you know do you have a like it does a company have an internal time frame on you know sort of go or no-go on the office there? Since you know and then whether you know we should think about you know the separate you already have this 320,000 you know office versus the million square feet across the street you know whether there's like separate decision making on that or you could just launch you know everything once if the market receives[ph] you think the market strong enough?
Don Wood: Yes, let me -- it's a great question. You know I mean cycles, right? So as we sit and we look at Santana we very much would like to make a decision the first half of 2019 as to whether we're going forward with the first 350 that is where the building across the street from Santana that seem to be in the West. That is the next thing up. You know we haven't even delivered Splunk yet and it will be delivered by the end of the year and hopefully this year might even go into next year we'll see how that plays out but other than Splunk we've got you know it'll be the go-no-go on the 350. You'll see that the decision soon this year because the market is as strong as it is. It definitely weighs into our considerations we know the -- you know queries we've been getting about office on that site. We know that they're strong; we know we've kind of proven it with Splunk 1, Splunk 2, AvalonBay chose to bring their offices there with us. Our 1st office building has been a complete 100% lease with great rollups there. So we know we've got an office environment that we've created there that will be successful so you know to the extent that market softens as it surely will at some point over the next 5 or 6 years. We don't want to be in that position then so there is a definitely a desire to get it done and get it going at least part of it in 2019.
Operator: Thank you. Our next call comes from the line of Darek [ph] of Deutsche Bank.
Unidentified Analyst: Are you seeing an uptick in interest or signing leases or additional leases with online native retailers and are there any examples are you seeing proof of concept regarding long term viability there?
Don Wood: That's a great question in terms of long term viability too early to say but I can tell you that we've had some real good meetings and are doing some pretty good deals with digitally native brands. Coming over whether we're talking about Casper, parachute home or all birds or any of those guys. Now you know all that is good and it's you know demand -- an increasing demand in that type of properties that we have that's clearly a positive. Now whether those brands are you know will be great brands for 10 or 20 or 30 years. Time will tell. We'll have to see. Its why the diversity of the income stream is the most important thing in that decision making process but clearly many -- all would be too strong many of those digitally native brands who just 3 and 4 or 5 years ago said I'll never have a brick and mortar place have gone a reversed course that way. And yes that with the type of properties we own where our natural recipients of that demand.
Unidentified Analyst: And just switching gears a bit I know there are no dispose provided in the guidance. But you guys are out there in the market. Any idea of how many assets are currently being marketed and you know the demand profile you're seeing in the private markets and how they're performing and basically are Cap rates coming in at your expectations or what's the delta?
Dan Guglielmone: If we're in the market as Don mentioned 2 assets you know we expect them to kind of hope to get into that $125 million range in terms of proceeds and you know it's an ongoing process I think we're -- you know I think that right now with regard to those prophecies you know sales prophecies you know coming in at our expectations we'll see whether or not we get them done but yes, no I think for our assets we're seeing relative stability of demand for them and no surprises so far.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Collin [ph] of Raymond James.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks good morning everybody. just in the prepared remarks the tone seemed to be pretty upbeat about maybe getting some acquisition opportunities to the finish line this year anything else you can offer us or expand on those comments at all this point and maybe just generically should we think about that -- those opportunities that your presume maybe having redevelopment component based on some of your prior activity is that a fair way at least to think about that?
Don Wood: Let me jump on that for a bit because it's so funny when Dan and I were talking about what to do for you know prepared remarks. You know we want to talk about acquisitions because we do have some things that are close. The bottom line is when we do acquisitions we want to make sure that there's an opportunity to create value. We've never been a volume shop as far as I'm concerned we never will be a volume shop and it's harder to buy today and assume that rents are going up but it's not you know 2006 anymore. So that kind of leads us to say what we do primarily will have some sort of a redevelopment component to it. It's what we do best doesn't mean we're not looking for under market rents. Of course we're looking for under market rents but it's hard to find that. So you know you'll see some acquisition activity from us this year. It'll probably be relatively minor but you know mostly because our best use of capital is in the places that we've already created and we have incremental things to do at them that is the on a risk adjusted basis. Clearly, the best thing for us to be doing which is why you know you see that development pipeline so full but one of the things we never want to be is the one you know one trick pony and so you know on that, on the acquisition side you'll see the occasional acquisition. It will most likely be part of some strategic plan to either add an adjacency or do something to it to be able to create redevelopment value.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just going back to Derek's question on disposition activity. Can you guys just touch on the Atlantic [ph] sale on fourth year?
Don Wood: Sure, we closed on a $27 million grocery anchored center and you know pricing was kind of in the mid-60's, kind of taking that with a blended basis bar you know. Chelsea Commons residential you know we were in the mid 5's on a blended basis on those 2 you know kind of what we view as non-core at the end of the day just kind of -- and so that's the color on that. I mean I think that..
Dan Guglielmone: The demos are to light there for us and it came as part of a package I know 10 years ago maybe even more now that includes a number of assets and that was one of the lighter demos. It was a good area. It is a good area North [indiscernible] but it is what it was they were light and so when we looked at you know what we'd be able to do there in the future we said nothing. And had the ability to tax shelter which is what we did and that's what it got sold.
Operator: I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Leah Brady for closing remarks.
Leah Brady: Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to seeing many of you over the next few weeks so again follow up if you did not receive the Investor Day, save the date thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference this concludes today's program. You may disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leah Brady - Investor Relations Manager Don Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer Dan Guglielmone - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President and President, West Coast
Analysts: Nick Yulico - Scotiabank Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill Christy McElroy - Citi Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets Samir Khanal - Evercore Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Mike Mueller - JP Morgan Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Shivani Sood - Deutsche Bank Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2018 Federal Realty Investment Trust Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Id now like to introduce your host for todays conference Leah Brady. Please go ahead maam.
Leah Brady: Good morning, I would like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realtys third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G, Jeff Berkes, Dawn Becker and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Id like to remind everyone that certain matters on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realtys future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. These documents are available on our website. [Operator Instructions] And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our third quarter results. Don?
Don Wood: Thank you, Leah. Good morning, everybody. At a $1.58 a share in the third quarter, we generated more funds from operations in a 90-day period than we ever have in our 56-year history. On an absolute basis, this was simply the best quarter weve ever had. More than 5% ahead of last years quarter, and in excess of both the streets and our internal expectations contributions came from all parts of our business and on both coasts. Overall rental income grew 5.5% quarter-over-quarter. Earnings growth at comparable properties was particularly strong at 3.5%.  The comparable portfolio remains 95% leased and 94% occupied and operating expenses including G&A, but not including real estate taxes, actually fell slightly quarter-over-quarter despite 12 million more in revenue, real estate taxes it seems never goes down. The only metric that was underwhelming for us on the surface was comparable retail lease rollover growth at 6%, 90-day comp, 90 comparable deals were 448,000 square feet and an average rent of 38.31 per foot, 6% above the 36.22 that the previous tenant was paying in the last year of the lease. Not bad, but its not what youre used to seeing.  So lets take a deeper look and breaking down the overall results space leased to new tenants grew at 13% with the previous tenant, while renewals of existing tenants grew at only 2%. Thats the combined 6% rollover. The detail supporting this 2% renewal rollover rates revealed that more than half of the renewal rent came from just two deals, both of whom renewed flat for the last year their previously lease and therefore depressed the reported percentage increase. A strong credit anchor at East Bay Bridge in Emeryville, California and the Best Buy building at Santana Row. Now many of you who are familiar with our portfolio know both of those properties well. So let me spend a minute on the transactions behind the summarized metrics to hopefully help interpret what they mean. So consider this, rent in the East Bay Bridge anchor lease has been increasing annually at 3% since its inception in 1995 through 2009 and 3.5% annually since 2009. I dont know of any big anchor deals that have those kind of embedded annual bumps in them.  Most for flat for five or 10 years and then bump 10% or so. Run the math, those are very different economics. So we decided to renew it flat to the grown prior year rent and from here it will continue to grow 3.5% annually for the option period and by the way no tenant improvement dollars from us. Given more typical anchor lease tenants, this new rent would equate to a huge bump over the old rent, and our rollover statistics would have reflected double-digit growth yet wed be far off economic, the far worse off economically. The strengthen location the lease terms from the very strong productivity of the store allowed us to get paid millions more in rent along the way, deal terms matter. Next, rent paid by the anchor at the hard corner of Steven's Creek Winchester Boulevard and Santana Row more than paid for construction of the building they occupy by the time the initial terminal lease expired in 2014 and with the exercise of their first option back then has paid to the building more than twice over. The exercise of their second five year option came in this quarter at the same rent despite significant supply coming on line at Valley Fair across the street and again no TI dollars paid by us.  The real estate economics here are incredibly compelling despite negatively impacting the rollover metric. I go through those two leases at the pick of it, because digging behind any in all of the reported metrics is increasingly important as all of our businesses get more complicated and harder to compare. But at the end of the day, it comes down to FFO per share growth. Were particularly proud of the consistency and sustainability of that earnings growth year-in and year-out, no excuses. Its widely worked as hard as we have to diversify our revenue streams and why are we using our existing real estate platforms to create a real estate value for redevelopment and intensification on both coasts. The focal point is exploitation of our superior locations and cash flow streams through the lens of a broad real estate perspective. And this isnt just about our big mix use projects, because it applies with our core shopping centers too. For example, youll see that weve added to our 8K redevelopment schedule this quarter a $23 million, 87 unit residential project at Bala Cynwyd shopping center on Cityline Avenue just outside of Philadelphia. This will be our seventh residential project developed internally by our team to intensify one of our core shopping centers. The other is being two with Congressional Plaza, Winwood Shopping Center, Chelsea Comments and London Square with more on the horizon. In terms of Bala Cynwyd, we would expect this residential project to be just the first step of what will hopefully be an ambitious redevelopment there. The great example of how we continue to find ways to extract real estate value in so much of our portfolio.  Now let me update on our largest initiatives. With the 765 unit residential neighborhood in Pike & Rose fully 95% occupied and stabilized. In the 375,000 square feet of restaurant and retail space nearly fully leased but not yet fully open and rent paying until later in 2019. We are ready to move forward with the next phase, a 212,000 square foot Class A spec office building with about 4,000 feet of retail on the ground floor along with the 600 space parking garage that will be used by both office and retail users. The 11 Story Glass Curtain Wall building addressed as 909 Rose, will sit on the hard corner of our Pike & Rose Avenue, literally Pike & Rose and is expected to begin occupancy in 2021. Our investment will approximately $130 million with an expected stabilized yield between 6 to 7. Separately, were accessing the viability of relocating federal territories into two of the 11 stories about 40,000 square feet of the building. Doing so, would validate our believe in the advantages of these mix use neighborhood in general and certainly more specifically.  At Assembly Road, were now 95% leased at the 447 unit Montage significantly ahead of schedule and our net effective rents of nearly $3.40 per foot. And like our residential experience here, the row hotel of which we own 50% of equity stake opened in August at Assembly and simply following the similar track. Rate and occupancy are strong right out of the gate a trend that we hope will continue to the fourth quarter and into 2019. So the market's exuberant acceptance of all things Assembly Row has is accelerating our plans for future development of additional residential and office product at two of the five remaining development parcel there. Were hopeful that well able to announce the next large phase development at Assembly in a quarter possibly two. Out west the third quarter saw software giant Splunk sign an amount to lease for the full 300,000 feet of office space at 700 Santana Row with occupancy expected about a year from now. Get a chance to be anywhere near San Jose, be sure to visit Santana Row and feel how the end of the street has been transformed with the construction just gorgeous building and energized Plaza area below us.  We expect to complete this phase of development on or slightly better than budget from a cost perspective and ahead from an income and timing perspective. The enduring strength of Silicon Valley in general and Santana Row specifically not unlike Boston in Assembly Row has us nearing a decision to potentially move forward with additional office development at Santana West, the 12 acre parcel on Winchester Boulevard across some Santana Row that we have controlled for the past several years. Pending invest to say due to its proximity to amenity rich Santana has been very high leading us to accelerate our master planning of that site, stay tuned. And in Miami demolition in CocoWalk is largely complete construction begin in earnest this quarter. You'll note a slight increase and expected cost of the project to reflect in the 8-K, the result of a bit of increased scope in a bit of cost, were not expected to impact projected yields noticeably. Both our retail and office leasing teams are finding strong interest and we expect to start reporting signed deals beginning next quarter. A few miles away at Sunset Place. We received good news in the quarter as voters approved the ballot measure amending the city charter. So there're four out of five vote of the commission rather than a unanimous one would be sufficient to relax the land use code in the district that includes Sunset Place. Were working through the entitlement process now to increase the density on the site, many obstacles remain in the way of our moving forward with a viable project there, but we'll see. And thats about it from my prepared remarks for the quarter. Its a really good one that we hope to follow with another and another. And then Ill turn it over to Dan for some additional color and then open the lines to your questions. 
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you, Don, and hello, everyone. Our $1.58 per share of FFO for the quarter was $0.07 above our expectations and $0.03 above consensus. This outperformance was driven by higher POI through more rent and forecasts and continued expense controls at the property level. Higher term fees than we had forecast as well as lower G&A. But once again offset from the drag of early ramp up at our two new hotels with Pike & Rose and Assembly, the latter of which just opened midway through the quarter. Our comparable POI metric was 3.5%, which bested our forecasts as a result of the items I just mentioned. You probably remember from our last call, we had expected this quarter to be the weakest of the year. Our continued proactive releasing activity this year provided in drag of 110 basis points. Although this was partially offset from the benefit of our 2017 proactive releasing efforts. Our better than expected termination fees enhance the results by roughly 1%.  As a reference, our former metric same-store with re-dev came in at 3.4%. Don discussed in detail our lease roll over number for the quarter 6%. But please note that on a trailing fourth quarter basis our rollover stands at a solid 12%. In double-digits and in line with 2016 and 2017 levels. And to reemphasize, lets remember this is real estate, where true value creation should be measured over 3 to 5 to 10-year horizon and lets not get overly focused and any one quarters or even any one year's metrics. With respect to occupancy if a strong momentum in the second quarter. Our overall lease and occupied figures were 94.8 and 93.7 respectively. Essentially flat to down slightly, but consistent with previous comparable quarters. New leases of note includes industry on Third Street in St. Monica, Four Good a show at Pike & Rose in North Bethesda, new openings of note include Uniqlo with its Montgomery county flagship location at Pike & Rose, LA fitness at Del Mar and Boka and TJ Max at West Gate in St. Jose. With departures from our one Toys R Us box which is already released but not open and are one Bon Ton box weighing on the metrics. Also, when youre next in DC, please check out the new Anthropologie flagship location at the Bethesda Row that opened earlier this month, its truly impressive.  With the stronger than expected quarter, we are again in a position to raise our FFO guidance increasing and tightening the range from 613 to 623 to a range of $6.18 to $6.24 per share that represents a $0.03 increase at the midpoint from $6.18 to $6.21, at $6.21 this implies FFO growth for 2018 just above 5%. A testament to the continued consistency that early has demonstrated over its long history even through challenging retail and economic environments. With respect to our comparable PIO metric, we are also revising our outlook higher from about 3% to the mid 3% range driven by another strong quarter of 3.5% to go along with the 3.8% and 3.6% we have in the first two quarters of the year. Now, on to some of preliminary goal posts for 2019. We are still in the midst of our 2019 budgeting process so Im going to keep this very directional in nature. We expect to grow in 2019, in line with the past of couple of years despite continued industry headwinds to develop a changing consumer and a general oversupply of retail space in the US. We will also face some company specific headwinds next year. First, our G&A will grow into 2019, more detail on that on our next call. And second, we will have drag FFO as we refinance our $275 million term loan which had been locked at 2.62% since its 2011 origination. And lastly, the negative impact from the new lease accounting standard of $0.07 to $0.10 which I mentioned on our last call, which is reflected in these preliminary 2019 numbers. Despite these headwinds, we expect to have a solid base of growth of roughly $0.15 a share which should get us into mid 630s as a lower end of the range. It is still too early in our forecast process to predict how much higher we can push the upper end of the guidance range however.  Given the diversity of our cash flow streams and the number of different avenues that we can grow through, I would expect that an appropriate target for 2019 is to achieve growth consistent with what we have realized in 2017 and 2018, which implies high 640s as an upper end of the range. As I just mentioned, this takes into consideration the negative impact from the new lease accounting standard of $0.07 to $0.10 drag of roughly 1% to 1.5% and that's an estimate that we continue to refine. And note that on an apples-to-apples basis, for 2018 FFO is adjusted for the new lease accounting standard this implies growth in access of roughly 4 to 6%. Again, this is preliminary and as we did last year, we will be providing formal guidance on our fourth quarter call in February, where we will refine these targets and provide details on submissions behind it.  Now onto the balance sheet which continues to improve and is very well positioned from a capital perspective as we head into the next phases of new development in the coming years. We continue to make progress on the condos, while already completed 107 market rate units at Assembly Row at Pike and Rose we are roughly 70% complete and close and under contract basis on almost 99 units. With only roughly $20 million left to go.  During the quarter we closed on the sale of a small non-core asset and are under contract and post closing on another before year end for a total of $42 million in gross proceeds and these two sales were executed at a blended mid 5s cap rate. We also closed on a 50% joint venture interest with our JV operating partner for the new Row Hotel at Assembly, generating 38 million of proceeds to us.  As a result, our credit metrics continue to improve, our net debt to EBITDA ratio moving lower to 5.4 times for the third quarter, down from 5.9 at the start of 2018, our fixed charge coverage ratio edging higher 4.3 times versus 3.9 at the start of the year.  Weighted average maturity of our debt remains above 10 years and we are on pace to generate roughly $80 million of free cash flow after dividends and maintenance capital.  We expect these credit metrics continue to trend in a positive direction through the balance of 2018 and into 2019. As we raise additional capital cost effectively through opportunistic asset sales. We currency have roughly another $125 million of non-core tax efficient sale prospects in the market which we target to close over the coming quarters.  With that operator, you can open up the line for questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions]. Our first question is from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Your line is open. 
Nick Yulico: Thank you, good morning. Dan just going back to the goal post for 2019. When you are talking about growth in line with the past several years, are you was that referring to FFO growth or is that also same-store comparable NOI growth?
Dan Guglielmone : Yes, generally its FFO, was what the reference was there. Were not providing any same-store guidance at this point and probably won't until our February call. Similar to what we did last year. 
Nick Yulico: Okay and second question is just on the releasing spreads and Don, you know you gave a lot of info there. I guess question is, whether you have more those types of leases which those escalations, sounds pretty attractive, thats one part. And then separately you know maybe we can get a preview of how you expect the releasing spreads for working the next year I know they are been volatile, you highlighted that they would  they could come down. Any numbers you could share there?
Don Wood : Let me frame it Nick this way. First of all, those two leases, I think normally I wouldnt break out a couple leases and give you that those kind of specifics on it but that is just so economically compelling that I felt the need to do that. Now, are there a lot of big anchor boxes that has those kind of boxes, no, those kind of bumps, I dont know if any other, to tell you the truth, I mean they are, thats really unusual, but the only reason that happens is because of productivity of the store and the strength in the market, the strength in the location  so, what I am  the reason I do stuff like that  or talk about stuff like that is you probably get sick of me saying those contracts were business of contracts and those contracts are just critical in terms of what they say to determine the value of the real estate that's underlying it. And when you have deals like that, Im sure there are other people on this call saying wow, because they dont have deals like that of that kind of significance.  Now generally, so every quarter there is something that as you know I like to highlight or talk about that kind of builds the case for the value of the real estate. Theres no doubt that overall pushing rents, pushing rents is an issue industry-wide because supply exceeds demand in terms of retail rents its key reason that we look hard at office and at residential as a big part of our business plan. Once you create the overall environment on the ground floor, its awfully nice to be able to capture real estate value by being able to do the right merchandising downstairs, youre going to get paid for it upstairs in the form of higher residential or higher office rents up there and how much we believe in that.  Alternatively or in addition to that it really does come down to the leverage of each of the individual shopping centers that we have and we own good ones. So do I expect there, the next year or two to be years of 20% and 22% and 24% rent low little bumps? No, I dont. Do I expect us still to be able to do double-digit rent bumps, yes. I dont see why not, that doesnt mean any particular 90 days but certainly when we look at our loss to lease overall on this portfolio and I love this slide that we do in our deck that shows what leases have been done at versus what the in place is, it sure shows you, compared to almost anybody else to look at that theres a whole lot of upside left there. But that doesnt mean across the board and everywhere, that gets tougher. I hope that helps. 
Operator: Our next question is from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler ONeill. Your line is open.
Alexander Goldfarb: So two questions. First, Dan, you mentioned the 125 million of dispositions that are in the pipeline. So Im not sure if thats sort of guidance for full year dispositions for 19 or not. But can you just sort of give a breakout? How much of that are sort of Ill call free assets like condos, things like that, that have no NOI impact versus how much of that will there be an NOI impact from?
Dan Guglielmone: I mean, I think the 125 is just what we have and probably represents whats the first half of what were targeting the first half of the year for 2019. They are kind of income producing assets, kind of we view them as not non-core that we dont have to own long-term. And we think we should be able to achieve pricing kind of in the mid-5s on those as well. So thats a color on those two.
Alexander Goldfarb: And then the second question is having toward Pike & Rose recently. One, the asset it definitely come down more. But two, just sort of curious you announced the second office there. Don, how do you think about the mix of residential and office as far as driving like restaurants and the other elements of the projects in general? Do you view each item on its own merit meeting which maximizes NOI for that particular land parcel, or is there a view of which whats the right mix of office residential et cetera that drives the overall NOI of the center? Just trying to figure that out? 
Don Wood: Yeah, its a combination of both. I mean, look, at the end of the day when youre doing these type of projects but the real trick is the path to maturation. All of these projects, mix use projects take time take years to mature, now do they mature in two or three or do they mature in six or seven or somewhere in between or differently. One of the key ingredients to get that maturation is day time traffic which are trying to get to is a busy place as often in seven days, 24 hours a day as possible. Office is a key user for us. So, that day time traffic coupled with the incredible efficiency that comes from parking that you build for office thats necessary for office but it's also used by the retail and another uses in the evening is the incredible part of the efficiency of how mix use project works. So, everyone of these and Pike & Rose well because of the time that youve spent there and when you look at Pike & Rose you think of whats coming on from a retail perspective and you see how weve does on nice weekends from the residential base thats there and the retail base thats there, you can see well yeah there needs to be some day time traffic and that office is a critical component to that. And part of the reason that we continue to invest that way.
Alexander Goldfarb : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is open.
Christy McElroy: Hi. Good morning. Dan, I just wanted to follow up on the $275 million term loan you talked about refine next year. I think that the two swaps on that expired today and now thats floating. Do you plan to keep that floating through the maturity next November? Or when do you plan to sort of refi that or when can you. And what are your plans for that?
Dan Guglielmone: Yeah. It will float at LIBOR plus 90. And I think well look to be opportunistic in terms of refinancing that term loan. I think by extending it into 2019 it avails us to get into a little bit of sweet spot of the market and the bank market to potentially refinance it as another term loan. Or it gives us the optionality to look at it in the bond market. So, I think that well be opportunistic in terms of refinancing that. It will be pretty open to repayment and so we can, there wont be any access cost that we look to be opportunistic ahead of the November 2019. 
Christy McElroy: Okay. 
Don Wood: But likely '19 Christy, not '18.
Christy McElroy: Right, right. So, keep it floating for year and then refi to something shift next November?
Don Wood: Or before that, but what Im saying is it wont be a refi in the fourth quarter of 2018, it will be in 2019 opportunistically.
Christy McElroy: Got it. Got it. Okay. And then just with regard to the term fees recognizing that this is a recurring part of your business, but they did seem a little higher in Q3 than you would originally thought. What was those related to you and that speaks that you were proactively trying to get back or do this unexpectedly come back to you?
Don Wood: Little of both, this is a good conversation. And listen I absolutely know how you feel about term fees. And I appreciate you're starting out by saying that you do know the recurring part of our business, because its, I mean this is a business of contracts and we are like, we want to use those contracts to our best advantage as a tool in a various numbers of ways including the ability that to proactively get tenants out. But also recognizing and this is a big part, there is a changing consumer, we dont want the same retailers over and over again as you look over out over the next five, seven, nine years were probably less than others about simply trying to backfill an existing box with another tenant. Than we all are about having an opportunity to redevelop a shopping center.  So, one of the tools that we use for this stuff is a strong lease and it's just so critical to what it is that we do when you look at this quarter they were higher and its a combination of everything that you said, we lost some tenants that didnt think we were, when we gave a forecast for termination fees but we also went hard after a couple of them to be able to make sure that we were able to redevelop and keep them in pipeline growing.  So, you see in both places, I dont expect term fees to be low, over the next year or two. I mean if you think about the business there is a changing in the business and a changing of retailers, I dont know if you have seen the list of retailers that we actively go after who are digitally based retailers who have figured out you know what, we need a bricks and mortar presence. Thats a long list of other tenants, thats a list of tenancy that particularly for street retail oriented, mix used type of product thats a tenant base that wed love to be able to access.  Things like parachute home and others that you havent heard necessarily a lot about but are part of the future. So, having a contract in place that strong within existing tenant gives us the opportunity to be able to have some leverage to be able to create places for the future and that much more than any other comparison with any other company thats what drives us, in terms of what we report and what our business plan is.  I know its long winded but it really is, it's important to us to talk like that. 
Christy McElroy: Go ahead. 
Dan Guglielmone : Yes, Christy I just wanted to add, of the tenants that terminated in the third quarter over two-thirds of that income has already been replaced with execute leases of tenants who are coming in, so not only did we get those term fees, as outsize term fees, we have already been nimble enough to actually backfill over two-thirds of that space, before we even reporting in the quarter. So I think thats the testament to how proactive we are in terms of managing the process and limiting kind of cash flow downsize. 
Christy McElroy: Great, that is exactly what I was looking for, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. 
Jeremy Metz: Hey good morning. Going back to the 2019 guidance at least a rough goal post you laid out there. Could you walk through some of the bigger pieces that could really swing you from one end to the other end to the other end, I know you mentioned the term loan and the G&A, any other bigger pieces there and then maybe how youre thinking about bad debt in kind of all our relative to this year it sounds like from your comments, and Christys question, that youre more or less expecting a similar level of headwind on that front?
Dan Guglielmone : Yes, I think its whole host of things. As I said, this is preliminary, I think how quickly the hotels continue to ramp up at Assembly and Pike & Rose can move things around a little bit. I think kind of where are, where we see our watchlist performing, over the course of 2019.  Just going back to the two items, I mean I think even now at LIBOR plus 90, were going to have roughly a 100 basis points of drag if we keep it floating, and if based upon where kind of 6 and 12 month LIBOR is projected to be, there will be some drag over the course and thats looks to be up to roughly $0.03 to $0.04 in the ballpark. And G&A will grow, Im not going to get too far into the detail there. But G&A will be higher in 2019 and well provide more color on that in our February call.
Don Wood : Yes. Jeremy, let me just add two things to that. First of all, welcome to BMO, its good to have you back. And secondly it is the developments that that are the single biggest mover, I mean were going to deliver to Splunk at some point around a year from now. A month one way or the other or two months one way or the other is important to how that works through. And secondly, I do want to add one thing to the G&A piece. With, while Mr. Enbriggs leaving, its an awesome opportunity for the next generation here.  So were going to doing a bunch of promotions and thats why G&A is going up, its good stuff. Its the reason to be able to bet on that Federal Reality 2.0 if you will with respect to the next level management. So we will talk more about that in February. But its a critical part to us setting us up for the next 10 years.
Jeremy Metz: And then you talked about the ramping dispositions of it as a source of capital. Dan, you mentioned 125 million in the first half of next year. Beyond that, we look at decisions is being more opportunistic or as markets accommodate and equity is attractive you may be pulled back from selling and fine on that, I mean are you baking some equity into the plans at this point?
Dan Guglielmone : I mean, as I said, its preliminary, I think that will be opportunistic on the equity side as well. I think that its a very limited small amount is kind of whats figured in to our 2019 calculus for providing that those goalpost will have a greater refinement on kind of what that detailed assumption is in February. 
Don Wood : And let me add one thing, if you dont mind. In my prepared comments, I think, I led you to a discussion of the next phases of development at Assembly, the next phases of development at Santana. You saw what were doing at Bala with respect to the residential project. Theyre very strong redevelopment pipeline and core. So as thats stuff comes to fruition. This company looks at funding it including potential dispositions, but its different in other companies and that we dont have a bunch of shopping centers that we dont want to own.  So its a smaller pool effectively to look at. No, we dont have equity in the numbers in a significant way at this preliminary point, but we might. Again very modestly or modestly as a part of the balance sheet program. But a lot of it is dependent upon whether we go forward and I expect we will on building out some of these big de-risked development projects, de-risk because the places are already there and successful. 
Dan Guglielmone : From a capital perspective we have multiple arrows in the quiver, in terms of, I mentioned $80 million of free cash flow in 2018. We should expect similar levels in 2019 or from where we sit today. I think also the balance sheet capacity as we're down positively trending from a debt-to-EBITDA perspective. I think that as cash flow continues to grow, as we continue to ramp up at Assembly and Pike & Rose in 2019 and as they further stabilize that will add greater debt capacity just very, very naturally on a leverage neutral basis. And so weve got a number of different ways that we can kind of fund the development pipeline and feel really, really good about how well positioned we are heading into the final quarter of 2018.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Samir Khanal with Evercore. Your line is open.
Samir Khanal: Hi, guys. Good morning. Don, can I ask you to take step back and maybe talk about sort of your watchlist today and compare that to last year. I mean I look at, as we kind of go through your top 20 certainly feels like there is less exposure to the tenants that are will anchor or liquidate which tells me kind of that 2% to 3% of same store probably still is applicable for next year. But then you look at that Bed Bath or you look at Krogers that continue to top down rents. Is there a race that your releasing spreads could kind of start to decelerate a little bit here going into maybe the next 12 months to 24 months?
Don Wood: Yeah. Samir, its a good question. Look, the -- and I love the way you started it, because thats exactly how I looked at it. I start out with that list that watch list et cetera and try to predict to the best as we can what would effectively happen. I mean do I worry about Bed Bath Beyond long-term, sure. I mean I absolutely do and do I worry about that Bed Bath Beyond not honoring their commitments and paying rent, no, not at all and somewhere and thats a great example of an operation where, I dont know how they will change their business plan, I dont think anybody does at this point whether how successful theyll be, what that new prototype will be as they move forward in the coming years. But certainly I want to make sure we have tenants that are at are tenant of the future that we believe in that are there to the extent were not part of the plan going forward.  So, certainly with any tenants thats not performing as well as they were, the rent pressure ramps up. It's an obvious statement, but it's certainly the case throughout a lot of these boxed tenants. The key with us is the balance and I going to start to show you a little bit more of how our residential performs, going to show you how our office performs, were going to try to get to this community to understand our company in its broadest  from a broad real estate perspective, because there are pressures coming in terms of retail lease roll over, certainly there are pressures. Do I see them as oh my god, off single digit lease roll overs or what we roll back  no I dont. So, consider this within the context of the whole company in terms of how were moving. I think youre going to feel really good about an investment that is very likely to continue to grow for years simply based on what we have in pipeline today. And I dont know if there is anybody else that can say that there are very many else that can say that.
Samir Khanal: Okay. Thanks. And as we think about next year, I mean what are sort of the drags we need to think about especially from the same store perspective. I mean there is one is certainly Toys right, but I dont think you had lot of exposure to those and then are there any other tenants that, will the company be kind of moving on to a level where youll be proactively maybe taking back space like you did a couple of years ago. So, is that something to think about for 2019?
Don Wood: Very much so, very much. I mean you know when you go down the list and you look at what we've got you've got to feel really good about this income stream. Toys might be the best example at all. One, one that was completely released at significant bumps to where Toys was and yes indeedo with you know within an incredibly short amount period of time. That's done. So you know where what happens with respect to Mattress Firm, we got 14 of them. You know when I look at the 14 and you know where most of are there are there on out parcels or in caps in great locations. That's not something I particularly worry about. Doesnt mean there's not going to be some dislocation depending on what happens with the revolution of the company but we deal with that all the time, always have been. Don't see any amount of those type of income stoppages if you will in a significant way any different than we've managed through in years past certainly. And certainly better than 2016.  So yes you ought to think about proactively leasing to we do constantly. It's not a switch that we turn on and off it is a dial that we turn up when we see opportunities turn down we don't. Yes you could see that turned up a little bit again.
Samir Khanal: Okay, thanks so much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is open 
Craig Schmidt : Thank you. Don, I was wonder you give us some description or background on RevUp the third-party platform that Mike Kelleher is setting up?
Don Wood : Very good, very good for picking that up, Craig, thats cool. Not a big deal at this point at all. What that, what that's about is you know when you look at this industry and you think about temporary tenant income, ancillary income, sponsorships, all of the kind of nontraditional leasing revenue generation. I'm really proud of what we built as a company over the last decade or decade and a half. And yeah Mike Kelleher has been a big part of that to be able to grow it. We think we have capacity there and we think we've figured out how to do that maybe better than some other folks have. So we'd like to in the markets where we do significant business already we'd like to pick up some third party work and spread that platform across a bigger base. It's just something that we're rolling out. We probably won't do that service for you know some of our direct public competitors but there's an awful lot of regional real estate companies that really could benefit and we could share the income with them. So that's what we're messing with. I think it's cool. I don't know if it turns into anything or not. If Kelleher were on the phone right now, hell be telling you it's the greatest thing you've ever heard of and we're going to do really well with it. We'll see.  But it's I think more importantly Craig it's indicative of the creativity and the way we look at trying to add value in various different ways big and small throughout the company. 
Craig Schmidt : Great. And then lower G&A I'm sure was helped in some part by Dan and Christians exit but it looks to be more significant than that. Can you tell me what to you doing there in terms of maybe getting some more cost savings. 
Don Wood: Yes, look, it's a big part of one of the things that that I always wonder about I think you can appreciate this is as a company with our longevity. Right. We've been around a long time and were relatively powerful in the few markets that were in. And then I think vendors and others get comfortable with that in terms of dealing with Federal. I dont think we use our leverage as much as potentially we could have to be able to renegotiate some of those deals and effectively reexamine scopes, reexamine financial terms with some of our partners. No, when I say partner, I mean vendor, I mean, people necessary to create great shopping centers.  We pushed hard on that in 2018, and we pushed hard on that with some very favorable results. Thats what youre seeing coming through. And I dont think those are one-time favorable results. I think those are our benefits that are all about relooking and leveraging the power of Federal Realty and again the five or six critical markets that we do business. And part of it is on a year-over-year basis and we did the prime store acquisition in the third quarter of last year. So there were transactional costs that added to G&A, which we just didnt have in 2017, and we just didnt have in the third quarter of this year. So thats another kind of a driver.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Don, I think you might have touched on this in the call, but I had heard that concerning Santana West that, that was a site that even Apple might have been looking at perhaps for one of their projects, that maybe market chatter. But I guess my question is, do you think thats that office opportunity that needs to be a single tenant development opportunity like you had with Splunk or is it possible that could have something that's a little more ground for retail or residential or office on it?
Don Wood: Yes. Just going to add, Jeff will add to this just make a comment or two on it. No, this is an office product. Its an office site. Its an entitled for office any retail that we do would be relatively insignificant. And this is real simple and this is a 12 acre piece of land directly across from one of the most iconic if you will at this point, mixed use destinations in the country. It happens to be in the middle of Silicon Valley, its really valuable. And so whoever the tenant or tenants are, it doesnt have to be one tenant, it could be can certainly be several.  What we know is weve got a piece of real estate there, that is getting an awful lot of interest from some, I will say typical or users that you would think of and some niches certainly would. And it just shows the broad value of the real estate, because of what was created across the street. So theres all this has to be value a little bit more, but theres no denying the value of the real estate business, thats there.
Jeff Berkes : Right. So Jeff, I dont really have anything to add other than if you look at all Silicon Valley right now. There is precious little available office space or office space coming anytime soon just a matter of time. Weve got Santana was probably one of, only a handful or less than a handful of opportunities for that over the next two or three years. Just given the entitlement cycle and whats going on and some of the other sub markets around here. So were like Don said super bullish on it and theres a lot of interest in the site right now.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Jeff, just I guess speaking with that. I mean, are you seeing some of the bigger employers in that market that are actually trying to tie up office space, even though they might not have an immediate need for the space today, just because of that dearth of space theyre sort of tying it up in anticipation of future growth?
Jeff Berkes: Yes and no, but remember growth is a occurring very quickly out here and the lead time on a development, even something thats entitled ready-to-go is still a couple of years to build a building. So, lot of firms are growing into the requirements by the time the space actually delivers. I mean its clearly the case with Apple, their new headquarters building from what we understand thats full. When we look at market activity, we dont see them giving back any of their other space. So, if you look at the big users out here, I think thats true that they have to look out a couple of years and by the time the space is ready, theyve filled it.
Jeffrey Donnelly: And maybe Don just stepping back more broadly on external growth, I mean your perspective on retail seems to have shifted somewhat sharply over the last few years and what the prospects of it hold. Do you think as a company youre more open to mixed use or a mix of users than you have ever been before? And do you think the market focus -- just the geographic focus of the company maybe has changed with that. Are there some markets that youre more open to going into? Maybe one last aspect of it is, will you ever do standalone office or residential development away from retail?
Don Wood: No to the last question. I mean Im going to book in you here for a minute because that was a lot. No, we wont do standalone or non-retail-oriented resi or office as part of our business plan. Im going to go back to your last thing, Im going to say one quick thing about your last question and that is please dont speculate about Apple, dont speculate that, dont write that down because thats probably not the case, okay? Let me be clear.  Now lets get to what you just asked. Heres the way I look at it, the more predictable the future is, the more narrow you can target your business plan. The less predictable the future is, the more you want to be able to have to be as flexible and its a most important word in our business and as flexible as you possible can. Flexibility with respect to what the future holds simply means to me, Id like to be able to not rely on any one income stream and if thats the rolling forward of rents in a basic shopping center, thats one thing. If it is, do I want to have the ability to create value upstairs on land in the markets that were in that are identifying anyway? Of course I do. Its not -- it really isnt a battle, liking mixed use or not liking mixed use, or liking a shopping center or not liking a shopping center.  The reality is what our core competency is, is first ring suburbs creating great places for people to go to. That can be a grocery-anchored shopping center, it can be a mixed use, probably can be whatever else it is. Once you have the layer, thats not necessary and in Manhattan at the corner or 57th and 5th that environment already exists. There you can do an independent any kind of building. The people are already there. Thats not the case in the first ring suburbs where we are doing most of our business. We dont have to bring people there.  Now once you them, how do you make more monies? And thats where you have to say whether its buying adjacent parcels and growing on them, whether its going up in office or retail, I look out at an unpredictable future, I want as many arrows in the quiver as I possibly can have. That's what I think we've done. So I don't see it as a sharp change in believing in retail or not believing in retail. I think it's a evolutionary change in the unpredictability of technology's impacts on the consumer. And so when you're sitting and think about it that way what do you best do about that if you're a real estate company, not a retailer, but a real estate company. You make sure your real estate is valuable in any one of the number of different ways. And I think we've proven pretty well our core competency and the ability to look more broadly as real estate people rather than simply shopping center people.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Thanks guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mike Mueller with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller : Hi. A couple of questions. First, Dan, when youre talking about 2019 you flagged G&A and then lease accounting separately. So is your lease accounting expense, is that going to be in operating expenses?
Dan Guglielmone: No. They will be a component of increase in our G&A in 2019. Part of it will be lease accounting related. The lease accounting change geographically will sit up as G&A item. But we will also have a -- in our current level of G&A, there will also be an increase which -- so theres two pieces to that. 
Michael Mueller : Got it. Okay. And then I guess just thinking about tenant demand and everything on the mall calls, you constantly hear about retailers and demand moving into the malls. I'm just curious about your portfolio, are you seeing that sort of interest as well from those types of tenants? 
Don Wood: Yes, Mike, this is -- Ive talked about it earlier in one of the questions. But just think about this for a minute. All of these retailers basically -- or let's start and say online retailers who have started online, these guys, all of them, I didnt say all, most are struggling and have always struggled with typical things you struggle in a business with number one being, customer acquisition costs. How do I get that customer and whats it me to get to them? And of course then the delivery system. And those two things have led many of them to the conclusion that you know what, we need a physical presence. And I've got some interesting stuff Ill share outside as maybe at NAREIT next week, some of the quotes and some of the plans that these guys have, now when you say okay where are they going to go? The chances to me are look awfully good for the type of properties that we own. We're close to a lease for one of those tenants that we're talking about in Bethesda Row right now. We're close on two at Santana Row right now. The streets that we have presence are on like Third Street Promenade. I mean these are -- it's -- I don't know how important a component of the future it is but it's certainly a component of the future. And going back to where I was before, we want to cast the broadest widest funnel to be able to be attractive to the largest possible number of retailers. And where we are suggests to me that we'll have more than our fair share of those tenants who are finding the need for bricks and mortar stores.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Your line is open. 
Haendel St. Juste: Lots of calls, lots of detail, much appreciated. But question for you Don. I guess more of a big picture. Weve seen a lot of M&A this year in the REITs, but nothing in the shopping centers. Curious why you think that is? And then is there anything you expect over the next year that Federal could participate in?
Don Wood: Oh, Haendel, this was -- I mean weve been talking about this question for 20 plus years and thats just what I remember, so Im sure it goes back before that. Look, the idea of combining platforms has to have a business sense to it that makes all the sense in the world, obviously what you saw with Equity One and Regency was indicative of that. I think you can look at that and say, yes that company is Federal than the two companies separately would have been. But those things are few and far between, theyre hard to do.  As you know, I love to tell the story of -- and I dont know if [Ernst] really would mad at me for saying it or not, but we had a -- we have a very good relationship and back before they were public, we were trying very hard to put those companies together, didnt work out, they went public, are doing great. So weve come down to the individual business plans, it comes down to the social issues that are part and parcel to it. And when you think about betting on the future, theres almost always dilution from the buyer side, initially for a period of time. So you have to be comfortable with where that future is going and what its going to provide. Thats harder to do today than -- thats been another period.  So the combination of other things, is Federal involved and anything thats possible for us? You bet. We talk a lot -- we talk to a lot of people a lot of the time. But were not going to do something that doesnt improve the prospects versus our existing plan. And our existing plan is really good in terms of this real estate. Our real estate clearly will be worth more in the future than it is today. When I see it and I look at the prospects for growth, for domination in certain -- at certain properties, the whole consolidation the properties, et cetera. So, any kind of deals from a merger perspective or anything else has to be incrementally significantly better than that. I havent found that.
Haendel St. Juste: And just a follow-up on the mid-5 cap rate expectations for the assets under discussion for disposition here. Curious where you think those assets might have traded 12 to 18 months ago? And then how large would you say your bucket of non-core, but tax efficient potential asset sales bucket is?
Don Wood: Im going to jump in before Dan here on a minute because Im cringed when he said that, when he said mid-5. Because listen, well see based on the marketplace, what those assets will trade at and what they wont trade at. The answer to your question, how does that compare? I dont know. Thats what Id love to see as part of this and it is a small bucket. And I kind of went into that before a little bit, its a small bucket, because we sit and we look at the future earnings prospect of the assets and quite far and away most of the assets at this company -- and again, theres only 104 of them. Most of those assets have really bright futures. To the extend they dont, well find a way to effectively recycle out of them but that were talking about six, seven, eight assets, based on information that we have today in terms of looking at the future, that would fall into that bucket.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Derek Johnson with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Shivani Sood: Hi, this is Shivani Sood on for Derek Johnson. The office aspect of the portfolio has been a large focus of todays call. So would you mind just speaking to the leasing front there, how the process and the potential CapEx and involve might differ from the retail aspect of the portfolio? And also kind of how you view it from an operating metric perspective?
Don Wood: Sure. Its a good question. Im not sure that -- well I am sure that we dont have a view on office product in a national way or in standalone office products. What we do know is, places where we have created an environment with retail on that ground floor that is amenity-rich is more and more and more attractive to office users. And as a result, in places where we have the land -- and again our average shopping center is 20 acres large which is big compared to most shopping centers and we have the opportunity at various places to be able to exploit that retail environment that weve created.  In some cases, weve seen it at Pike & Rose with the first phase; weve certainly seen it at Santana Row. Even through there are other opportunities in the marketplace for office, the office user sees those other opportunities as irrelevant and obsolete. And so, we think we have something thats particularly special, that can drive a premium rent, that can drive premium bumps in those rental deals. And most importantly, its so integral to the overall property that were developing or building -- or community to that were building that its really part and parcel of how the retail works, how the resi works, it provides the day time traffic. As I said before, thats critical, it is immensely efficient in terms of parking.  And so, office brokers bring the product to us. And so, these are negotiated similar to any other office deal with the same criteria for capital, the same criteria for rent, et cetera. We just feel like were in a stronger position to be able to be at the top of the range of those market conditions on all the economic aspects, because of what weve invested down on the ground floor. So, you wont see us doing separate office buildings across the country to broaden our -- what our basic core competency is, but we certainly will at the properties that weve created great places, exploit that. And to me, that office product where were building whether its Santana or Assembly or Pike & Rose, that office product is de-risked to a huge degree because of the significant investment that has been made in the place previous to that.
Shivani Sood: Great. Thanks so much for that color. And then just given the more diverse, full of assets that -- effort -- you have centers, for example, power centers, grocery-anchored, mixed use. Can you just give us an update in terms of retailer demand for the different property types and has that shifted at all over the past year or so? 
Don Wood: Nope. And Id tell you what, because I know it's simpler to say power centers perform like this and grocery-anchors perform like this and mixed use perform like that et cetera, It's just not true. It totally depends on physically where that property is in the supply and demand characteristics and at that particular piece of real estate. So I spend bunch of time on that call talking about leases at a power center called East Bay Bridge in Emeryville, California. It's an incredibly powerful supply demand environment for us because there's no other supply of that. So, no, and I could make those same kind of comments for each one. You really got to get into the individual real estate. It's not a compound. I know it sounds like one. But I really fight hard about the characterization of any particular type, even though I understand it's easier for you to categorize. Sorry. 
Shivani Sood: Thanks. That's it for us. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is open. 
Ki Bin Kim : Thanks. So, already a lot of good questions have been asked by my peers. So just want to ask, one from me. If you could wave a magic wand and get any piece of technology to help your business, what would that be? 
Don Wood: I'll keep doing the last question and it's the most cerebral here for crying a lot, good for you. There's an interesting thing going on right now and it's obviously all about data and how much data is available and every two person consulting firm who's selling their idea of what data you need and what would really matter, the answer to that question in my mind and I don't think my peers agree with me necessarily around this but the answer to that question has not -- is not clear. There is so much information out there. The one thing that I think we all have to be careful about is running out and investing and pulling in a whole bunch of data that it turns out really isnt impactful to the lease negotiation or to the deal negotiation in the form of an acquisition et cetera. The obvious pieces of data and information are clear. It's certainly sales of square foot. It's certainly profitability. It's certainly the supply effectively. Its certainly understanding where your customers are coming from. But when you say what one piece is there, it gets too myopic in my view, I don't think there is one piece.  And so we're dealing with all that. Now we're talking with a lot of vendors. We're talking with potential partners. We're talking with companies that are trying to marry retailers with landlords doing all the right things but really trying to figure out where to invest in information that will make a difference. That's still great. 
Ki Bin Kim: Yes, I get you're saying. I've seen a few pictures and I know what my problem is. My problem is that everything sounds great. I get you. Thank you.
Don Wood: Absolutely, you bet. 
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our Q&A session for today. I'd like to turn the call back over to Leah Brady for any further remarks.
Leah Brady : Thanks for joining us today. We do have a couple of meeting slots left at NAREIT. So please reach out if you are interested in meeting with us. And we look forward to seeing you -- many of you there. Have a good day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude todays program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter of 2018 Federal Realty Investment Trust Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be provided at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. Id now like to turn the conference over to Leah Brady, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Leah Andress Brady: Good morning, I would like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realtys second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G, Dawn Becker, Jeff Berkes and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Id like to remind everyone that certain matters on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realtys future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. These documents are available on our website. [Operator Instructions] And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our second quarter results. Don?
Donald Wood: Well, thanks, Leah. Good morning, everybody. Another really good quarter for us and one where its increasingly evident that we are using our existing real estate platforms to create and enhance real estate value through redevelopment and intensification on both coasts. The focal point is exploitation of our superior locations and cash flow stream through the lens of a broad real estate perspective. So consider it the breadth of these opportunities that are well underway on sites that are already demonstrated in proven retail destinations. First from big pad sites and often multi-talent  tenants being built and delivered at places like Montrose Crossing in Rockville, like Pike 7 in Tysons, Willow Lawn in Richmond, Dedham Plaza in Massachusetts, to name a few, to the addition of two unique and market relevant hotels at Pike & Rose and Assembly Row. The boutique Canopy brand by Hilton that recently opened at Pike & Rose and the boutique Autograph hotel by Marriott thats about to open any day at Assembly Row to the reimagining of obsolete CocoWalk into a vibrant mixed-use community partial, but significant demolition is well underway, and leasing is just as strong, to the first new investment in the Primestor portfolio, about $40 million from Federal, since the formation of the venture in the form of Jordan Down, a to be developed 113,000 square foot grocery-anchored shopping center in Greater L.A. To the newly executed lease or about to be executed lease, with a powerful and growing technology firm to take the entirety of our 280,000 square foot spec office building an anchoring the end of the street at 700 Santana Row and so on. Now while most of those initiatives do not yet produce cash flow and, in fact, they were overall dilutive in the quarter to the tune of $0.02 a share, they will and have already significantly enhanced the value of the established shopping centers that they sit on. So while those and many other real estate transportation initiatives are moving ahead at full speed, our core business is doing just fine. We reported FFO per share of $1.55 in the second quarter, ahead of both consensus and our internal expectations by a couple of cents, as well as the $1.49 reported in last years quarter. Since then, sustainable growth. Rental income was up nearly 8% in the quarter, reflecting both the Primestor acquisition midway through last year and the fruits of strong leasing over the past few quarters in both the core and mixed-use divisions. When those things are combined with lower operating expenses and G&A in many areas, the overall result is powerful. So lets get to some of the results and let me start with leasing. 99 comparable deals for 449,000 square feet at an average rent of $34.75 a foot, 10% above the $31.61 that the previous tenant was paying in the last year of the lease. TIs were high this quarter, largely due to a couple of deals important to our redevelopment efforts like L.A. Fitness at Brick Plaza in New Jersey. Let met spend a quick minute on this, because TI is offensively invested as part of a propertys repositioning in a strong location are, in our view, an important and productive allocation of capital. And Brick Plaza is a great example of what has to happen in todays retail environment to strive in the future. Arguably the best located shopping center in the sub-market with numerous other retail choices, Brick needed a far more relevant tenant base for the future along with commensurate physical improvement and place making to assure it was a consolidator in the market. The shopping center can not only survive, but theyll thrive in the next decade. Were well on our way. Let me tell you about this. The 400,000 square foot-plus center that is, up until a few years ago, was merchandised with a failing A&P, a failing Bon-Ton, a failing Sports Authority, an old format and outdated theater, Dollar Tree and an underperforming Ethan Allen. Compare that with the new anchor system that includes TJXs HomeGoods, Michaels, Ulta, DSW, a multimillion complete renovation of the Lowes Theater and the aforementioned L.A. Fitness. A couple more yet to come as well be getting back Bon-Ton the next month or so, and the physical improvements in placemaking are nearly done. Imagine what those changes do, not only to the direct cash flow stream, but also to the future small shop demand and most importantly, the centers cap rate. Offensive capital allocation creates significant value. All TIs are not created equal. Earnings growth at comparable properties were strong at 3.6% quarter-over-quarter. And our overall portfolio was 95% leased, up 20 basis points since the end of the first quarter, 50 basis points since the second quarter of 2017. And while we are 95% leased, were only 93.7% occupied, a good sign as it relates to upcoming rent starts and their impact on the future income stream. I also think weve done and continue to do a really good job managing expenses in this environment, both at our corporate both the corporate and the property level. We do so without compromising the customer experience at our properties. Property level expense savings achieved through aggressive negotiations and constant focus on scope are shared with our tenants, which have the added benefit of relieving rent pressure to an extent. Its an underrated, but an important balance of professional shopping center management, something we pay a lot of attention to. In terms of the status of many of our initiative, lets start with CocoWalk in Miami, where the redevelopment is fully underway. Of course, that means we are now in the particularly dilutive demolition stage, which negatively impacted earnings growth by about $0.01 this quarter. Lots of interest and demand from both retail and office tenants, now that its physically clear thats something significant is happening there. The continued maturation of both Assembly and Pike & Rose is proceeding as expected, with initial residential lease up virtually complete at Pike & Rose, were just recently 95% leased and should be similarly occupied by the end of next quarter. Excuse me, with average net effective rents approaching $2.40 a foot. In at Assembly, we are currently 85% leased and 73% occupied with stabilized residential occupancy by the end of the year. Average net effective residential rents approached to $3.40 at Assembly. You will note in the 8-K a cost overrun of about 3% at Assembly Row Phase 2. The result of a more cautious approach to an expected Massachusetts development grant, along with an upgraded unit and common area investment at the Montaje residential building. So we felt that those enhancements were prudent, given the significantly higher and underwritten rents. Those rents more than covered the higher cost, which will result in a stronger Assembly stabilized yields. As I touched on earlier, the additions of hotels at these two largest mixed-use communities adds to a unique destination dynamic that we saw work firsthand immediate  amazingly well at Santana Row. The Canopy is open and it started ramping up the Pike & Rose, and the Row Hotel at Assembly Row will open any day now and will also start ramping up in the third quarter. Ramp up is naturally dilutive and is negatively impacted second quarter results by about $0.01. Out on the West Coast, we added to our Primestor venture, the first round of development opportunity $40 million to construct Jordan Downs Plaza, a 113,000 square foot shopping center anchored by New York Stock Exchange public company grocer Smart & Final. That lease, coupled with other signed LOIs puts us at about 80% pre-committed when construction started. Primestor has been working closely with the Jordan Downs community and a Los Angeles housing authority for years. The property is located in the Watts section of Los Angeles in close proximity to other assets in the Primestor joint venture, particularly La Alameda in Walnut Park, and of course, is earmarked by its incredible density and lack of shopping alternatives. Perhaps the best news is the new lease by a large technology firm to take down the entirety of 284,000 square foot office component of 700 Santana Row. Both economics and tenant occupancy timing beat our underwriting. We have been asked by the tenant not to reveal their identity at this point, as they want the opportunities to do so to their employees first and well respect that. As you may recall, the building is still under heavy construction and wont be turned over to tenants for their build out till next year. So the strong interest in economics from a number of perspective users, both full building and multiple tenants so soon is incredibly satisfying to us. We gave lots of thoughtful consideration to a full building user versus splitting it up among multiple users. But economic, credit and other factors led us to the conclusion that this was the best risk-adjusted decision. We would expect occupancy late in 2019. And before I open the line to your questions, I wanted to acknowledge the contributions and friendship of both Don Brigs and Chris Weilminster over the past couple of decades here. I assume most of you saw the press release yesterday. Im sure going to miss these guys and wish them the best of luck at Urban Edge. Im also certainly happy to address your questions in this regard in the G&A section  sorry the Q&A session, not the G&A section. And thats about it from my prepared remarks for the quarter. It was a really good one that we hope to follow with another and another. Let me now turn it over to Dan for some additional color and then open the lines to your questions.
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you, Don, and hello, everyone. Our $1.55 per share of FFO for the quarter was a few pennies ahead of our expectations and $0.02 above consensus. This outperformance was driven by higher NOI through occupancy gains across the portfolio, less impact from failing tenants and lower property level expenses, as well as lower G&A, but was offset by drag from the start-up of our two new hotels, at Pike & Rose and Assembly, the latter of which is yet to open. Our comparable POI metric of 3.6% in a solid result and it also bested our forecast as a result of the items I just mentioned. Our continued proactive releasing activity this year provided a drag of 70 basis points in that result. Please recall that we project this years proactive releasing activity to lay on FFO by $0.03 to $0.04, but it will generate roughly 50 to 60 basis points of incremental value-creation. With respect to former same-store metrics, which we will continue to provide for another quarter or two, same-store with re-dev was 3.4% and same-store without re-dev were 3.5%. Our lease rollover number for the quarter stood at 10%, almost 450,000 square feet of comparable leases. Combined with the 22% in Q1, our growth for the first-half of the year was 15% and on an LTM basis also 15%. But I have  as I have highlighted on previous calls, remember this is real estate, where true value creation and growth should be measured over the long-term, and lets not get overly focused on any one quarter or even any one years metrics. With respect to occupancy, our overall leased and occupied figures were 95% and 93.7%, respectively, with the metrics growing by 20% and 40 basis points  20 basis points and 40 basis points, respective  relative to the first quarter. When compared to the second quarter a year ago, they grew 50 basis points and 70 basis points, respectively. This leasing momentum was driven by several large leases, forward systems at Pentagon Row, where we converted 30,000-plus square feet of second floor retail space to Class A office, demonstrating both our mixed-use expertise, as well as our benefits of  as well as the benefits of having well-located high-quality real estate, which can be utilized for multiple uses. We also signed Bobs Furniture, whos taking our only Toys box at Escondido at double the previous rent as well as the L.A. Fitness Box at Brick. Occupancy was driven higher as Dicks opened at Willow Lawn and Richmond. Target took possession at Sams in D.C. 49er Fit at West Gate in San Jose, will have opened Fergusons at Crossroads in Greater Chicago and HomeGoods as part of the Brick redevelopment highlighted earlier. These positive operating metrics put us in a position to revise our FFO guidance upward, shifting the range up to $6.13 to $6.23 per share, up from $6.08 to $6.24. That represents a $0.02 increase and the midpoint from $6.16 to $6.18. Ill caution folks not to get too aggressive in their own revisions higher. And please note that some of these gains are relative to our forecast were timing related, particularly on the expense side where we forecast some of those gains to come back in the second-half of the year. With respect to our comparable POI metric, we are also revising our outlook higher to about 3% from a previous range of 2% to 3%, driven by another strong quarter of 3.6% to go along with 3.8% in Q1. At this point, I would like to address the new lease accounting standard, which will go into effect on January 1, 2019. While we are still going through a full evaluation of the standard, there was one area that we wanted to highlight. The new standard requires certain leasing costs, which were previously capitalized to be expensed in earnings as incurred. This reclassification does not affect cash flow, cash available for distribution, nor AFFO. And as a result, there is no real economic impact. However, it will change FFO. We forecast the impact to be roughly $0.07 to $0.10 or in the 1% to 1.5% range. The change to our 2017 and 2018 FFO pro forma for the new standard would have been similar. So theres effectively no change to our FFO growth rate on an apples-to-apples basis. With respect to consensus 2019, my sense is that very few of the analysts have this impact incorporated into their numbers. Now on to the balance sheet, which continues to be extremely well-positioned from a capital perspective. We continue to make progress closing on all 107 market rate units at Assembly Row and 52 of the 99 units at Pike & Rose at quarter-end, raising over $120 million of proceeds year-to-date. As a result, our credit metrics continue to improve with our net debt to EBITDA ratio improving to 5.5 times for the second quarter, down from 5.9 times at year-end. Our fixed charge coverage ratio improving to 4.2 times, up from 3.9 times at year-end. We expect these credit metrics to continue to trend positively through the balance of 2018, as we raise additional capital cost effectively through opportunistic asset sales, where we have targeted roughly $70 million for the balance of the year. Now before moving to Q&A, this call signifies my second year anniversary at Federal Realty. As part of that milestone, I would like to bring back a common theme of my first few earnings calls, where I highlighted some of my initial observations since joining Federal. For this call, Id just like to highlight the fact that, again, Federal has increased its dividend. Thats 51 years of increasing the dividend on an annual basis. A record in the REIT sector, where no other REIT comes close to demonstrating this level of stability, growth and execution through cycles and over the long-term. That growth still stands at a 7% compounded rate over this 51-year run. Thats a truly impressive record and one that all members of the Federal family can be proud of. And with that operator, you can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler ONeill. Your line is now open.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning. Don, just a question, I guess, to use a baseball analogy. Youre a big fan of sort of farm raising talent and developing people. With these departures, do you think that youll do sort of a direct replacement, or do you think that the departures and the people that youre thinking about mean that you may look at the organization a little bit differently as far as what the structure may be?
Donald Wood: Yes. Good morning, Alex, and thanks for asking. Let me put some perspective on this whole thing. First of all, often got two great guys here. And he paid up handsomely to do so, which makes me really happy for my guys and it certainly shows as that, I guess, mixed-use is the magic elixir these days in terms of ways to move forward. But lets step back for a minute to your question, right? Our companys goal is not to imprison the team for a lifetime, so that nothing changes and keep them inside the place. Its rather, as you say, to create a team atmosphere, great team atmosphere, grow careers, learn from mistakes and build the deep bench of talent, who will get their own opportunities as time passes and changes are warranted. Both Chris and Don love Federal, and we love them. And it shows in even the ways this was done. Both of them are committed to be here through the end of the year. Now, I dont think it will take that long for the transition. But the fact that Chris is working down in Florida with Don also to an extent there. It just shows kind of the way they want to go about making that change in the straightforward and honesty, I love that. I want that from anybody that works here and I want them to all feel that way. I mean, if you think about it, if somebody said to you 20 years ago, Ill give you 20 years. Were going to train and build and hire underlings, get better at what we do. Then at the end of 20 years, you get $10 million and twice the pay, Id say, great, Ill sign up for that all day long. So it certainly shows the value of mixed-use and theyre going to do wonders for that platform over the next 20 years as it takes a while. But with that happening, we can get down to, okay, now what will we do, how will we do it And the bottom line is, there will not be a plug-in, plug-out replacement for either of those guys. This  what weve been doing specifically over the last five, with  you saw last year, we promoted the Vice President, Patrick McMahon up in Boston. We hired couple of years ago Ramsey Meiser as a Senior Vice President out of Forest City. You think about a guy like John Tschiderer, who has grown up in this organization and created the type of value and not only the core, but in redevelopment and mixed-use, all the way through and their teams under them, were ready for this. But what it allows us to do is have a clean sheet of paper, great opportunities for others, but we have the time to figure out basically how to look towards the next way to approach these projects. Don is a visionary man and he a damn good in terms of mixed-use. But at this point, were not looking for the next giant piece of land to create the next big mixed-use project. Weve got a ton to do, executing the specific places that we have already built. So when you look at Pike & Rose, the next phases, Assembly, the next phases, certainly on the West Coast with Jeff and his team, the next phases, thats kind of where we are. So as you think about it, I look today, theyre  Im not saying, we wont add to the team. We probably will add to the team as it goes through. But mostly this will be a re-jiggering of people inside and giving some opportunities to folks that had been dying for it. When you have a senior team, thats been here 20 years, one of the downsides of that is you have other people saying, what about me and where do I get  how do I get my opportunity So this is net-net, believe me, Ill miss these guys, but this isnt a bad thing for Federal over the long-term.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second question is just going out to California and prime start  Primestor, sorry. the Watts development, I mean, its good piece of dirt, but maybe you can just walk through the economics, I think its a groundless But if you could just walk through the economics and how youre thinking about it? And then the other thing is, it certainly a productive portfolio. But is your sense for, when you go speak to retailers that theyre willing to commit to the rents that really are commensurate with the productivity, or there is still a bit of skepticism by retailers about going  about building in Watts and going there versus if it was a center on the west side?
Jeff Berkes: Yes. Let me answer that question for you in a minute, Alex. I want to go back to your question to Don and just pile on a little bit. So one thing, I think everybody needs to keep in mind about Federal, obviously, you all know we have a great portfolio of real estate. But really what weve done over our 50-plus-year history, if you will, is kind of lead the charge in how you take care of that real estate and how you redevelop that real estate, right? So, Federal was one of the first company as to really think about running a neighborhood or a community shopping center better than it had ever been run before with great signage and a great tenant mix and great landscaping. And 20, 30 years ago, we got into the street retail business before anybody else did. And then we got into the mixed-use business and with the development of Bethesda Row over 20 years ago. Lately, we built some great mixed-use neighborhoods like Santana Row, Assembly Row, Pike & Rose, we did the Primestor joint venture. We are always forward looking here. We are thought leaders in our business. And Im really going to miss Don and Chris too, not only where theyre great work colleagues, but they are good friends of mine. But I want everybody to be confident that we built the team here and we will continue to grow and staff the team to be thought leaders and do whats best next for our real estate. So, probably didnt need all that detail, but I just wanted to let you know how I was thinking about this as well. As it relates to Jordan Downs and your question, were really excited about Jordan Downs. Like Don said, Primestor has been working on this for a number of years, have been working very closely with the community and the Los Angeles Housing Authority. The property sits about two miles south of La Alameda and about three miles west of Azalea, two of our other assets of the Primestor joint venture. Whats happening is Century Boulevard, which if youve been to LAX, youve been on Century Boulevard. It starts at LAX and it goes east and it stops when you get to Jordan Downs. And as part of its development, Century Boulevard is being extended through Jordan Downs to Alameda and making a great new intersection which is right where Jordan Downs Plaza is located. There is 700 not so great looking affordable housing units that are being taken down, and the unit count within Jordan Downs over time will be doubled to 1,400 housing units. So the whole area is undergoing a transformation. There are more people within three miles of Jordan Downs Plaza than any of our other Primestor centers, nearly 500,000 people within three miles. So the density is just incredible. And when you think about tenant demand and economics, because Primestor did in these communities for long time, first with La Alameda and then with Azalea, because they know how the tenants do, because they know what the community wants and needs. They put together a great tenant mix for Jordan Downs. Like Don said, we were  we had a grocery store lease signed before we close, and were committed on just more of, if I think of 80% of the NOI in the project with other tenants and there is a strong, strong tenant demand. So I dont think theres  is there a discount for the website? Yes, there is a discount in the website for a variety of reasons but are the rents strong and will the economics be strong based on the cost to build the project absolutely, we are real excited about it.
Alexander Goldfarb: But Jeff, can you just give us a sense of the net yields after the ground lease payment what you guys expect
Jeff Berkes: Well, its in the 8-K, right So the projected return on a costs is 7.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay.
Jeff Berkes: If we have a shot at during better than that, well see, its a development project. So well know better in a year or so.
Alexander Goldfarb: Great. Thank you.
Jeff Berkes: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: Good morning, everyone. So, Don, you guys have some great pockets of vacancy in some of your best centers like Bethesda Row, Village at Shirlington, San Antonio Center and Hollywood Boulevard. Any near-term updates on those projects or those vacancies?
Donald Wood: Sure. Yes  and I think this probably goes back a couple of years, keeping in terms of our real heavy looking at how these things need to be improved upon from a merchandising perspective in particular, as well as physically for the next 10 years. So in Bethesda, you absolutely see vacancy. You see the vacancy that is a turnover from kind of the old tenancy to what weve done, virtually all leased up other than a couple of spaces on Bethesda Lane, but not yet occupied, not  in some cases, not yet lease has been signed, but all the way there in terms of the new thought process, the negotiations with tenant, et cetera, other than Hollywood Boulevard, for example. So Bethesda, theres Hollywood, God, Hollywood, we are close on two other deals, there again improving merchandising in that network  in that area.
Jeff Berkes: And that will result in a redevelopment of the property.
Donald Wood: Yes. And what were the other specific ones, Ki Bin?
Ki Bin Kim: I think Village at Shirlington, San Antonio Center, just to name a couple?
Donald Wood: Yes. All right. Shirlington is a great example. Shirlington has been a terrific kind of local restaurant street, if you will, for the last 10 or 15 years and particularly that we did. Today, we want that to be  to reach further, to be more. And so we are looking at redevelopment opportunities. As a result, we are shortening some leases in the building that would be impacted by that, which causes more vacancy today. But as you sit back, if I took you, we walked through Shirlington, as an example, and told you the plan not well enough to have it lay down in every dollar that you get at this point. Youd say, I get it. The things going to worth a lot more than it is today.
Ki Bin Kim: And just touching on that, your shadow pipeline of new development or redevelopment projects that look  that are probably a little bit bigger at scope. What is the main trigger point for those projects to be greenlit? Is it the fact that maybe market rents have to rise a little bit more to justify economics, or is it just timing of getting space back, or it is more simply a fact that you have a lot on your plate?
Donald Wood: Its a combination of that. We always have and this has kind of been one of the hardest things for me to decide over the years was, how big do you want to scale the company, how big do you want to development group. Could you get to more, is that better, how much should development be as a percentage of the whole company I think we got it about right. And so there is a component of capacity on our side, which I do think works in the balance. But its much more complicated than that. It does get to what  primarily what are the lease terms of some of the major tenants in there. Thats a perfect example in Darien, for example in Connecticut. And a number of these, so we work through continually ways to get back space, economically does it make sense, would it be better to wait. We also have high construction cost today. And if I were to say, whats the one thing that is making it tougher to pull the trigger on deals, it is the development costs relative to the ability to underwrite the rents necessary to get there. Develop  there was no question that construction costs have risen in a lot of markets that were in over the past five or six years faster than the rents have, which squeezes it. But it doesnt change the long-term viability of these assets being intensified and more valuable.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thanks, Don.
Donald Wood: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is now open.
Christy McElroy: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Dan, just wanted to follow-up on the same-store NOI growth forecast. At 3%, so that implies a  obviously a deceleration into the second-half. Can you just maybe talk about the moving parts of that? And you mentioned that expenses were expected to come back or some timing issues there. How does that play into it, as well as maybe the lease term fees and some of the normalizing of the re-tenanting drag?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. With respect to comparable growth, I would just say that, third quarter probably is forecasted to be down  to be the weakest quarter of the year primarily given a pretty tough comps, as well as the fact that the  our proactive releasing activity will have its greatest impact in the  in that quarter. And well also start feeling the drag from things like the Toys Box in Escondido, which weve already released, but which will have some downtime and vacancy before Bobs takes possession. The fourth quarter probably will bounce back. So that gives you a little bit of  to around kind of the 3% range. So that gives you a little bit of a sense of where we expect things for the last two quarters. With regards to some of the expense get back, some of its G&A related. But for the most part, we dont expect much movement with regards to term fees. Term fees probably will not influence or impact in our forecast the next two quarters.
Christy McElroy: And then Don, you made a comment about the next phases of Pike & Rose. You recently sent a letter to Montgomery County about the White Flint sector. How do your current views about whats happening there impact the potential for additional dollars that Federal would commit to projects in the area?
Donald Wood: Yes. Listen, its a good question. I mean, what  that letter got leaked, which didnt get leaked from us, but we were. I have no problem with it being out in the public. What youre seeing is a little bit of the sausage making of development. And thats what  what effectively that is and there is no question that we continually fight to make sure that we are getting the  an economic deal that make sense. We need in projects like that partners with state level officials as the letter kind of stands on itself. There is absolutely stuff. I think you and I talked about that in the past. That should have been done already there. That has not been done to this point by in terms of County obligations. And so were fighting through that. So in terms of, does it stop the capital allocation or not, were going to have to see. But were going to  Im not going to negotiate that here on this call certainly. But thats part of the sausage making of figuring out how to create acceptable returns, its nothing more than that.
Christy McElroy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. Im going to Brick Plaza. The 13% vacancy at Brick Plaza, does that include Bon-Ton?
Donald Wood: No, it does not, Craig, well get the Bon-Ton back. If you  if I took you there, you would see a property that, its big, right, its 400,000-plus feet. So there are sections of Brick Plaza. The first section is complete with respect to its re-tenanting, with most of the tenants that I enumerated in the prepared remarks in terms of it physicality, et cetera. The second part of it is not yet complete. Were working that through. The third part will be Bon-Ton. So theres still work to do in terms of what we are getting there. The hard part was to get that first group of new merchandising, if you will, in place, and you can imagine what thats now doing to the acceleration of tenant demand for the balance.
Craig Schmidt: Yes. It looks like a casebook example of good dirt. You almost had a near complete recycling of the anchor tenants there.
Donald Wood: Well, you know what flaw  and this is  to me what this is a flaw. We believe we have the best piece of dirt in that market. And I think if I took you there, you would agree with me. And yet, if you look at a few years ago, the merchandising in that shopping center versus the other products, six in one half dozen of the other, it didnt matter which one a tenant would go to. And thats an anathema to having the good dirt. You cant have that. If youve got the best dirt, you need to be able to get there. So this effort to redevelop cant happen without the best piece of dirt, because youre going too uphill against the other. So it is textbook. And I think well be talking about it for years. Youll get sick of hearing about Brick.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Samir Khanal: Hi, Don, good morning. Can you generally talk about your conversations with some of your top tenants in light of sort of the slight moderation and spreads in regards to negotiating rents? I know Ascena, I think the increased their sort of fleet optimization scope recently to like its 800 stores versus a former 600. So where do you stand on negotiations with sort of your top tenants in general and maybe Ascena, in particular?
Donald Wood: I sure can. And as you asked the question, I guess I thought of one in particular and thats Bed-Bath. As you would imagine, the negotiations of options coming up and what was going to happen, we knew it was going to be a negotiation. And so  with that tenant. And yet of the five locations that had renewal options coming up and immediately without negotiations, four of them were renewed. That speaks to it, thats a testament to the real estate, right, then and there with respect to that. We had option rates  rents. And the fifth one is a property that we are looking at redeveloping early on. And so those conversations are the same type of conversations that have always happened and I believe will always happen. You are trying to create a place where that particular  whatever particular tenant is there can make money. And they can see a way to make money, youre going to have a pretty good negotiation. If they cant and you dont have choices, youre not. Now Ascena is one that is kind of such in the middle of figuring themselves out and working through their issues that weve approached them and continue to approach them on a one by one locational negotiation, if you will. And so far, there have been a couple that were going to lose, thats okay. There are others that updated just at option rents or renegotiated rents. And everything in between, that continues Samir. I dont expect that to change throughout the balance of 2018 in terms of that process.
Samir Khanal: Okay. I mean  I know the retailers always ask for the lower rent if possible, but have you seen sort of that with volume or the level of ask sort of come down maybe in the last six months?
Donald Wood: Not, not broadly. I can tell you that I certainly believe retailers in general are doing better. I believe that the tax cuts that happened earlier in this year are having a good impact on consumer spending, I believe that. Accordingly, I believe that executives in charge of retailers are more optimistic. And hence the negotiations are more likely to exercise an option or at terms that the landlord needs. And thats  but  so from the standpoint of hopefulness, if you will, in that community, I do think that the last six or nine months of increased consumer spending and sales in a lot of cases has really helped that negotiation process.
Samir Khanal: Okay. Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Hi, good morning, guys. Yes, Don, if I could just maybe go back to the departures of the other Don and Chris. Look, I will say, its good to have maybe one less Don there, it makes it a little less confusing.
Donald Wood: That was the motive.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Yes, thats great. Im just curious, how does their departure affects, maybe relationships with retailers or even municipal and joint venture partners or whom might have seen them as sort of the special sauce of Federal like they keep one in contact?
Donald Wood: Yes. Well, you remember, Chris went from leasing to the mixed-use side a few years back. And with that came the ascension of other people, more people in our organization doing anchor work led by Wendy Seher, who worked under Chris, now she has been here 15 years. At this point in time, absolutely no diminution at all from the retailer side would we expect, absolutely not. And with respect to the development side, in terms of municipality and relationships that in particular sure. So Briggs relationship at Sunset in Florida could absolutely impact the way we move forward on Sunset. Im going to send somebody down there. Were going to do a complete relook without any of the biases as to what we should do there. Thats a pretty good example of that. In terms of the others, Somerville, for example, close to your heart, weve got deep relationships in Somerville beyond, Don. Not that Don isnt the primary spoke person, he is. But so do I so do others in the company along the way. And by the way, its  the master plan is done. It is now execution of existing things a long way. So just dont think about us, including me as anyone person at this company is  changes what Federal Realty does and how were able to take the real estate we have, which is really good stuff and execute value-enhancement on it.
Jeffrey Donnelly: You were speaking earlier about, or maybe it was Jeff, actually was speaking earlier about how Federal was sort of leading the charge in the different areas of retailer over the years. Do you look at projects like Jordan Downs as maybe that next evolution, I mean, going into sort of inner city retail that something that many times over the last decade or two actually been talked about as an underpenetrated market, but you have really seen many people try to crack it on a bigger scale basis. Do you think that is something that you guys are looking at I know progress has a little challenging, because its more of a public/private partnership with?
Jeff Berkes: Its one arrow in a quiver. And I think if you sit back and you think about  look, this business, the most  the greatest thing about this business was, if you were going back at 2003 or 2004, there were in the new age, if you will, when REITs were only 10 years old generally. You would have undermanaged shopping center in a great location, where it was under private ownership and underinvested in, and youd be able to take it over, put a little lipstick on it, clean it up and increase rent points 20% and 30%, while by the way, cap rates fell from 8% to 6% or whatever it was. Thats a great business. Thats a tough business today. The ability to create value through development clearly is a better business than trying to find those needles in the haystack alone, because I dont believe there are a lot of them. When you sit back and go forward, and think, okay, whats next, you are talking about scale of mixed-use. How we should do mixed-use well, how we should look into new markets like Primestor with a demographic, thats clearly underserved. Theres also a couple of other things that were looking at. Should probably think about technology and how thats used in terms of data for retailers and for landlords. So maybe the analogies, its another arrow in the quiver. But there are two or three or four of them that were all looking through right now.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, guys, sorry, if I missed this. I just wanted to go back to the lease spreads here. I know it can be a volatile stag, given the size of the portfolio and the spreads were good, but below your typical levels in the mid to high-teens. So I get youre a bit of a victim of your own success on this. But can you talk about the spreads a little bit for the quarter? Any deals in particular that impacted things that are worth highlighting And then I guess, as we look out, spreads balanced to the mid-teens for the first-half year. So fair to assume sort of return to that level in the back-half?
Dan Guglielmone: Well, let me talk about this first-half. I guess, we shouldnt have reported 22 in the first quarter and 10 in the second, should have just done 15 15. But it doesnt work like that, right? It is what it is. The  this company does about 400 deals a year. So 100 deals a quarter or something like that. And that means there are always a few deals that are going to create volatility associated with that. One is a deal that hurt that today is a really important deal out of Plaza El Secundo. And thats the Nordstrom Rack deal that replace a Cost Plus tenant and that was a roll down. Thats okay. It does a whole lot more for that shopping center, than any other tenant frankly, that we could have done in that space. But we had heartburn over doing the deal, but we did it. And so theres always  there were a couple of deals like that. That one was the largest that I talked about in the quarter. And overall, there is no doubt in my mind that market rents exceed the rents in place in this portfolio. And significantly, and I think that slide that we show is my favorite part about that in the road show in place versus what deals are being done at. That we expect to continue. I just cant tell you 90 days at a time, which  how thats going to continue journey. So thats probably the best I have.
Jeremy Metz: No, I appreciate the color. Its helpful. And second one from me, just going back to Primestor, you obviously kicked off another deal. But maybe stepping back, this is a bit of a pioneering adventure for Federal in terms of the communities it was targeting in the west. So can you just talk about what unique insights youre maybe gaining there? And then how that could possibly translate across either other parts of the portfolio or even opportunities in other similar markets?
Jeff Berkes: Yes. Jeremy, this is Jeff Berkes, and thats a great question. Although I dont really have a great answer for you, I think its a little early. I mean, were closing in here on our first year of kind of running the portfolio we bought with Primestor. And obviously, looking at a bunch of new opportunities. Weve got one done in the form of Jordan Downs. What weve thought going into the venture is proving out to be true and that is  there is significant unmet demand. And that unmet demand kind of comes in two forms. One the people are going  they live in a community that need a great place to go shop and spend time with their families, go out to dinner, that kind of thing. The other unmet demand is theres a bunch of tenants that are not in the market yet, that should be, right, which creates competition for space and which creates upward pressure on rents. So we thought that going in and thats absolutely proving out to be true. Where we can take that beyond Southern California, which is really Primestors expertise, PBD, something we are always thinking about, talking to my counterparts on the East Coast about similar type things, but no definitive next steps as it relates to that at this point, little bit too early.
Donald Wood: But what I will say, let me just add to that, Jeremy. The important thing about the concept, I do think this pioneering, if you would call it that, is not really pioneering at all. I really do think, its  I know why youre saying that and its from that perspective. But when you look at demand versus supply, I mean, the one thing  the one worry I have about this is that, I think were doing a lot to bring this idea into the forefront, which brings down cap rates of these type of properties, because you can see the  that demand obviously exceed supply. And so, I think its harder for companies to get into this. I think, youll see more companies trying to do this. I know there are a couple of private guys that are talking to us about trying to do more and having us invest with them. And I dont know how I feel about that for purposes of this call. But I dont think youre going to feel that this is pioneering two years from now and thats just an opinion.
Jeremy Metz: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vince Tibone with Green Street Advisors. Your line is now open.
Vince Tibone: Good morning. Now that your cost of capital has rebounded some from earlier in the year. How are you thinking about acquisition opportunities today? And can you also just touch any trends in cap rates youre seeing in your markets?
Dan Guglielmone: Do you want to take it?
Donald Wood: Yes, sure. I mean start with any size, Ill finish up.
Dan Guglielmone: Were  let think of a good way to start this off. We, of course, cost of capital bounces around, right, and its bounced around for years. And our view when were investing capital is not so much to look at the spot price of our cost of capital, but to look at the longer-term weighted average cost of capital and make our decisions, investment decisions that way. So bump up or down in the stock price or in the interest rate or a bump up or down in the cap rate really doesnt have a material impact on our view of how we should invest our money, because again, we are in the game for the long-term and when were making investments, we think about the long term, right? We are always in the market, looking to buy. But were only in the market looking to buy great locations that were pretty comfortable, we can add value to  over time. Those deals, as Don mentioned earlier, are difficult to find and this market they continue to be difficult to find it. But were out there looking and we always have a number of things that were working on. And from time to time, well get those done and as we do with Jordan Downs, right?
Donald Wood: I would  the only thing I would say to that is that, those opportunities are more likely to have redevelopment components to them as the way to create value than just blowing up rents on existing shopping center.
Dan Guglielmone: Yes, absolutely. The days of buy an old center and giving it a little lipstick and rouge and rolling rents up, Id love to find those, but they are not around like they were 10, 15 years ago, right? In terms of cap rates, where cap rates are going, really, really tough to say right now. I think on prior calls and you probably hear this from other management teams as well that the really good stuff is still trading at really aggressive cap rates. I think maybe whats changed over the last six, nine, 12 months, is if that bulls-eye was a size of a quarter year ago, maybe that bulls-eye is the size of a nickel now, right? Fewer deals are viewed as  fewer properties are viewed as really, really good properties. And when you start to move out on the Target away from the bulls-eye, than its kind of anybody guess as to where the cap rates might be in the secondary and tertiary markets. Its just very difficult market right now, a few buyers showing up to bid.
Vince Tibone: No, thank you. Thats very helpful color. Just one more from me and maybe switching gears a bit. Looks like shop occupancy was down about 50 basis points on year-over-year basis. Within that segment, can you just discuss kind of where youre experiencing the move-outs, whether merchandise categories, specific retailers, just curious if get a little bit more color on kind of why that ticked down some?
Jeff Berkes: Yes, thats not me. Someone else is going to have to take that question. Who wants it, or well look at it and get back to you. What do you think?
Donald Wood: I think let us kind of focus on that. It wasnt something that popped out to us. We can follow back up with you Vince on that one.
Vince Tibone: Okay, no problem. Thank you. Thats all I have.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Hoglund with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
George Hoglund: Hi, good morning. I was wondering if you can just give any kind of update on your view of the grocery exposure. And how you think grocery environment may change over time and then your exposure to grocery there? And also how it relates to kind of ethnic grocers and what kind of performance difference youre seeing there versus kind of traditional grocers?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes. Im not sure with respect to the latter first just have to get that out of the way. Im not sure I have a macro comment in terms of that difference George. I will tell you, but this is such a local base business. And so what weve really tried to do hard over the last year, year-and-a-half, in particular, is meet with grocery management teams, try to understand where they are going. I mean the real interesting one is Harris Teeter, which we have along with Kroger, so now the same company at Barracks Road, they had two grocers in the same shopping center in a market that does have competition in terms of that. I can tell you, they like others are trying lots of different things to figure out their next steps. Theyre also doing a pretty darn good job  a far better job than ever before on prepared foods, on those things that bring somebody into the shopping center or to the grocery store. Are we at the point where we can say the middle to  all the middle of the aisles of the grocery store macro-wise are going to go away and all youre going to need is 15,000 square foot grocers with prepared foods and flowers and other things that are experiential? No, were not at that stage. In fact, what we see is a lot of grocers in the markets that were doing business in doing very well. Are they  are sales going up, the way they did a decade ago? Absolutely not, and there is clearly pressures. They are clearly trying to figure that out. But their cost ratios and their ability to be four walls profitable or in fact, effectively increase that profitability, looks very promising. So, its so hard for me and maybe its just because our company is not that big. But to make macro statements with respect to grocers in the U.S., I can make micro statements with respect to the markets that were in and rightsizing and sometimes thats big and sometimes thats smaller in each location that we are in, is something that  every grocer we talk to is actively interested in the conversations and thats says to me, yes, they are absolutely looking for ways to improve profitability in a more aggressive way than they have before. But beyond that, I dont have much to say in terms of the Primestor portfolio and the food that we have there. Those are strong performing grocers as they are in our markets. And in terms of where they go, I just  I dont have anything unless you do Jeff to add to that.
Jeff Berkes: I dont think we have a deep enough pool to really answer that question broadly.
George Hoglund: All right. Thanks for the color.
Jeff Berkes: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good morning.
Donald Wood: Good morning.
Haendel St. Juste: So the Brookstone bankruptcy filing this morning reminds us that while the retail backdrop is improving theres still some challenges out there. So can you talk a bit about your tenant watch list and on tenant credit underwriting today? How are you thinking about tenant credit quality? Have you made changes in your underwriting of new tenants this late in the cycle? Are you raising standards, requiring more deposits? And then on Funk specifically, they become one of your bigger tenants and they become bigger as they grow. So Im curious how are you thinking about exposure to a tenant like that and what it means to your credit risk profile?
Donald Wood: Yes, in terms of the second one, by the way, I really dont want to comment on that. I didnt tell you who the tenant was in the building that we were at 700 Santana Row, so I dont want to comment on that any further at this point. I hope you understand that. And then with respect to overall tenant credit and underwriting, look, man, we  not  no different, no different in terms of what this company has consistently done and every investment we make in a space. If weve got to put money into a space and all deals we need to that for, I get, we are absolutely running through a vigorous credit process to underwrite whether we are probable or more likely than not to get through that lease and if not what protections that we have. We negotiate termination rights extremely aggressively. We negotiate go dark, right, extremely aggressively. We have a pretty good track record of  to controlling the space and controlling the shopping center to the extent we can and obviously relative to other deals that are out there, that is a really important thing. In terms of the  if theres not money going into the space, were a loser on the ability to try something out with the tenant  with different types of tenants along the way there. But none of that has changed. Youre still taking your most aggressive shot at control and obviously rent. So no, man, I dont see a big difference and obviously then that, I dont have to say it, but Im going to say it for the record, we have no Brookstones.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay, thanks for that. And then one more follow-up on the departures of Chris and Don. Look, I dont know if I missed this, but is there going to be any G&A impact in either 4Q or early 2019? And then more broadly curious on any implications there to your readout spend going forward? You talked about the not starting any big projects right now, cost exceeding rents. So Im curious if we should be thinking about a deceleration in spend on re-dev in the coming years or perhaps am I reading too much into that? Thanks.
Donald Wood: You are. You shouldnt be. I mean, there was another question about the next phase of Pike & Rose. I mean with Pike & Rose, wed like to get going with that whether we can or not, thats got nothing to do with the departures, thats got everything to do with our underwriting. Assembly Row, we are getting close on the next thing to talk about at Assembly Row. That will not be changed one way or the other. With respect to the West Coast, we are making real progress on Santana West, whether that gets announced shortly or not, certainly isnt impacted by the departures. So no, you should not see  you should not see a reduction in that. And by the way, if we did buy the next big piece of land for a mixed-use property, you would see no benefit of that for five to seven to nine years, right, just to put that stuff in context. Remember, we got Assembly, we acquired it in 2005. We acquired Pike & Rose. We got control of Pike & Rose in 2009. Stuff takes time, no question about it. So please dont think theyll be a diminution in development activity or redevelopment activity because of the departures. If there is, its because of economics. And we are not going to  were not going to put money to work in a dilutive way. So that is to be seen. But so far nothing that I would say would cause that diminution.
Dan Guglielmone: And with regards to the G&A question, the first part of your question, there may be a modest pickup, but it wont be material and wouldnt change kind of how we are thinking about G&A or G&A forecast for the balance of the year in a material way.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. Thank you. Much appreciated.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Donald Wood: Mike, you there?
Operator: If your line is on mute, can you please unmute.
Operator: It looks like hes not on the line anymore. So Ill go ahead and turn the call back over to Leah to  for closing remarks.
Leah Andress Brady: Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Hope you all enjoy the rest of the summer and we look forward to seeing you this fall.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude todays conference. Thank you very much for your participation. You may all disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Leah Brady - Head, Corporate Capital Markets Don Wood - CEO Dan G. - CFO Jeff Berkes - EVP, President, West Coast Chris Weilminster - EVP, President-Mixed-Use
Analysts: Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Christy McElroy - Citi Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Market Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Daniel Santos - Sandler ONeil Mike Mueller - JPMorgan Floris van Dijkum - Boenning Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to First Quarter 2018 Federal Realty Investment Trust's Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's conference Leah Brady. You may begin.
Leah Brady: Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G., Dawn Becker, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. I would like to remind you that certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may be affect our financial condition and results of operations. These documents are available on our website. Given the number of participants on today's call, we kindly ask that you limit your questions to one or two per person during the Q&A portion of our call. If you have additional questions, please feel free to jump back in the queue. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our first quarter results. Don?
Don Wood: Thanks Ms. Brady and good morning everyone. Really good quarter for us with all metrics from FFO to lease rollover growth to comparable property income growth, and others exceeding our expectations. Strengthened with across the board and while I always caution about reading too much into any 90 day period, our performance here was encouraging. FFO per share of a $1.52 beat consensus estimates by a couple of cents and was nearly 5% better than 2017 first quarter. That growth came despite the 60 basis point hit to occupancy caused by a couple of big vacates like DSW and Hollywood, Walmart and LA Sardines and [Mart] at Grand Park. Those vacancies were all anticipated and either have been or nearly released or part of a broader redevelopment plan as is the case Grand Park. In any event those rents will be more than replaced when backup. Rental income was up nearly 8% in the quarter reflecting both the Primestor acquisition mid way through last year and the fruits of strong leasing over the past few quarters in both the core and mixed use divisions. When those things are combined with lower operating expenses in G&A in many areas the overall result is powerful. So lets get some of the results and let me start with leasing. 78 deals for over 400,000 square feet at an average rent of 31.4 to 51 a foot 22% above the $25.91 that the previous tent was paying in the last year of their lease. By the way, TIs this quarter were lot lower than last year its not a trend just the fact this quarter. Example of strong rollover deals were evident in both small shop and anchors and on both coasts. Floor and decor replacing one of our two Kmarts in the portfolio, a deal weve been working on for quite some time and so with shopping center and suburban Boston was a big one. So with Bob's Discount Furniture that has taken the old Walmart space and one of the Primestor assets in greater Los Angeles that our restaurant offerings at places like the avenue at White Marsh and Linden Square at Wellesley, Massachusetts also contributed. Quarter-after-quarter the evidence suggests that tenants will pay higher rents when theyre confident that theyll do the business to support it playing a good deals are getting done. Earnings growth at comparable property were stronger at 3.8% quarter-over-quarter and lease termination fees of those properties contributed 90 points of that result. As you know, we feel very strong with the lease termination fees are often the result of landlord leverage and a stronger negotiated lease and therefore belong in a comparable number. Sometimes it helps the comparison, sometimes it hurts but it's always an integral part how we run our business. It was a particularly strong quarter and our core shopping center business. I mentioned a minute ago that big store openings like Burlington at the Assembly Square Power Center, Michael's Brick Plaza and Melville for example resulted in strong leasing in past quarters really made their impact felt in this first quarter. Tighter cost controls and renegotiated vendor contracts also helped us drive the number to the bottom line. These results were posted despite the dilutive impact of new residential lease up at the Henri and Pike & Rose and the Montaje Assembly Row but based on the current pace of lease up those two buildings will be accretive to earnings by the latter part of this year and at current residential cap rates weve already created about $100 million of value in those buildings. So lets talk about our residential portfolio for a minute and Ill start with an update on that residential leasing at our two buildings currently under lease up. The 272 unit Henri is now 82% leased, 76% occupied at net effective rate rents of $2.35 a foot ahead of budget on lease up pace and meeting budget on rate. When you factor in the other two stabilize residential buildings Pike & Rose theyre already open which by the way were not significantly impacted by the new supply coming on the combined residential lease percentage is now over 90% at that project. Adding the condos there are more than half way sold out at about $600 a foot which is above pro forma and there are nearly 800 families now living at this former strip shopping center beside. Pike & Rose quickly establishing itself as the regions residential destination choice. At Assembly Row the 447 unit Montaje High-Rise is now over 69% leased and 40% occupied and net effective rents of $3.37 a foot well above budget. As far as the condos are concerned there, all 107 market-rate units are sold out at $850 per foot and as of last week 96 of them have been closed on and delivered. As far as we know Avlon base product at Assembly continues to perform very well and now combined with our makes Assembly Row the residential destination of choice in the surrounding area. At Pike & Rose and Assembly Row, not to mention Santana Row, Bethesda Row and Congressional Plaza we think we just beautifully made the case for the strong demand for quality residential product at various price points and well planned Massachusetts communities. In its first 15 years of existence at Santana Row, the compound annual growth rate of the overall residential offering there approaches 4% I like this business. By the end of the year  the end of this year federal own and operate nearly 2700 residential units in major coastal markets. Those apartments are expected to generate about $55 million in operating income by calendar 2020 roughly a $1.2 billion residential portfolio. As far as other components of our development program, the 177 room Canopy Hotel by Hilton opened at Pike & Rose at the end of the first quarter was real with the product. The Grand opening parties saw a nearly a thousand guests, dignitaries, even Christmas [indiscernible]. We now strongly encourage investors and analysts and anyone else for that matter to experience this hotel anytime you come to Montgomery County, Maryland. As you may remember, we own 80% of equity in the hotel and a joint venture with local developer BPG group. We continue to make progress on completing the phase 2 retail lease up at those Pike & Rose and Assembly Row as they are 91% and 80% leased respectively. Both of these projects are creating very significant real estate value. Construction at 700 Santana Row our 300,000 square foot $210 million office building being built to anchor the end of the street remains on budget and on time for a late 2019 delivery. Leasing efforts are ongoing with lot of interest in both and the community for this heavily amenitized office environment. In Greater Miami, were now under construction at CocoWalk to roughly $75 million redevelopment of this well located multistory retail center into a mixed-use project that would certainly offer seats to the Coconut Grove community with the addition of 80,000 square feet of prime office space on five floors. Were currently pretty far along in the lease negotiation with our national tenant but roughly half of that space in line with our pro forma rents without any but drawings to show them, its a great start this transformation. Nothing more to say on Sunset Place given the challenge rejection of additional height and uses at this world shopping center and so well continue to operate it as it is for the time being. And that's about it from my prepared remarks for the quarter with a really good one that we hope to follow with another and another. Let me now turn it over to Dan for some additional color and then open the line to your questions.
Dan G.: Thank you, Don and Leah, and hello, everyone.  Another solid quarter to start the year for Federal with FFO of 1.52 per share almost 5% above the first quarter of 2017. This result was a few pennies ahead of our expectations and $0.02 above consensus. Year performance was driven by higher NOI primarily due to less impact from failing tenants, higher other property revenues, lower property operating expenses with a slight offset from higher real estate taxes. On the same-store front, our comparable POI metric of 3.8% is driven higher by term fees which boosted the result by 92 basis points but was offset by additional proactive releasing activity which produced a drag of 42 basis points. With respect to our former same-store metrics which we will provide for a couple of quarters for comparability, same-store with redev was 3.6% for the quarter and same-store without redev was 3.5%, very solid figures which highlights strength across the core portfolio. Now to put in context Dons earlier comments regarding lease termination fees, the integral part of Federal's business strategy. Over the past 10 years Federal has averaged roughly $5.5 million of term fees annually. Since 2000 term fees have average roughly 4.25 million annually while it does vary somewhat from year-to-year and quarter-to-quarter it is a consistent and recurring part of our business. We had a strong lease rollover number for the quarter 22% on over 400,000 square feet of leasing but not extended capital of just $18 per square foot roughly half of what we spent in 2017 on a per square foot basis. With prior rents of around $26 that represents $5.60 of positive rollover per square foot or $2.3 million of incremental rent windows leases start. Whoever as Don mentioned lets not get caught up in one quarters results. We expect lease rollover for the year to be consistent with the past two years activity in the low to mid teams and capitals have also normalized, but we expect to see consistency in our ability to push funds across our best-in-class portfolio. On the occupancy fronts, our overall leased and occupied figures were 94.8% and 93.3% respectively both metrics growing by 20 basis points relative to first quarter of 2017. While there was roughly 50 basis points of decline relative to year-end levels, that can be attributed to our proactive releasing activity, deleasing at our Sunset place and Grand Park assets, as well as some seasonal impact following the holidays and our remerchandising activity at the [indiscernible]. On a proactive releasing front, where we initiate vacancy downtime and downtime with the objective of creating long term value and an enhanced merchandizing mix across the portfolio. In addition to the large leases we have already disclosed such as the Anthropologie flagship [indiscernible], Bob's Discount at Les Sardines and Los Angeles, Target at Sam's Park & Shop in Washington DC and a couple of deals on Third Street Promenade in Santa Monica, we have added a TJ Maxx deal replacing two non-credit tenants at West Gate and Silicon Valley and [foreign to Cordele deal] in the Kmart bar in Greater Boston. So the list of value enhancing leases were produced down time and drag in our 2018 metrics and FFO per share and thats roughly $0.03 to $0.04 of drag on 2018 FFO but we will drive the long term value of our company by $50 million to $60 million net of capital. With respect to full year 2018 guidance, we are maintaining our range of $6.08 to $6.24 per share. There are no changes on our assumptions. Although with respect to our comparable POI metric, we should end up in the upper half of our 2% to 3% range given this quarter's outperformance. Now, onto the balance sheet. We entered 2018 extremely well positioned from a capital prospective and as a result there was not a significant amount of activity in the quarter. As John mentioned, we began closing on the condos under contract of Pike & Rose and Assembly Row in March and this has continued throughout April and into that. We raised $51 million by quarter end and roughly $100,000 in total year-to-date. As a result, at quarter end our net debt to EBITDA ratio improved from 5.9 times a year end to 5.7 times currently. This positive trend from leverage perspective should continue throughout the year as condos close and EBITDA ramps at Assembly Row, Pike & Rose. With respect to other credit metrics, our fixed charge coverage ratio improved from 3.9 times during the fourth quarter to 4.1 times for this first quarter. Our weighted average debt maturity remains in sector leading 11 years and our weighted average interest rate stands at 3.8% with nearly all of it fixed. As continued volatility in capital markets and arising interest rate land keep prevail, our A minus rated fortress balance sheet continues to position Federal to outperform in a challenging environment ahead. And with that operator, you can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Nick Yulico from UBS. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible] with Nick. Just thinking about the development pipeline between Assembly and Pike & Rose you are quickly winding down on over $600 million in development. Are future phases of those sites or other large development projects likely to be announced soon or are you expecting to your foot of the gas this year.
Don Wood: The cool thing about both of those projects is that there is sufficient critical mass there in terms of a place thats been developed. So let us be opportunistic and so certainly construction costs are up, certainly our use of capital and this time environment is one that we are more spending on effectively than what we had done before. And having said that, we got deals in terms of the ability to build the next phase of Pike & Rose, the ability to push out incremental profits or residential product in particular at Assembly that we are working through. So, if you can think about whats going on as cyclical to some extent, to a larger extent my point of view, the last time this happened 2008 and 2009 we did not take off the foot of the gas in terms of planning and being ready to go at all in terms of future phases or in that case the initial phases. We are doing the same thing now. So, we are developing our plans. We are working through drawings. We are working with contracts et cetera. So that we are already to pull the trigger when we feel like we got a project that works in terms of our cost of capital. So you can expect that all of that lead up work which is significant as you can imagine for those that type of building that is still ongoing depending upon where we are later on the year with, construction cost and G&P and that kind of stuff, as well as the rest of condo proceeds and some asset sales that Dan will talk about we may very well be - will announce the next phase of those projects.
Unidentified Analyst: And is there any update on fund side is there another vote in the work expansion?
Dan G.: You know were not spending a lot of time there. Yes, this is me speaking Chris, Ive kind of done those things for now. And you know the rest of our team is operating it, Chris Weilminster spending more time down there specifically for CocoWalk, but right now at Sunset, those guys doesnt want anything more, were big company we have plenty of other things to do. That sounds a little bit right yes it is.
Unidentified Analyst: Does that asset make sense to own if there is no redevelopment underway?
Dan G.: I am not sure. It certainly carries itself and we will continue to carry itself for the time being. But in terms of what we do long-term if there is not a bigger play, I am not really excited about. So well have to - well evaluate that but it's not a 2018 decision.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Schmidt from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Craig Schmidt: Don I was wondering if you give an update on Primestor?
Dan G.: Sure. In fact, I am looking for Jeff Berkes. Jeff Berkes want you an update on Primestor at this point.
Jeff Berkes: Primestor I would say is going as expected. We've been closed now for seven to eight months and the operating team have come together and replace functioning efficiently and those are priorities and pulling on the same order, pulling already to the same direction, however that saying goes. Were actively looking to make some new investments, definitely to talk about on that front yet. But were getting close and hopefully in the next quarter or two, we will be able to tell you something. So I think it as expected and going well. Portfolio is very well leased and as Don mentioned in his prepared remarks, we had a room I feel back - the former Walmart able to market space that will certainly and so happy how things are progressing with Primestor.
Dan G.: The other thing I would add to that, I have because I cannot help myself Craig is that with respect to the development that we mentioned in the past when I just said we hopefully will be there in the next quarter or two. But it has made its made its way through our investment committee and that improves at our investment committee level. So were ready to go to the extent there they are [indiscernible] with respect to the other specifics with the city.
Craig Schmidt: And then just a question on CocoWalk, are you essentially done with any zoning or municipality approvals that you need for that project?
Dan G.: Completely.
Operator: Our next question is from Christy McElroy from Citi. Your line is now open.
Christy McElroy: Just a following up on hotel opening taken room, you had a - I know in the Q about an associated loss in equity and income. Just wondering from a cash flow perspective, given your 80% equity interest, how should we thinking about the impact of this investment kind of coming online in March, since we had the rest of the year?
Don Wood: That impact in our financials was really just a preopening cost and the marketing cost where a 28 days of operation in the quarter. So clearly that was expected. Yes, we would expect some ramp-up in the hotel over the course of the year, clearly, but if the new hotel we dont expect a lot of contribution until later in the year with regards to our investment in the Canopy. But we are really pleased with the products and we're pleased with the opening thus far.
Christy McElroy: And then just related Don. In your shareholder letter, you highlighted that 17% was Federal, minimum range comes from residential and office tenants, not retail. You also highlighted the mixed use and the diversification of the income stream. I'm just wondering if you think of sort of where Federal could be five and ten years from now. And in context of your views on retail per capita shrinking in the U.S., how we should expect your mix and diversification to continue to change? So where could that 17% go? And you also highlight in your remark how the resi portfolio is growing. So everything coming online, presumably it goes up. Just wondering how much is acceleration?
Don Wood: First of all, it will accelerate or be a larger percentage - not a much larger percentage. And let me kind of get to why that all is. Obviously the point on making in there which I think is frankly the most important thing to think about is the diversity of any income stream. And the more diverse that income stream is, lower the lows if you will during an uncertain time. We are and should always be considered, as long as I'm here, a retail company. And if you think about it, the reason residential and office are an important part of our income stream yes, 17% is a real important part of our income stream. It's because we've created that environment with retails on the ground floor. And it's a really, really, really important thing to remember. And so, what we think are or the thing we do the best is figure out how to take a piece of land or a location and get lots of people to it on a regular basis. Then in places that can handle densification and intensification, the way to make money is up. And so up we go, and so the notion of that mixed use piece of the business which is 25% of our total business - and that 25% includes the retail and nothing else. That's about where that will be. It could go a little bit higher, but about like that. But just like last year, when we made a $350 million investment in Primestor which is all-retail and boxes in large measure that would bring that 17% down or did bring that percentage down. So it's balanced. We're growing and trying to use all of the arrows in our quiver, all the tool boxes, [indiscernible] is what we do. So you should think about I think the notion that this is a retail company through and through. Even in 2018 or 2020 or 2022, put that we know how to create place. And with place, comes the ability to maximize real estate value and maximizing real estate value means residential, on that property, means office on those properties. And as I said at the beginning, we believe thoroughly through and through those properties work on an immigrated basis. And so the idea, the value of Santana Row or Pike & Rose or Assembly Row is very, very much tied to the way those pieces work together. I hope that's helpful.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeremy Metz from BMO Capital Market. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Metz: You had a strong start to the year with a 3.8% comp NOI. You mentioned the benefit from the term fees, but you hold onto that 2% to 3% range. It sounds like you're pointing towards the high end now. How much of not formally changing the range at this point is just adding caution given the current retail environment. There's maybe more known items that could drag you back down in that 2% arena when it's all set and done. And then maybe as a follow on, can you comment on the demand you're seeing, and maybe break down the demand side a little bit in terms of traditional open a retailer, how much is maybe typically more and more retailers looking to enjoy some fresh air and maybe appetite from e-tailers to brick and mortar.
Don Wood: Look, it's May 3. It's May 3rd, and in a company, that does have a lot of parts of our business as Christy was just talking about. So we are bringing in - new product being developed. We do have an uncertain environment with respect to some extent, bankruptcies. But the biggest thing is we're not a commodity company. So there is a bunch going on. During the year, lots of thing that do affect capitalized interest. When you bring properties - when you bring up the big construction of profits into service, and that creates some uncertainty. So on May 3rd, we're going to keep the guns right where it is. It's not any particular known thing that's going to the other way which is specifically what you're asking I think. In the latter part of the year, it is a caution, but the caution is not sandbagging, the caution is a complicated business but a lot of stuff happened at this point. With respect to the second part of your question, I think there's nothing more interesting than looking at UNIQLO choosing Pike & Rose in terms of what retailers are trying to do and figure out, in terms of their future. Every one of these retailers is grappling with how many stores, what size the store should be, and most importantly, where they should be. And everyone of those retailers has a different business plan and what we are absolutely finding is that there is more certainty in 2018 versus 2017 in terms of what direction those retailers are choosing. What we don't know is, are they right and whether those plans will make sense in 2020 or 2022 or 2024. That has a landlord. All we can do or what we think is the most important thing to do is to create a place, create that environment that they could do the best business in. It starts with location, it includes place making, it sort of includes the other merchandising that's happening within the center. And that's where I think we have a big competitive advantage.
Jeremy Metz: I just have one follow on here on toys. I think you only have the one box, I know I think it's almost back filled or maybe you can talk about that, that existing store release. And then I think you had some adjacent unknown toys at various assets. So any color you can share there in terms of the process or - are you bidding on those and do you think you can shake some more fleet that could create potentially larger opportunities?
Don Wood: We did get control of the one that we do own in [indiscernible] which is great news. It's way under market, we've got demands, that'll be a good story when that's back on. That's the one that we own. The real interesting one to me is the box that we did not own, but as you said, was adjacent to East Bay Bridge which is a traditional power center. I mean, if you listen to the common dialog, it's a power center, there was Toys R' Us adjacent to it, how can that be a good thing. But that particular piece of land and the performance of that particular power center meant that the auction process that happened on toys are unboxed for which we did go through investor committee and approve a big number in terms of our ability to control that box. And by the way, that big number meant that we could have either backfilled it with another box retailer or it's a really good residential site. Given what's happening there, we bid aggressively. We and 14 others for that site, and at the end of the day, we lost it. We did not get it to a number that we could make sense with. So, supply and demand matters, and also issue really matters. And those are the two toy boxes that were in play. There is a third one in the Primestor portfolio that has not worked its way through the system yet and we're hanging around the hoop just to see how that plays out.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Donnelly from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Jeff Donnelly: I guess your competitors reported, I guess that they're weakening pricing in lower cap rate markets. Do you believe that to be the case and do you think maybe the 7 to 8 cap rate dispositions that are coming into market are providing a source of competition for retail capital?
Jeff Berkes: So kind of two thoughts on that question. First, for the high quality product, we really haven't seen pricing change. There hasn't been a tremendous number of trades but the trades that have happened have been priced very, very aggressively and we don't think cap rates are backed up at all from the high quality stuff. What has changed I think is how people define high quality. It used to be that if a shopping center has a grocery store and within a major metro area in the United States, it was considered high quality. And I think people are a little bit more discerning and a little bit wiser now and even want to see true brochure of quality asset or what we like to buy which is in still properties with a lot of people and income round of those assets and some definable go forward and line growth. So the definition of the quality has changed a little bit but what people are paying for quality hasnt changed at all. Second you get outside out that and its anybody guess. What the cap rate is going to be on an asset or whether the asset even going to trade, could be a six could be seven could be an eight, we are seeing a lot of deals just not happen right now because the buyers arent showing up. And my own personal view on that is the market whether its equity market or debt market to buy those centers is nervous that the values have bottomed yet and they are not defined. So interesting time, I think that answers your question but if not let me know.
Jeff Donnelly: Yes, it does and maybe just as follow-up to that, what is thinking you mentioned through grocer, I think thats for many, many years there was having a traditional grocer if you will ever since stop and shop however depending on the region of the country really defines that. I means whats been the reaction to sort of Walmart or Target with food or Trader Joe's and all the you mean are lenders or buyers viewing those as grocery anchor right now or is there still sort of chasm between traditional and maybe there sort of emerging types of food we get?
Jeff Berkes: Lenders are looking at it and we dont feel like secure debt so and Ill spend a lot of time talking to the life insurance or securitized communities to figure out what they think of those types of alternative grocery anchors if you like on that. I mean again in my view and this has been our view for a long time et cetera whats important is having the right grocer and the right trade area. So could that be and old deal leader or could that be Trader Joe's or small local chain or whole foods and non-traditional grocer absolutely. And yes as you look I am talking to Walmart and others putting more feed in the stores, absolutely that can take the place of the traditional grocer in certain trade areas. So I think it's very trade area specific but I do think the shine is off the traditional grocer drug anchored 125,000 square foot neighborhood somewhere.
Jeff Donnelly: You touched on this in a earlier question but just seems like last year there was just such a flood of daily announcements round sort of closures, this year if feels sort of like desert if you will by comparison. But there is still that overhang out by retailers. I am just curious as it relates to leasing have you guys see any change in the tenure of appetite releasing and specifically have you seen any sort of change in either resistance to sort of venture coding or seeking more TI or lease duration are going to like kick out, so I am just curious if that's most are evolved into different kind of lease negotiation may be then you had 12 months ago?
Jeff Berkes: I would say no Jeff not for 12 months ago, I would say absolutely yes over the last five years. And I am making a distinction there, I think importantly I think the notion that tenants want to pay less rent and have more control of their space through other things being a new concept is not true. Those negotiations are - have gone for a long time there is no question that over the last five years pushing harder on tenant improvement dollars themselves, pushing harder for terms that whether the kick outs whether they use restriction other things in the leases are absolutely negotiated hard as our rent. So I mentioned only one thing but I see such difference in places where we got leverage and places where we dont have leverage. And we have leverage its no difference you either want in or dont want in and places where youve only got one choice one day yes, they are going to get a whole lot more in terms of those deals. And so over the last 12 months what Id like about over last 12 months is I think as I said before tenants they picked a direction and not all of them but more of them certainly then a year ago have a picked a direction and here they go. This is what they are doing, this is what the plan is and thats a very positive thing. Now depending on the location and depending what is it that they want, who else wants the space there is youre going to have those negotiation points that you just mentioned, some would propel on somebody won't. But I dont think its a last 12 months thats changed - that changed that amount of leverage.
Jeff Donnelly: And may be just one last question Don, I think it was about a year ago you could talked about maybe the greater need for data as landlord in this business. Maybe the investments there or you kind of explored that further I am curious what you are thinking is?
Don Wood: And I do believe that, we have not made investments yet to this point. Were looking at some stuff hard and Im not sure that were looking at this point from an investment perspective as it is really trying to get a good look as to what of it matters. I mean there are a lot of - I am going to calling fly by night consulting firms and data firms affectively taking advantage or trying to take advantage just as you would or I would in a dislocated market and fearing with landlords who fear oh my gosh I have to have more data, I have to understand and were making good money consulting. But how much of that is actionable and how much of that is relevant today but not in six months because the technology is changing so quick, those are really open questions. And so what we are doing here is there is a task force here with upper companies that exclusive Jeff Berkes and some other folks. We are exploring and talking to companies to try to uncover really whether they have anything here that valuable or not and how do affectively play along. So thats where we are in the whole genesis and lifecycle of figuring out the best way to play in technology as opposed to jump in water with stuff that may not nearly be as valuable as being portrayed.
Operator: Our next question is from Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: Don can you talk about the average occupancy cost in your portfolio and how thats trended over time?
Don Wood: I can try Ki Bin, but one of the things about us is we dont have a lot of reporting in terms of sales reporting. So what I am going to say take with in that context roughly 30% of our tenants report sales and therefore allow us that really figure out what occupancy is with the data that makes sense. We also have very active property management group that tries to get that data so that we can accumulate that database and try to figure it out. And when you look and you see it our best guess, is that somewhere around 9%, 8.5%, 9.5% something like that but again it based on a whole of lot of limited data that number has trended up as we would expect. Over the past three years but were also doing it awful lot in changing out ports and its renew tenants and thats whole proactive leasing initiatives that we have been pushing like crazy over the past three years and so from that perspective, youll see it coming down a little bit but I am kind of working around the edges because they dont have good clean data but in trying to answer your question thats affectively what we believe overall in the portfolio.
Ki Bin Kim: I see and may be this is one even tougher then, so when you think about the leasing spreads on renewals that were out 20% in general are these retailer have been there for awhile and their sales have maybe increased over the life of lease. Have their occupancy cost dropped and when you renew it up 20%, you're bringing it back to like a portfolio average or is it more of a case where it goes above the portfolio average?
Don Wood: Look I get the point a 110%, think about this way first of all. This is not a commodity company, so if you were to look at the standard deviation around lease rolls up, lease rolls down things being flat its what. And so that's 22% dont expect 22% as the Dan has said as a run rate for this company, that 22% was a couple of deals in particular I mentioned them that we were real hard in with respect to old space that Kmart space since August has been under market for years and as a result, we finally were able to get that back and put the market rate tenants. So boom, rent was up 400% in that case. Thats always been the case with Federal, that continues to be the case with Federal, the other thing associated with that as you kind of think of tenant sale is you do, you do have a mix of tenants thats all over the place in terms of occupancy cost for restaurant versus occupancy cost for furniture store or growth, so we did, its very wide and going back to Christys question in terms of the diversity of our income stream that makes it even, even harder to kind of put us in the same place as others. Overall, were running individuals places and locations where were constantly trying to change out tenants to get best-in-class. And so as a result, if I had perfect information you would see occupancy cost ratios going up, going down, going up, going down that would be relatively volatile overall I dont have that information but thats how were running the business. So its certainly not direct answer but its directionally how it is that were doing.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Santos from Sandler ONeil. Your line is now open.
Daniel Santos: I was wondering if you could talk a bit about acquisitions, as youre looking at new deals, has your underwriting changed and what your focus unchanged over the years given the changing environment?
Don Wood: Daniel its good to talk to you, I cant imagine Alex not being on the call, Im very disappointed and you can tell him that.
Jeff Berkes: Its harder now to find a deal from underwriters deals appropriately certainly then were because were on the market real time, leasing space, operating centers and were in relatively few markets and understand the markets were in well. That diligence if you will is constantly evolving and to make sure weve made investments and we find assets where we can create value. So yes, there is nothing static if you will about the way we underwrite it or look at any of our investments. So I dont know if that answers your question but something that is constantly evolving here.
Daniel Santos: And I just wondering on Pike & Rose and Assembly Row if you guys had a guess where you would be on the retail leasing front in the holiday season this year, what would you say?
Dan G.: Well, I think in both cases we will be nearly fully leased, we wont be fully open and so thats the difference, the build-out, so I was just looking at this morning as it related to couple of new deals that we did at Pike & Rose and there is a couple of concepts that were doing that are really cool but they wont be open until the spring of 2019. So when you think about really Pike & Rose being a real fully opened experience in terms of the street, were talking of 15 months from now or 18 months from now something like that but the leases, the commitments if you will be certainly done by the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Mueller from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Mike Mueller: I was wondering when you look at the redevelopment pipeline and think about the mix of spend over the next five years or so coming from Assembly, Pike & Rose, Santana in that bucket versus the other catch all buckets, I mean do you anticipate the things similar to what its been or will that mix change?
Dan G.: I do Mike and let me talk about that in a couple of ways, first of all the redevelopment of our core shopping center is such an important part in this business. The initial yields are usually better, obviously the risk is lower, its the established places that were adding and but its very hard to put 100s of millions of dollars in any period of time to work on that, it doesnt work like that, there is smaller projects but in an important part. In terms of the bigger projects, there is - I got a lid of $1 billion of just went through with the board of capital that could be deployed over the next three years in primary the big projects including Coco including Santana et cetera, as well as Pike & Rose and Assembly but whether we deploy that or not goes back to the first quarter Mike if that was asked and that its going to be, can we understand our cost to capital, can we get construction cost online to get comfortable with the rents that will get in that projects that makes some sense, can we get the appropriate counting assistance in the case of Pike & Rose, I dont know yet. But were going to be ready to go to the extent the answers to that yes and depending on asset sales in other ways capitalizing.
Mike Mueller: And then switching gears for second on the Primestor portfolio, is there a any notable differences that you're seeing in terms of lease spreads, NOI growth or mark-to-market versus your other comparable assets that on the coast.
Don Wood: I want to just thinking about them will give you an answer. I got a pretty strong view on this and there is no question that while the Primestor assets, don't look or feel the same way as Third Street Promenade or even Escondido Shopping Center or Plaza El Segundo, they act similarly and the reason they act similarly is because demand exceeds supply and so thats a gain that's what's necessary here, so I don't know Jeff if you can. I don't see when we look at the numbers of the renewals, when we look at new releases they just the case of big box that we just saw like from Bob's for Wal-Mart. They're similar things that happen in our portfolio and so a more high profile asset like Third Street Promenade has been deliver in that way for 20 years frankly for us. There and continues to keep giving, so we obviously don't have that level of history and understanding of the price of our assets over that longer term but today I don't see the remarkable difference personally I don't know Jeff you want to answer that?
Jeff Berkes: No, I don't either and I think it's a good question and ask as in the year or two again we've only been in the portfolio for a few months there has not been a tremendous amount of space the reviews the ways. What we have done is generally been in line with what we underwrote with the exception of the Les Sardines deal which was significantly accessible we under wrote. So it's just not enough because three for me to give you really going to answer that question but its general in line with everything else in our portfolio in California?
Operator: Our next question is from Floris van Dijkum from Boenning. Your line is now open.
Floris van Dijkum: Don you made a comment a little bit earlier you alluded to some asset sales and then suggested that Dan was going to gets some more detail but Im curious what you had meant by that?
Don Wood: Floris it's funny. I do that a lot and then Dan doesnt give more detail I don't know let's see if you can hold on for good.
Dan G.: So what was the question for us?
Floris van Dijkum: Well, if I try to get a sense of any planned asset sales I guess and if you guys can get some color.
Dan G.: Look we got a and I've talked about this with folks before, we got a pool from an asset sale perspective of high tax basis, tax efficient assets that we can sell and is roughly around call the $0.5 billion or more. And we feel so we can be very opportunistic with regards to getting into the market and taking advantage of strength in the investment sales market where its strong. But that's just one arrow in the quiver that we have from a capital perspective and I would expect us to kind of fund our business going forward with, as Don like to call them from in technical terms of a little bit of this from a little bit of that from a capital perspective. We generate that $70 million to $80 million annually of free cash flow as the dividends and maintenance capital that we can redeploy into the business. We've got this pool of $0.5 billion plus of assets that we can sell on reasonable tax efficient basis. Look we already closed $100 million of condos sitting here in the last two months, very, very cash efficiently and probably have another $50 million more to sell over the balance of the year and into 2019. We have A minus rated balance sheet, that gives us the flexibility on a move forward basis, we will operate in our - within the metrics of A minus rated balance sheet but its a balance sheet that has tremendous capacity. Plus were getting a lot of reverse increase from institutions who want to partner with us and we will explore that and if it makes sense we will go there but I think weve got multiple areas where we can fund the business on a go forward basis and I think thats what I talked about in terms of having a balance sheet that is positioned for us to continue our growth plans over the next two to three to five years without kind of over the lines on common stock.
Don Wood: Maybe Floris, the only thing I would add to that, I do pay I like the point on raising $100 million so far with condos cant be overlook, its been really important, 35 more of that to go this year, the rest in the next year thats great tax efficient fully usable in terms of proceeds money and $0.5 billion that Dan talked about in terms of the overall fed up assets that we could sell tax efficiently if we wanted to, we have identified about $75 million of that, so we would expect to have on the market by the end of June or early July something along that and therefore see readily a lease closed at $75 million by the end of the year. So when you look at that, thats $200 million plus in 2018 of proceeds through selling assets, very tax efficient.
Floris van Dijkum: One other question I have for you guys, Don you mentioned I believe that refresh me on the fact but your Santana Row apartment NOI growth has averaged something like 4% over the last 15 years, Im curious to see how does that compare to your retail NOI growth there and curious to see if you think something obviously youre thinking that youre going to do something similar, Assembly and Pike & Rose but is that achievable as we look forward?
Don Wood: Floris, I love the question, its really cool into that really and were one of the only that has some real history on what happens with next years projects and its facet, I dont know if you remember or not, I certainly do, the Santana Row could not have started out and even in terms of the apartments and terms of the rent growth that way. But when you look at what happens as that place is established and if I come the place to hang out, I mean we were doing by the end sorry not by the end but even in the last phase of Santana Row is was adding in residential products that we would not have thought of before because we havent figure out a way that add a product that got in there under $2000 a month and that product was very small work with spaces in the back of the garage that we had that sold out. So that is about 4% effectively has come from over that period of time. On the retail, the retail like retail everywhere does particularly well in strong economic periods of time and today our retail growth at Santana Row is slower than its been before because its retail today. Having the ability to exploit the place sold up in terms of residential product like that is a real advantage, it is only the retail youre going to move up with up and down with the retail market but having the incremental uses that exploit that retail place is really special. Over the 15 years, the retail number on a compounded annual growth basis at Santana Row is also close to 4%, 3.5%, 3.7% something like that but a bit more volatile.
Operator: Your next question is from Haendel St. Juste from Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Haendel St. Juste: So question for you, a couple here quickly. Curious on your view on converting potentially converting some deal space to create of office space certainly seems to be I think were hearing more of these days how relevant perhaps how attracted of an opportunity, do you view that for your portfolio.
Don Wood: Yes, I love that question. The one thing that the question is it being done defensively or offensively and I make that distinction because it's really important. When you're saying gosh I have a place that doesn't have any more retail demand for whatever reasons they are and so maybe let me convert it to some type of trade office space and the results aren't great but they're better than they would be zero for retail any longer. I mean assets defend to move and that happens it's not a bad thing, it's better than the alternative what we're focused on is the offensive side of it, so when you take a CocoWalk which is a multi level retail property with an absent some but there of office products a office product in the marketplace and the marketplace is one that's filled with, it well to do people that are sick and tired of driving in their carts in Miami because of the traffic, now you have an office of situation and so converting that retail product from all retail basically to have retail and have office. I mean we'll see we don't have the sign deals yet but the demand on that office side is powerful and so I don't think like anything in real estate I think it's, I don't think it's a trend as much as it is a parse you need to parse the opportunities between offensive and defensive we are in a couple of places called one being the most obvious looking at it from that offensive expansion.
Haendel St. Juste: And sort of an earlier question looks like just looking at reading pipeline here the next three, four years you need to find a billion ish, billion plus. Sounds like asset sales are now part of the consideration and JV Capital that was certainly the crux of my question, so I guess I'm curious is if you look at the potential JV interest, what type of cap rates you think you could fetch should use partial interest?
Don Wood: Let me stop, let me reset your premise, if you dont mind. The idea of how to fund development or redevelopment I think or acquisitions capital use is something that we're really proud of not having only one alternative and so the reality is it would probably be if I were betting on this you'll probably see a little bit of everything, so you'll probably see more debt that gets issued you'll see a bit more asset sales as we just went through. We will absolutely look at and understand the JV market for certain assets. I don't really want to weve done I think a very good job of not doing joint ventures, not complicating this company for fund raising purposes but we do a joint venture it's for strategic purposes. It's because the Primestor folks are bring something strategically, the most important thing strategically to the deal that won't change. I don't think you should look at JVs in this company as oh that's how we're going to raise the money to do something. I think you should look at it, it's strategically does something important for us. And so that will be a component there could be a components thats - so if you can think about this on a more balanced approach to that $1 billion again and then on the other side is it a billion or is it $0.5 billion that some project to make, some projects wont make that way. All of these things are happening together and I think if you look at our path for how we try to stop to execute that balance, you'll see that we don't go all in on any one time.
Haendel St. Juste: And one last one its the question on Primestor and maybe it's not a fair question asked but I'm going to try anyway. I'm wondering if the change in let's call it the political climate is impacting how you're thinking about your Primestor JV in potential future investments. I was probably surprised to hear that there doesn't seem to have been any impact to sales and traffic given the demographics of the neighborhoods involved here but curious how the political climate is playing a role in your thinking about, the underwriting of future investments on the JV.
Don Wood: Yes, and first of all nothing wrong with that question and its certainly something that if you had a spy and ICSE last year when we were in the final negotiations you would have seen Dan Guglielmone and myself outside of the nascent top-dog place on the phone with Berkes and some other people saying, what do you think political climate going to do to the demand on. So those assets over the long-term and the boats and everything else, and so its a real good question and we without question after going through at all after trying to understand that the retailers points of view of their understanding looking at the empirical fact in terms of the sales and what it happened over the previous couple of years that way and also very much being completely supportive of the most diverse population that we can have, we think its a positive thing in so many ways over the long-term the idea of being a major player in California and not participating in the Latino community seems like we are taking one hand and tying it behind our back with respect to it failing our business and seeing the opportunities we had. Its now a year later we are, and I am now speaking for me and I am looking at Jeff see if hes going to agree with me or not. I am 110% committed in the same way that we were before and over the long-term I just dont know how in the world you can ignore 50% of the population in Los Angeles count.
Operator: Thank you. At this time I am showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over Leah Brady for closing remarks.
Leah Brady: Thanks everyone for joining us today. We will look forward to seeing many of you at May REIT in a couple of weeks. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-14 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Leah Andress  Head-Corporate Capital Markets Don Wood  Chief Executive Officer Dan G.  Chief Financial Officer Jeff Berkes  Executive Vice President, President, West Coast Chris Weilminster  Executive Vice President, President-Mixed-Use
Analysts: Craig Schmidt  Bank of America Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O'Neill Christy McElroy  Citi Jeremy Metz  BMO Capital Markets Mike Mueller  JPMorgan Jeff Donnelly  Wells Fargo Nick Yulico  UBS George Hoglund  Jefferies Collin Mings  Raymond James Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank Floris van Dijkum  Boenning Samir Khanal  Evercore
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Federal Realty Investment Trust's Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Leah Andress. Please go ahead.
Leah Andress: Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G., Dawn Becker, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may be affect our financial condition and results of operations. These documents are available on our website. Given the number of participants on the call, we kindly ask that you limit your questions to one or two per person during the Q&A portion of our call. If you have additional questions, please feel free to jump back in the queue. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our fourth quarter and year-end 2017 results. Don?
Don Wood: Thanks, Leah. Good morning, everyone. A good quarter and, in fact, another good year for us, between meeting or beating estimates with fourth quarter FFO per share of $1.47 and $5.91 for the full year, 4.6% growth over 2016. To strong residential leasing progress with the new phases of both Pike & Rose and Assembly Row, not to mention Santana Row and Bethesda Row, further validating the relevance of our mixed-use product nationwide and our broader real estate capabilities. To strong comparable lease rollover rates throughout the portfolio of 15% for the quarter and 13% for the year; to further fortification of one of the strongest balance sheets among any REIT; to another timely and opportunistic debt refinancing and small but carefully executed equity issuance, which, by the way, significantly derisked our development pipeline, this company continues to face head on the challenges to retail-based real estate with more arrows in our quiver than most and a clear vision for the future. We're not playing defense, we're on offense and we're moving the ball aggressively. Consider for a moment that by reporting FFO per share this year of $5.91, or even $5.74 when including the opportunistic cost of retiring our 5.9% notes due in 2020, we remain the only publicly traded shopping center company to grow FFO, by NAREIT's definition, each and every year since the beginning of this retail cycle in 2010, the only one. In fact, we've grown NAREIT-defined FFO per share 48% over that period, even with last month's debt extinguishment charge. The consistency in which this company grows bottom line earnings truly sets us apart, no excuses, no exclusions, no reorganizations, no defensive dilutive asset repositionings, no recapitalizations, just consistent growth. And we don't expect that to change in 2018, as Dan G. will go over in a few minutes. Hard for me to believe that history and track record don't matter in predicting the future. All right, back to the quarter. Leasing in the fourth quarter was again strong at 15% rollover growth and remarkably consistent all year. Consider that on over 1.6 million square feet in comparable deals done in 2017, which, by the way, was 10% more than we did in 2016. Rollover growth was 11% in the first quarter, 13% in the second quarter, 14% in the third quarter and as I said, 15% in the fourth. And tenant improvement dollars stayed relatively stable and under control. Deals included TJX's HomeGoods concept at our Brick Plaza redevelopment, Marshalls' renewal at newly redeveloped Northeast shopping center and a new urban-format Target deal at Sam's Park & Shop in D.C. Deals at redeveloped or remerchandised shopping centers clearly more than paved themselves in densely populated areas, and here again, our cost of capital advantage makes the underlying value creation even higher. Occupancy gains in the fourth quarter continued that trend that we've seen all year. Our overall portfolio lease rate of 95.3% was higher than both our 94.7% lease rate at September 30 and 94.4% last year at this time. Of course, our total portfolio occupied rate at 93.9% suggests that there are 140 basis points of leasing that's been done, if not yet paying rent, certainly a positive for 2018. Okay. On the development side, a couple of noteworthy advances. You might have seen in our press release last week that in the fourth quarter, we've signed a deal with Japanese apparel retailer, UNIQLO, with their first location in Maryland will be at Pike & Rose opening in the fall. That's significant because UNIQLO is international in scope and has largely selected productive malls as their real estate of choice. Our mixed-use alternative was clearly more attractive to them and, to me, signals another hurdle that we've met in putting together an attractive and sustainable long-term neighborhood and place for shopping, living, working and playing. We still got more to do on the retail leasing side. We're 91% leased or under LOI, but getting deals over the finish line is arduous, but we're getting there. And the residential leasing momentum at Henri, our latest apartment building at Pike & Rose, along with a 97% occupancy stability at PerSei and Pallas, make it pretty clear that the long-term growth prospects of neighborhood like these are very much intact. More than two thirds of the market-rate units are already under lease at Henri at rents that meet expectations with lease-up pace that exceeds expectations. In addition, 54 of the 99 condominiums above the Canopy Hotel, which will open shortly, are under contract. Similarly, at Assembly Row, we've signed a very significant deal with Polo for a 10,000 square foot outlet store in the base of the hotel condo building in Phase 2. The deal was particularly significant because we couldn't get Polo to come into the project in the first phase because of the unproven nature of the urban outlet mixed-use model, product types that we pioneered. The success of the first phase at Assembly got them over the hump. As with Pike & Rose, we still got more wood to chop on the retail leasing side. We're 77% leased or under LOI, but again, we're getting there and the environment and place are second to none. Residential lease-up of the 447-unit Montaje residential building is strong, with over 190 units already leased at rents which exceed expectations, and we expect to close on all 107 market-rate condominiums in just a few months, which will raise over $80 million. The dilutive impact during lease-up from these two residential projects totaled about $0.02 per share in the fourth quarter as expected. The value created above cost at those two buildings alone in the next two years is estimated at nearly $100 million. At both Pike & Rose and Assembly Row, we're evaluating and working through the next phases as we speak. Our mixed-use development capability, particularly when paired with our demonstrated cost of capital, is a true competitive advantage. Now on the West Coast, the fourth quarter was the first full quarter in which we operated on an integrated basis with Primestor, a Los Angeles partner specializing in shopping destinations serving the Latino customer. It's an important additional arrow in our quiver going forward, and actual results in the fourth quarter exceeded our acquisition underwriting, a good start. That start continued into the first quarter this year when we signed a lease for the only vacant box in the Primestor portfolio months ahead of our expectation, a vacant Walmart grocer replaced by Bob's Furniture at more than double the Walmart rent. We had underwritten a much smaller bump in rent. It's hard not to see the Primestor joint venture as a competitive advantage for us. The end of the street at Santana Row looks a lot different these days as our office development is fully out of the ground, remaining on budget and on time for delivery in 2019. Now we've got to get it leased, and initial interest has been encouraging as we fully engage the community and capitalize on the attractive amenity-rich environment that office users in Silicon Valley and nationally are demanding. The initial positive experience at Santana Row that Splunk employees and Splunk management have been sharing in the community is particularly encouraging and helpful to our process. And finally, I'd like to hammer home the philosophy in which we're making real estate decisions these days because it puts our entire business plan in context. The retail real estate-based companies, who will not only survive but thrive in the years to come, were those who have positioned themselves to this point for their assets to be the real estate of choice for the widest possible selection of tenants, not a narrow, limiting business plan but a broader, wider funnel in select markets. It seems to us that in order to best position ourselves for that outcome, there are three important considerations. First, location matters more today than it ever has, it seems obvious to us. Two, assets need to be in flexible formats that can be improved upon through profitable reinvestment. And that's a big one because on many retail-based properties in the United States, the new revenue numbers that will be generated after redevelopment just aren't enough to justify that investment. And third, truly enhancing the experience. The placemaking, the tenant lineup and the customer services at those places is both critical and harder than it sounds. Creating that environment is a lot more than just going down a cool things to do checklist. So that's it. Everything that this company is doing today, even if it moderates growth in the short term, is meant to be able to act on this necessary long-term philosophy. The fact that we're doing it while still growing current earnings and cash flow at the same time, as we have throughout this entire cycle starting in 2010, is a true testament to the quality of our real estate and our team's vision and the execution competencies of that vision. Now let me turn it over to Dan to talk about the year before opening up the line to your questions.
Dan G.: Thank you, Don and Leah, and hello, everyone. We are really pleased with our results of FFO per share of $1.47 and $5.91 for the fourth quarter and full year, respectively, slightly ahead of our expectations on both measures and ahead of consensus for the quarter. The numbers in the fourth were driven by higher NOI, primarily due to higher percentage rent and less impact from tailing tenants, offset by higher G&A due to year-end compensation adjustments and costs associated with our planned accounting and IT platform upgrade. On the same storefront, our quarter came in at 2.6% for same-store with redev. Our new comparable POI metric came in at 1.7%. These results were impacted by a negative comp on term fees as well as the negative short-term impact of value-creating, proactive re-leasing initiatives, which produced a combined drag of 60 basis points. For the year, our same-store with redev metric came in ahead of guidance at 3.4%. Calculating this metric using a simple average of all four quarters, a more representative measure of the year, same-store growth was 3.8%. Don touched upon our progress in the leasing front, but let me provide some additional color. Our lease percentage at year-end is 95.3%, up a full 90 basis points over year-end 2016. And our occupied rate increased to 93.9%, 60 basis points over year-end 2016. The gains over the course of 2017 can largely be attributed to the significant progress we've made on the anchor leasing front where our anchor lease percentage is back to a more normalized level of 98%. With respect to 2018 FFO guidance, we are formally providing an estimate range of $6.08 to $6.24 per share, affirming our preliminary guidance midpoint of $6.16. This 4%-plus FFO per share growth positions us at the upper end of our peer group again. This guidance assumes the following: first, capital spend on development and redevelopment of $250 million to $300 million for the year, which effectively has been prefunded; closing on the sale of up to $150 million of condos at Assembly and Pike & Rose, the gains associated here will not impact FFO. We forecast to refinance our $275 million term loan in the fourth quarter of 2018, although please note, we have the flexibility to extend this loan to November of 2019. We will continue our value-creating, proactive re-leasing activity in 2018, with leases already executed such as Anthropologie replacing Barnes & Noble at Bethesda Row; Target replacing Petco at Sam's Park & Shop in D.C.; and Muji on Third Street Promenade replacing Abercrombie, along with a few others. This activity will weigh on results in 2018, creating $0.03 to $0.04 dilution on FFO and roughly 50 basis points of drag from a comparable POI perspective. But it will also drive growth and value creation of $50 million to $60 million once stabilized. Please note, this activity will put some pressure on occupancy during the year due to downtime, although not leased percentages as the leases are already executed. As is our custom, this guidance assumes no acquisitions. With respect to G&A, we forecast roughly $36 million in 2018 or about $9 million per quarter. This reflects the additional costs associated with the upgrade of our accounting and IT platform. And with respect to same-store, our estimate of comparable POI growth, our new metric introduced in the third quarter, it is affirmed at 2% to 3%. And as a result, we project total property operating income will grow in the 5% to 7% range in 2018 relative to 2017.  Now on to the balance sheet. We continued to be opportunistic during the fourth quarter, further derisking our best-in-class balance sheet. First, with a $175 million reopening of our benchmark 10-year notes due 2027. This decision came in advance of the expected mid-December Fed rate hike and the anticipated passage of tax reform, where there a lock-in, a 3.32% rate at a record 10-year spread for Federal, of 97 basis points. We used the proceeds to redeem our 5.9% notes due in early 2020. And note, we did take the $12.3 million charge due to the early redemption, which was recognized in the fourth quarter. With the 10-year treasury up roughly 50 basis points in the last 60 days, this decision looks like a prudent one, at least so far. Second, we were also able to tap our ATM program during the quarter to efficiently issue $66 million of common equity at a weighted average price of $132 per share. This opportunistic activity has set off our A minus rated balance sheet to be extremely well positioned heading into 2018. As we have prefunded our capital plan over the course of 2016 and 2017 at an extremely attractive cost, we effectively have no need to raise incremental capital in 2018. Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio stands at a modestly elevated 5.8 times and is poised to decrease into the 5 to 5.5 times range over the course of the year as executed leases commence and as we reduce leverage through condo sales, 75% of which are under contract. Our fixed-charge coverage ratio had a four times run rate for 2017, and we expect that four times coverage to remain there for 2018. Our weighted average debt maturity has been extended to a sector-leading 11-plus years. And we reduced our weighted average interest rate to 3.8%, with 99% of that balance sheet fixed. Despite the disruption in the equity markets and the rising interest rates, the strength of our best-in-class capital structure positions us to continue to significantly differentiate Federal as we move forward in a challenging retail and capital market landscape. And with that, operator, you can turn the line over for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Craig Schmidt: Yeah, thank you. I was wondering how much reserve is being attributed to Ascena. I know you have 33 stores, and I guess we're expecting them to not spook the restructureds and the store closings to spring. So if you could comment what you see the bad debt might be from Ascena.
Dan G.: With regards to Ascena, we factored in, we have 33 locations. We, in our conversations with them, expect to rationally kind of shrink our store footprint with them over the next 12 to 24 months. I don't think we can kind of specify a specific number with regards to how much bad debt or cushion we have. We've kind of looked at space by space, but I don't have that number for you.
Don Wood: The only thing I would say to you, Craig, the only thing I would add to that is we got pretty comfortable with  when we laid out the guidance that we laid out, making sure that we were not overly conservative at all but certainly looking at tenants like Ascena and making sure that other than something much more catastrophic than we expect that we're covered.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. Great. And then I just wondered if same-store NOI and FFO growth by quarter will be back-end loaded as you start to bring on some of the Assembly and Pike & Rose stuff.
Dan G.: Yes, no. Certainly, with FFO, in 2018, it should be back-end loaded towards the third and fourth quarter as we accelerate FFO in bringing online the benefits of Assembly and Pike & Rose. It's a little tougher to say whether or not we'll see that cadence with regards to same-store. Obviously, Assembly and Pike & Rose Phase 2s are not in the same-store portfolio, so it's a little tougher to kind of describe that cadence over the course of the year.
Don Wood: Don't get too carried away with the back-loaded stuff, though. There's a lot of things we're doing for the future, et cetera, that will go both ways. So a little bit back loaded, but don't overweigh too much.
Craig Schmidt: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is now open.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning. So just two questions here. First, Dan, you said that the G&A guidance for this year is $36 million, which is  yes, yes, for 2018, which is flat with this past year. On other REITs, we've heard a lot about payroll pressure, increased wages. And just sort of curious, how are you guys able to maintain sort of flat G&A? And obviously, I'm not sure what you've embedded for growth in payroll at the property level, but how are you guys tackling this because it seems to be a growing issue across the different REITs as they reported this season?
Dan G.: Alex, it's a great question. I mean, there's no question that we're in a period of time that is less predictable than it's been in the past. And so we're certainly more conservative on G&A. You'll certainly see it within the officers. There were basically no ratings given to Vice Presidents and above with only a couple of exceptions. This year, we're very conscious of it. We run a tight ship just like we did in 2008 and 2009 because you don't know. And times where we're not putting up the growth that I'd like us to put up, we're going to get tight on that. And the average executive at this company has been here something like 15 or 17 years, something like that. And so we understand their cycles. And sometimes you're tight, sometimes you're less tight. And that's just part of the DNA in this company. The real estate business in total, it's nothing more than that but straight out honesty.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second question, Don, is you guys are  have sold off basically in line with peers despite your track record. Obviously, the year-to-date doesn't disrupt against them that you would have. But at what point would your depressed stock prices start to affect how you plan new projects or view in terms of make you reconsider what you think is the best way to create value at Federal?
Don Wood: Yes, Alex, there's no question, I'd be straight out lying to you if I didn't say a dip down to the values that we're in  at right now. If they're sustainable, it doesn't have an impact on our capital allocation. I would hope you would want us to become more disciplined, and basically, it raises the bar on those type of capital allocation decisions. So the cool thing about the business plan, I'm really just thrilled by this, is that as we're finishing Phase 2s of both Pike & Rose and Assembly, as we're underground with the construction of 700 Santana Row, we have funded those capital needs before, as Dan had said. That's really important. And coupled with mostly sold condominiums or under contract condominiums that will be sold this year, as Dan said, we have very little capital needs in 2018 and 2019. Now that's important because as we look at incremental phases, as we're doing really hard now with existing projects or new things that we want to do, they're being put through a lens of this current capital on environment, they should be put through a lens of that. Now the good news is the  what is  what seems to me very clear is that we're creating a lot of value with the mixed-use portfolio, but in particular, the redevelopment portfolio within the basic shopping centers. And you can see that leasing and you can see where occupancy is and all that. So those levels of clear value creation, they're not going to be impacted by where we are in a significant way. But sit back, put that through the microscope of cost of capital and every incremental phase, and yes, we're going to be tighter on it.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, thank you, Don.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi.
Christy McElroy: Hey, good morning. Just to quickly follow-up on Alex's question. Just beyond the current capital plan, you've used your balance sheet in the past to be opportunistic on acquisitions as well. I'm just thinking of the Primestor deal last year. In sort of this higher cost of equity capital world, how do you approach any potential acquisition opportunities that might come your way?
Don Wood: Christy, with a sharper eye. Now I don't know whether this will  we'll see what happens with cap rates out there in terms of all properties. We know what's going to happen with those cap rates on lessor properties. It feels a little bit like when we looked at what was happening the last time in this location that there would be some great buys for us to find, and we didn't find a lot because the good stuff just doesn't back up in terms of cap rate or very much at all. And so I don't know that we're going see much of it. We'll see. We're on it all day long. The Primestor quiver, I do  I know you, in particular, had been through the property, so you kind of know what it is that we're doing there. And now seeing the results effectively exceed what we had hoped, and as I think I mentioned last time, there's a potential small development that is still being worked its way through the funnel there. We're hopeful that, that is  that will be an important part of the next 10 years of growth for the company.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then just at Bethesda Row, it looks like in the K, it looks like in late December, you sold a land parcel. Just wondering that was really the two. And then with Anthropologie replacing Barnes & Noble there, just give maybe your thoughts around this new larger concept for them, how something like this fits with urban and other retailers and sort of how they are thinking about brick-and-mortar concepts going forward.
Don Wood: Yes. Let's  I'm going to let Chris do the  let him to do the Anthropologie conversation. The small parcel was what we call the [indiscernible] parcel. It's across the street, was very small. We really couldn't figure out how to make a value-accretive deal on that parcel. And so we were able to sell it effectively back to the county, right? On that, to the county at what was a very  in our point of view, a very fair number. So that's all that was. And with Anthro?
Chris Weilminster: And with Anthropologie, Christy, what got us excited about the concept is that in this new large format, Anthropologie is putting many of their brands and other things under the same roof. So if you think about taking three people to frame, the Anthropologie product, the whole furniture line, cosmetics, a large shoe department that brings in other produce shoes, so they're not all vertically branded by urban, all of those things under one roof, to us, very much became a department store of the future. We thought that, that really resonated with all the soft goods that we've added over the years on the business ads. So we were thrilled to have that opportunity and also thrilled with the backfill of bringing the bookstore back into the project.
Don Wood: The other thing that  just to mention to that, Christy, is it's one of the biggest reasons that proactively  I mean, we took Barnes out of there, Barnes & Noble in that corner, and we stood in front of that with you a lot of times over the years. It's iconic there, but the three-storey Barnes & Noble is not the future, and it's pretty clear. And so we proactively  not kicked them out, but they left, and they would have been happy to stay. In order to get this new concept theme for Anthro, that's going to be a ton of downtime and a ton of loss rent in 2018. But so what? The value being created by the new lease is significant.
Christy McElroy: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Metz: Hey good morning. Don, you mentioned the challenges getting some of the leases over the finish line. As you look to bring in tenants for some of these larger boxes you've taken back or even the bigger mixed-use projects, wondering if you could talk about how tenants are evolving and thinking about profitability differently, and therefore, what sort of rents they can pay versus the old occupancy cost model?
Don Wood: Yes, and it's a very good question, Jeremy. I mean, first of all, you have to see  I think it's evident in the numbers, certainly evident in the occupancy stats, we have done a ton of anchor leasing over the past 18, 27 months. And you can see it, some of it's paying already, some of it will be paying in 2018, more in 2019 along the way. If you were to ask me, one thing is different about February where we are here in 2018 versus February 2017, it would seem to me that more  that in February 2017, last year, at this time, fewer retailers really had their idea of how they were going to handle the future, and today, much more  many more of them do, and that's what's been happening over the last 12 months. Within that notion, and we're seeing it everywhere, they will  absolutely we can get good deals, good economic deals that add value to both the property and to the rest of the tenancy in the center on filling those boxes for most of them. You just saw what we're talking about in Bethesda. Now some of the challenges in the future will be those second-floor boxes that made sense  Burlington is a good example. Those boxes that made sense in the olden days that make no sense today. And we had a couple of those, not a lot, but we have a couple of those. Those are the things that will be challenging to effectively be able to accretively add value to the shopping center. So there really is a tale of two cities in terms of the ability to do that. I think if you look at the amount of leasing that's been done and where it's been done, it kind of gives you  where it's been done accretively, the value kind of gives you the answer. Is there capital that goes into those deals? Absolutely. Is there so much capital that the deal doesn't make sense? No. And so we can still make good deals, not as easy as they were, that's for sure, but still good deals.
Jeremy Metz: Great. And then a question for Dan. You mentioned Q4 came in slightly ahead of expectations. So in terms of the guidance, is it just some of the additional re-leasing you talked about in your opening remarks that's changed since the last call that you kind of took the top end of the preliminary range? You previously provided the 6.26% off. And then, Don, you talked about capital allocation decisions and those possibly changing given where the stock is. I think guidance you were doing called for, call it, $50 million in noncore sales. So is there any thinking about increasing asset sales at all? Or is it just too early to make that kind of decision?
Don Wood: Let me get to the last piece, and then  since I remember it, then Dan can take the first piece. Yes, we absolutely look at increasing asset sales to the extent it makes sense. One of the things I wonder about, I don't know, it's not worry but it's wonder, is everybody is talking about asset sales. So is there enough capital out there? Who is buying that stuff? How are they financing it, et cetera? How much is too much on the marketplace? So it's nice to be in a position where we don't have to, but if we have an opportunistic way to move a couple or a few of the assets that we own, we will do that. Remember, we have a tax issue, and on almost every asset here, we have a tax basis that is lower, in most cases significantly lower than the value. So we have to figure that in. But yes, we would open up our bag of tricks, if you will, to consider incremental dispositions.
Dan G.: And then with respect to the fourth quarter coming in better than we had expected, clearly, we felt very, very good about the 4.4% kind of exceeded our expectations for the year. And that was because the 2.6% came in ahead of kind of where we expected going into the quarter. As we head into 2018 in guidance, I would not look into  too much in terms of us tightening the range in any way. We just felt as though  coming through a very rigorous budgeting and forecasting process through the fourth quarter, we felt as though we owe you guys a little bit more precision with regards to our range of FFO. We kept the midpoint and the 4.2% number in terms of growth constant and just tightened the range a little bit on the upper band and lower band, wouldn't read too much into kind of that  those moves.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Mike Mueller: Hi. Just curious with the 10-year backing up and changes in the REIT environment. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of market pricing for different types of assets?
Dan G.: On the acquisition side, Mike?
Mike Mueller: Yes.
Dan G.: Yes, I'll let Jeff chime in as well. But put the best assets that we're looking to acquire, we still have not seen kind of a backup in cap rates, as Don has alluded to. Maybe we will, but it still has not filtered its way into the market yet with comps. Jeff, I don't know what you're seeing on the West Coast and other parts of the country.
Jeff Berkes: Yes, hey Mike. There's a round of deals out here, high-quality deals that close towards the end of the year, beginning of 2018 that were all in that forecast by our range, which is great pricing, very, very aggressive pricing for the kind of assets we're talking about. I think there's still a lot of capital that wants the best of the best, so I'm not sure the treasury has come up enough yet to really affect the pricing on those assets. But like Dan said, we'll see. And we really haven't seen anything that's Class A institutional quality price since the treasury has popped out, but there is a ton of capital chasing those deals. So I wouldn't expect for the best of the best huge change in pricing. You fall off from the best of the best quicker now than you have in the last few years, so like Don alluded to earlier in the call, the lower-quality assets is a different story.
Dan G.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Jeff Donnelly: Good morning, guys. Don, there seems to be like an increasing burden on landlords out there to not only understand the value of their space to retailers but to communicate it or sell that to retailers. Malls arguably have sort of an imperfect metric of sales productivity, but shopping centers don't have such a yardstick. Do you see retail landlords, I guess, malls and shopping centers, leaning to invest more in big data and analytics to improve operational excellence with merchandising, choosing tenants or working more collaboratively with their retailers?
Don Wood: I do, Jeff. It's a great question. I do, but the question is how. For somebody who's always skeptical of consultants because a consultant wants to take whatever issue there is in the marketplace and make a career out of it, there's a billion people out there saying, I just got the greatest data information for you. And maybe somebody does, but the reality is you're talking about a data transformation in terms of its importance to retailers, to others within  studying the consumer that I think is critically important. How  we are looking strongly right now of how to go about that, how to participate effectively in that part of the world. I don't have any answer for you yet, but I can tell you, if I look over the next decade, there will clearly be not only investments but careful investments in the right data, the important data that retailers are using to make their decisions. Now they're investing, too, obviously. And the biggest issue is every four months, whatever was important four months ago is now obsolete. And so sticking with that process or figuring out the best way to participate in that process is a key goal for Federal over the next couple of years.
Jeff Donnelly: Just as a follow-up. I mean, do you see that as something that's more about helping identify tenants, tenant selection? Or do you think this is more about helping in-place tenants generate more sales?
Don Wood: I think it's both, but  I think it's both. I mean, when you sit  as I was saying before, even in the last year, as more and more retailers kind of figure out how they're going to approach, not sure if they're going to be successful or not, but how they're going to approach this new economy and the new consumer, there's all kinds of information that they are grasping for as part of that plan. This  what you're describing is not an either or, it is a combination of both, and it will evolve month-by-month over the next few years.
Jeff Donnelly: And just one last question is, I'm not sure if you can speak to it, but just there's certainly been a lot of attention on Amazon second headquarters. Can you speak whether or not Federal has a direct involvement in any of the remaining bids or proposals? Or you guys just sort of located in the vicinity? I'm just curious as to how we should be thinking about that and maybe to the extent you have any color on the decision process.
Don Wood: Yes. Well, there's a bomb that's around it, right? First of all, it is an honor to be a shopping center company that is in the conversation as to where the second headquarters for Amazon is going to be. The end of itself, that's kind of cool. You bet you, we're in the vicinity. You know we're in the vicinity at both Assembly and at Pike & Rose, two of the 20 funnelists. In terms of getting deeper into that conversation of direct or indirect, I can't talk too much about that yet. I think you should be thinking of our impact as indirect there. But there are still negotiations to go through on their side, the county government, state government, et cetera. We'll see where it ends out. But in two of those locations, it's very possible that we have a benefit, I would assume an indirect benefit.
Jeff Donnelly: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nick Yulico with UBS. Your line is now open.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. Just going back to the same-store NOI guidance for this year. Can you give us a feeling for what rent spread assumptions are in that guidance along with how to think about occupancy? You mentioned there would be some pressure on occupancy because of downtime, but maybe a little more detail there would be helpful.
Dan G.: Sure, sure. I would say with regards to rent spreads, I mean, one of the things, if you look at over the last kind of eight quarters, remarkably consistent in terms of kind of low double digits to mid-teens, quarter in, quarter out. From where we sit today, I would expect through 2018 that kind of comparable. You may see a little volatility, but on the average, over the course of the year, you'll see generally comparable leasing spreads reflected in that 2% to 3% comparable POI growth. With regards to that number, though, I mean, as I mentioned, that proactive re-leasing, which will put some pressure on occupancy and put some pressure on that same-store number, roughly about 50 basis points is reflected there with regards to some of the downtime. And obviously, it will be dilutive, because cash flow won't be there, by probably in the range of about $0.03 to $0.04.
Nick Yulico: Okay, thats helpful. And then just going back to tough box sizes to fill. I guess as we think about 30,000 to 40,000 square foot boxes, feel like they are some of the tougher ones to backfill because maybe you're competing with power center, et cetera. Don, you talked about this a little bit earlier, but I just want to get a little bit more detail on your exposure to what is those tougher box sizes.
Don Wood: Well, its not  certainly, the size is important, but you have to look at it in the context of where it is. So the reason  I gave two examples before, and one is a second floor-only, accessible second floor-only big box in a  even a high-quality shopping center, certainly tough in a low-quality shopping center. But in a high-quality shopping center, whose business plans really look to that going forward? And I don't see name. So it's that second-floor, older space that I do worry about that we're working through. It will be  in many cases, because we have other arrows in our quiver, including other uses, whether that be office or azure, whatever else needs to happen in that space, we're looking at all kinds of stuff. So for example, at Pentagon Row, a second-floor health club, which has gone  we converted to office space, with a very strong office market just over the river from D.C. and Arlington, Virginia, and we're going to really well associated with that. So it's not just  it's hard, Nick. Don't just look at the box size. Look at the real estate location and the alternatives and what the company is able to do with them. Look at that stuff, and you got it. When  you take a look at a Bethesda, I mean, almost anywhere else, lots  not anywhere else, but lots of other places, a three-storey Barnes & Noble, basement, main floor, upper floor, of 45,000 feet or something like that, how else would you  who else would have gotten a whole space user in the form of this Anthropologie concept today? You would almost  any real estate guy would say, well, you're going to have to break that up. There'll be lost basement space, good space on the ground floor, but because at that corner in Bethesda, Maryland, we had choices. So I'm not going to be able to give you a generic 30 to 40 is bad, 15 to 25 is good. You got to get local on this analysis. I know its harder, but you do.
Nick Yulico: Appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Hoglund with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
George Hoglund: Hi, good morning. Most of my questions have been answered. But just wanted to get your sense on, based on your discussions kind of year-to-date with retailers and grocers, is there anything that's surprising you in terms of changes in sentiment with regards to additional store openings or sort of closing plans or kind of retailers that have maybe been deteriorating faster than you expected?
Chris Weilminster: Yes
Don Wood: Well, not in particular but  Chris, go ahead. I mean, obviously, we've been looking forward, we've been monitoring tightly coming out of the holiday season. Seeing where January and February had been, it feels more stable than I had anticipated at this point, which is good news. It's a settling. And I think that settling is part of that  each of them or more of them, if you will, not all, that's for sure, but more of them figuring out their business plans. I'm sorry, Chris, go ahead.
Chris Weilminster: No, I was going to reiterate that, Don, because you made that point earlier that the market  these retailers just need to have a firmer handle on their business plan and what they're trying to execute. And those are high-quality real estate. They're looking for lots of foothold and traffic from consumers, and a lot of our properties resonate with that. So in general, we're finding a firmer environment with regard to having these conversations with the retailers. But that's  it's organized as Don said just in his last comment, it's all about location, it really is. It's not an equal opportunity proposition for everyone.
George Hoglund: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Collin Mings with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Collin Mings: Thanks, good morning. Just wanted to go back to some of the prepared remarks. Can you maybe just expand on what you're seeing on the multifamily side to start 2018 as it specifically relates to the impact of incremental supply in some of your key markets?
Don Wood: Yes. Let me do the two, the biggest and  actually, we'll do three. Santana Row, Silicon Valley, I mean, there's like one Silicon Valley. Housing, clearly, is limited there. Jeff can certainly talk more about that, I'll go through the three of them quickly. But we still have  we've done remarkably well on our residential rents, on our ability to keep vacancy out on each new product that we add at Santana. That  in the marketplace, there's certainly additional development, but that market certainly seems to be able to handle it. And by the way, the amenitized environment part of that, you cannot underestimate. It truly is  has become  we've been talking about it for decades, but it is here, man. In places where your lifestyle is able to be supplemented with all these amenities, it's really important. Come across the East Coast and go up to Boston, I mean, you can see it in the results at Assembly. And Assembly, remember, is in Somerville, outside of Boston. And Boston rents on the residential side are through the roof. And some numbers like $4.50, $5 a foot per month. We are getting mid-3s at Assembly Row. And that's really strong. And by the way, I mean, we did 190 of them already in this building, which is  it's strong. There's more competition downtown, absolutely, but what it is that we're doing is really unique. Move down to Pike & Rose. When we did the first phase, we had tons of competition or new product, if you will, being built. That has subsided in large measure certainly in Montgomery County. And the development of Pike & Rose as a place is solidified. So nothing suggests  nothing, to me, proves it more than $2.40 rents, which I wish were higher, but that's where they are, $2.40 rents, still profitable rents, but  where we're adding new supply and keeping the existing 500 units completely filled, that's a hard thing to do. We thought there would be more dilution from Pallas and PerSei, the first two products that we've built, when we opened up Henri. There's not. It sets the time. And of course, it's location-driven, but the amenitized environment, the pieces of the mixed-use communities, clearly, and we see it in every survey we take, are an important consideration for why people are choosing to live there.
Collin Mings: Got you. So it sounds like, again, kind of the amenitized environment is helping insulate you guys to some degree from the supply pressures out there. Is that the overall message?
Don Wood: I think I'm crystal clear, and I think you've seen it on the office, too. It's amazing that the office portfolio of this company is like 100% leased or nearly 100% leased. When you take a look at that building that we built at Assembly in Phase 1, that was not originally going to be built at that time. But we saw what we were doing with demand on the retail side, what was happening with AvalonBay up top, and we added a 100,000 square foot office building, completely leased up very quickly with people on the waiting list, and that will roll up as those tenants go. And so partners, the recent partners are there at the Assembly environment. The recent Merrill Lynch is at Pike & Rose at the amenitized environment. It's both office and resi.
Collin Mings: Thanks for the color there. And then just one kind of housekeeping question for me. Just as far as the size of the active development  active redevelopment pipeline, looks like that's down here to start 2018 relative to how you started the last few years. Is this just a function of timing? Or are you being maybe a little bit more selective going back to some of the comments about allocating capital given some of the pressures in the environment?
Don Wood: No. You don't see that yet. I mean, that's just timing. We delivered  we deliver ahead of that.
Chris Weilminster: Well, we also have stabilized products that's kind of rolled into the stabilized pool and add up kind of the end process. The point is like a point.
Don Wood: That's the point. The point is done. And so that jumped off. But so, no, you'll see that  I mean, not always being a little lumpy, but  no, I think what we're seeing on the redevelopment side within the portfolio is as active as ever and delivering good yields despite what's happened. Look, the capital allocation conversation really applies more to the bigger next phases of the big mixed-use portfolios.
Dan G.: Yes, we got a pipeline on the redevelopment side, and you'll see that get replenished over the course of the year.
Collin Mings: Great, I appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vincent Chao of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Vincent Chao: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just a quick question. Tax Reform Act, I guess, has been talked about generally positively for retailers, which makes a lot of sense. But I was just curious, for the guys that are struggling already that maybe don't benefit from tax reform even they don't have any profits, I mean, do you think this potentially could accelerate their demise as the better retailers have a little bit more firepower?
Don Wood: Oh boy, I don't really have a good answer to you  for you on that one. I don't really know. I mean, the  I think it's a footnote to the bigger conversation as to whether that retailer or those retailers have a viable business plan in the new world. And those that do, I do think will benefit from tax reform. Those that don't, whatever. So I just don't think it's a  I don't know enough about those particular business plans, most particularly financial situations, which is what that comes down to. But it's hard for me to imagine that's the final thing that puts them over. I think there's bigger reasons they'll go.
Vincent Chao: Right. That makes sense. Okay. And just one other question. You mentioned the sort of TIs and those kinds of costs staying relatively stable, but we have been hearing consistently about wage inflation and labor costs and material cost increases. So just curious, as you think about 2018, do you expect that number to stay stable in the face of some inflation here?
Don Wood: Yes. Your point is dead on. I mean, there is certainly more pressure, continued pressure, but this has been the past five, seven years of more pressure to move risk from tenant to landlord. I like that we've kind of found some level of equilibrium overall. That doesn't mean there's not going to be a deal that we'll do with a big TI that has other benefits to the shopping center that happens occasionally, but basically, I see it stabilizing. I think that's a good thing. Look, that's again a property-by-property decision, the better properties are more leveraged.
Vincent Chao: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Floris van Dijkum with Boenning. Your line is now open.
Floris van Dijkum: Great, thanks. Hey, guys. As were looking at a screen of thread again today and Federal's implied cap rate is in excess of 5.5%, what point do you start to consider share buybacks? And maybe if you could also, Don, maybe touch upon giving some cap rate guidance to the market perhaps.
Don Wood: Floris, let me handle the buyback question because it's a good one. Look, we've been asked about buybacks over the past year at one point. And I've always said and I will still say with respect to this point that it's obviously not our preferred alternative. We absolutely prefer to allocate capital to projects that are long-term business plans, and that short-term variations in the marketplace are no reason to disrupt that business plan. I still believe that. But at some point, Floris, your point is not unheard at all, particularly in a year where we basically don't have the significant capital needs that we've had over the past few years. It can be on the table. Now how to execute that within our A rating, how to execute that within our overall business plan, probably requires asset sales to fund that. So the question earlier as to whether there could be increase in asset sales, I mean, that's part of the things that we're considering because markets are markets, there's not so much we can do about that, that's for sure. But we're getting close. We start talking about $100 here, that's $100 a share and 6% yield and better than 6% yield on this company, and it's  it will not be something that's ignored. And let me just leave it at that.
Floris van Dijkum: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Samir Khanal: Good morning. Dan, I know you've talked a little bit about this, but can you walk us through sort of your sources and uses? Just remind us, please, how much you generate in terms of free cash flow sort of annually and how much funding you'll need for sort of ground-up in developments over the next sort of two years to three years maybe after you generate  after what you generate from the condo sales at Pike & Rose and Assembly Row. You talked about being prefunded for 2018, but I'm trying to get a sense of what the picture looks like over sort of the next two years to three years.
Dan G.: Yes. I think the $250 million to $300 million we had in guidance is kind of a general number. Maybe it's in the $200 million to $300 million range as we put a tighter lens on capital allocation over the course. And I think that the asset sales that we've kind of alluded to will be potentially a source of funding kind of going forward. Certainly, the condos in 2018 give us that prefunding. We also generate pretty significant, call it, $70 million to $75 million, in that range, of free cash flow after dividends and maintenance capital that we use are very efficient form of capital, very low cost form of capital that we can reinvest into our business. That's a meaningful piece of it as well. And our balance sheet is positioned to  is positioned very well with very little drawn on our line of credit to start the year, and that we feel very, very good in terms of where our  not only for 2018 but even into 2019, where we stand from a capital plan perspective.
Samir Khanal: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Im showing no further questions in queue, so I'd like to turn the conference back over to Leah Andress.
Leah Andress: Thanks, everyone. We look forward to seeing many of you in the next couple of weeks. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you very much for your participation. You may all disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Leah Andress - Investor Relations Don Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer Daniel Guglielmone - Chief Financial Officer Jeff Berkes - President, West Coast Christopher Weilminster - Executive Vice President and President, Mixed-Use Division
Analysts: Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Christy McElroy - Citi Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Collin Mings - Raymond James Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler ONeill Michael Bilerman - Citi
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Third Quarter 2017 Federal Realty Investment Trusts Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for todays conference, Ms. Leah Andress. Maam?
Leah Andress: Good morning. I would like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realtys third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G., Dawn Becker, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. I would like to remind everyone that certain matters discussed on this call maybe deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes these expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realtys future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. These documents are available on our website. Given the number of participants on the call, we kindly ask that you limit your questions to one or two per person during the Q&A portion of our call. And if you have additional questions, please feel free to jump back in the queue. And with that, I will turn the call over to Don Wood. Don?
Don Wood: Thanks, Leah. Good morning, everybody. Really good quarter for us folks between another earnings beat this year at $1.50 a share of FFO to strong initial residential leasing progress at the new phases of both Pike & Rose and Assembly Row to the successful integration of our Primestor joint venture in California, to an oversubscribed preferred stock capital raise that one of the lowest coupons ever offered in our space, this company continues to address and face head on the challenges to retail-based real estate, with more arrows in our quiver than most and a clear vision for the future. We are not playing defense, we are on offense and we are moving the ball aggressively. At $1.50 a share of FFO this quarter, which is 6.4% higher than last years comparable quarter and our newly raised dividend rate of $1 a share per quarter, we are generating more into net cash from operations than ever before, some $75 million annually and the most efficient capital source and deploying it into value-creative repositionings and developments on both coasts. Our leasing was strong this quarter, 82 comparable deals, 400,000 square feet at rents that were 14% higher than the previous leases, 23% higher on deals with new tenants, 8% higher on renewals. In addition, we did 25,000 feet of new and non-comparable deals at Pike & Rose, at Assembly, and in other places at an average rent of more than $55 a foot and by the way, tenant improvement dollars were down overall in the quarter. Japanese retailer, Muji, with more than a dozen locations in New York and California, was a big contributor with a lease signed on Third Street Promenade n Santa Monica, replacing Abercrombie & Fitch, as was Target in Parsippany, New Jersey with their brand new smaller format replacing the bankrupt, Pathmark supermarket at Troy Shopping Center. Rent from both of those deals will commence later in 2018. Lease termination fees were also up during the quarter by about $2.8 million, attributable primarily to two tenants, the reorganization of the La Madeleine restaurant chain, along with the withdrawal of all U.S. Kit and Ace stores. I talk a lot about the strength of our leases from a landlord perspective and what an important part of our business plan they are. And these are two tenant failures that are great examples of what I am talking about. On average, we received the equivalent of about 2 years of full rent through about as fast and efficient a negotiation as you can have and fully expect to backfill those highly desirable spaces long before that. The ability to do that had everything to do with the non-financial parts of the lease. This was a very strong leasing quarter. Also in the quarter, you will note that overall occupancy improved to 93.8% compared to 93.0% at the end of the second quarter and 93.1% a year ago. Turning space over at Target at Troy Shopping Center and BroadSoft and Amazon at Santana for their build network there were the largest contributors. Assets and results of the Primestor joint venture are included in the quarter as of August 2, the closing date, and our teams are working closely together. With respect to Primestor, we are actively pursuing an additional smaller acquisition together with them in Southern California and also are actively marketing one of the assets that we bought in the joint venture for sale. Our entire team remains extremely bullish about the productivity of this relationship, serving the underserved Latino population. On the development front, residential leasing and occupancy kicked in full force this quarter at both Pike & Rose and Assembly Row, the Henri & the Montaje, respectively and initial demand is impressive. At the Henri at Pike & Rose, 140 units of the 272 total have already been leased at an average of $2.35 per foot, well above budget in terms of pace, slightly above expectations in terms of rent. And by the way, the 493 Phase 1 Apartments remain 95% leased despite the new supply coming on the project, thats important. In addition, 44 of the 99 for-sale condominiums are under contract at/or above budgeted pricing with closings beginning in the middle of 2018. We are off to Boston here  to Somerville. At Montaje, at Assembly, 97 units of the 447 total rental units have been leased at an average of $3.40 a foot, well above budget in terms of rent, slightly above budget in terms of expectations and in terms of pace. And most impressively, 106 of the 107 market rate for-sale condominiums are under contract at over $850 per square foot and are scheduled for closing in the first half of 2018. Its noteworthy to mention that this building sold out without any of the purchasers physically walking through their units as the building is still under construction. The location and amenity-rich environment was enough. The expected proceeds are more than $10 million higher than we anticipated. Both of these projects are coming into their own very nicely and of course the lease up of the apartments will create dilution in earnings drag of a few cents per quarter, particularly larger in the fourth quarter than the third. There is no surprise there, I hope. The retail leasing on both projects are also progressing though not as fast as we would have liked. Seems like every deal these days takes longer than it should, but the anchor systems at both projects are all set, but there is still some wood to chop in the shop space. 88% of property operating income at Pike & Rose and 74% at Assembly are under signed leased or fully executed LOIs and tenant openings at both projects have begun this quarter and will continue throughout 2018. Construction at 700 Santana Row continues in earnest and on budget and on schedule. Two other points I want to make on this call and the first relates to same-center growth. Computing same-center growth with and without redevelopment consistent with the way that we have for years reflects growth of 4.4% and 2.6% respectively. But as you know and as Dan will discuss further, we believe that the same-center metrics, historically used in our industry, are of limited use for companies whose business plan is based not on triple-net lease properties or commodity type asset management, but on a wide variety of value creative strategies deployed on an even wider variety of real estate types and sizes. And accordingly, we have been considering a metric that might better reflect our portfolios period-over-period income contribution that might be more germane to our firms approach to operations and investment. In that regard, we are also disclosing, what we call, comparable property growth, a measure that starts with GAAP, operating income before depreciation, before G&A, of course, taken directly from our income statement and then adjusted for those assets thats historic comparability between periods in two categories, either newly acquired or sold properties or those that are under development or being positioned for significant redevelopment and investment. On that basis, which we call comparable property results, those assets grew 3% during the quarter. You will note additional disclosure in our Form 8-K that reconciles comparable property results with the primary income statement and provides capital spent at those properties during the period. Of course, there is not a direct correlation between capital spent in the current period and the current periods results as there is obviously a lag of 12 to 36 months or more between capital deployment and a return on that capital. And finally, if there is one takeaway from my prepared remarks today that I would love investors to thoughtfully consider. I hope its the understanding that in these days of dramatically changing consumer behavior and technological change, the idea of measuring this business every 90 days is really tough to do. We thoroughly and completely believe that the retail real estate-based companies will not only survive, but thrive in the quarters, years and decades to come, will be those who have positioned themselves to this point for their assets to be the real estate of choice for the widest possible selection of tenants, not any particular tenant, the widest possible selection of tenants, not a narrow, limiting business plan, but a broader, wider funnel in selected markets. It seems to us that in order to best positioning ourselves for that outcome, location matters more today than it ever has and assets need to be in flexible formats that can be approved upon through profitable reinvestment. And thats a big one, because on many retail based properties in the United States, the new revenue numbers that we generated after redevelopment just arent enough to justify the investment. And lastly, thats truly enhancing the experience, the place making, the tenant line up and the customer service at those places is both critical and harder than it sounds. Creating the environment is a lot more than just going down at cool things to-do checklist. So, thats it. Everything that this company is doing today even if modestly short-term earnings dilutive is meant to be able to act on this necessary long-term philosophy. The fact that we are doing it while still growing current earnings and still growing current cash flow at the same time is a true testament to quality of our real estate and our teams vision and execution competencies of that vision. Now, let me turn it over to Dan to talk about the quarter before opening up the lines to your questions.
Daniel Guglielmone: Thank you, Don and Leah and hello everyone. Our team feels really good about another record quarter in the face of the challenging retailing landscape. Our third quarter FFO per share of $1.50 beat our internal projections by a full $0.02. This outperformance was primarily driven by stronger than expected NOI growth as well as getting some term fees earlier than we had forecasted. Don told you about the strong leasing we had in the third quarter, but let me tell you that the momentum continues into the fourth quarter with HomeGoods signing on at Brick Plaza to join a lineup of Ulta, DSW and Michaels and the former A&P, Dollar Tree and Tuesday Morning spaces, and a new anchor who we cant disclose just yet, signing on as part of a repositioning of an infill Washington, D.C. asset of ours. This latter lease being another example of our proactive releasing activity, creating short-term vacancy and dilution in order to achieve significant upside from a value creation, growth and merchandising perspective. Our same-center growth with redevelopment was a solid 4.4%, again beating our internal forecast. Same-center NOI without redevelopment rebounded with a solid 2.6% increase. While these metrics were helped by a positive term fee comp of 70 basis points and 50 basis points, respectively, note that these same-center results were achieved in the face of roughly 70 basis points of drag from our value-creating, proactive re-leasing efforts, which as I mentioned, position our portfolio to outperform for the long-term but create short-term drag on our growth rate. As Don highlighted in his remarks, we have introduced a new metric, comparable property POI growth, which was 3% for the quarter. We believe this metric best reflects our core portfolio level performance and is more applicable to our business strategy and our capital allocation approach. Please note that we intend to provide all three same-center metrics over the coming quarters in order to provide comparability and continuity before ultimately transitioning to a comparable POI metric. Now, lets turn to the balance sheet. We closed on our Primestor 90:10 joint venture in August for $340 million, which includes the assumption of $79 million of debt. I would like to take the next couple of minutes to lay out how we positioned our balance sheet to comfortably absorb this acquisition. Lets first look at our disposition activity. During the quarter, we closed on the sale of 150 Post Street, our boutique office and street retail building in downtown San Francisco for $69 million as well as the sale of North Lake Shopping Center in suburban Chicago for $16 million. That brings our gross disposition proceeds to the year-to-date up to $138 million. The blended cap rate for these dispositions is in the mid-4s, representing a meaningfully accretive form of capital and also a testament to the quality of Federals portfolio, even our non-core assets. With respect to our disposition pipeline going forward, we have an additional $200 plus million of assets under contract or being marketed, which we expect to close over the course of 2018. These include the condos at Assembly Row and Pike & Rose, which have zero income dilution associated with them and two other non-core assets, which should sell for a blended 5% cap rate. Our ability to sell non-core but high-quality assets accretively is another competitive advantage in Federals capital markets arsenal. To further enhance the positioning of our balance sheet, we opportunistically turned to the preferred market, where in late September we issued $150 million of perpetual preferred stock at a 5% dividend rate. Thats the lowest preferred rate for a REIT so far in 2017 and the second lowest rate ever achieved by a REIT. Perpetual equity, with a fixed 5% cost and a one-way call option for Federal after 5 years, is extremely attractive permanent equity capital and further illustrative of us taking advantage of our A- rating and fortress balance sheet to opportunistically and attractively fund our capital needs. At quarter ends, we had strong liquidity, with just $42 million outstanding on our $800 million credit facility. While our net debt to EBITDA ratio edged up to 5.8x, note that with $200 plus million, a $200 plus million disposition pipeline in 2018, combined with the significant levels of EBITDA, a high proportion of which is contractual, coming online from the second phases at Assembly and Pike & Rose, we fully expect our net debt to EBITDA ratio will come back down into the 5x to 5.5x range over the course of 2018. Our first charge coverage sits at an extremely healthy 4.14x and is forecast to improve as well over the course of 18. Additionally, we will generate, as Don mentioned, free cash flow after dividends and maintenance capital of roughly $75 million in 2017 and forecast similar levels or more in 2018. As we move forward, we will continue to manage our balance sheet conservatively, looking to operate over the long-term with leverage metrics in line with our A- rating. Now, on to guidance, we are pleased with our continued outperformance this quarter, beating our internal projections and consensus by a couple of cents. This outperformance was fairly broad-based with property NOI coming in higher than expected, less impact than forecasted from failing tenants and higher term fees than originally expected in the quarter. However, we do expect to get some of that back in the fourth quarter. We have modest short-term dilution from our preferred issuance relative to our original forecast. We will also incur some costs associated with the upgrading of our accounting and IT platforms, in addition to the dilution that Don mentioned earlier from our commencing on the delivery of our residential units at The Henri, the Montaje and Towson, in total, 825 units that will be delivered into 2018. As a result, we are tightening the range of our 2017 FFO guidance to $5.89 to $5.92 per share, essentially affirming guidance with a slight uptick. As it relates to same-center growth with redevelopment for 2017, given another strong quarter, we affirm our estimate of 3% or better for the year. Now on to 2018, as most of you know Federal successfully reorganized its operating structure into a more decentralized model back in 2015. As a result, this year we took on the task of restructuring our budgeting process with the goal of providing a more robust forecast of future performance given this decentralized approach. As a result, our budgets will not be completed until mid-December. Therefore, we are providing just a preliminary estimate of 2018 FFO per share of $6.06 to $6.26. We expect to refine this outlook and provide official guidance during our fourth quarter call in February. At that time, we will also provide an estimate of our comparable property POI metric. And with that, we look forward to seeing many of you in Dallas in a couple of weeks. Don, Jeff, Melissa, Leah and I will all be there. And with that, operator, you can turn the line over to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Michael Mueller of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. A couple of questions. You mentioned the lease termination income did you mention what the specific number was during the quarter?
Don Wood: I know we are 2.8 incremental, I dont know if we have a number. Do you have that?
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Now, for the quarter, we had about $3.25 million of term fees, a large proportion of that was in our budget. We did exceed that  our forecast slightly and thats part of the reason for the $0.02 to $0.03 beat. A lot of that was not in the same-store pool, but those are roughly the numbers.
Michael Mueller: Got it. And then I guess, if we think about 2018, you mentioned a couple hundred million of asset sales that are underway to retain cash flow. As you look out there, does it feel like 2018 could be a year where you dont tap the equity markets to continue funding the growth?
Daniel Guglielmone: I think we will look to kind of take advantage of the breadth of our balance sheet and our capital markets capabilities. I think we will be tactical and opportunistic when equity is attractively priced. As I mentioned in my remarks, our disposition pipeline is strong and looks good. That could grow, but we will be nimble and opportunistic as it relates to issuing capital going forward.
Don Wood: Mike, the only thing I want to add to that is and it ties into the question, because of the asset sale piece, remember, we are talking about a lot of that coming from the sale of condos. And what effectively that does is obviously de-risk and de-lever the big properties at both Pike & Rose and Assembly and so especially with the Assembly results that we have seen, thats better stuff than we anticipated.
Michael Mueller: Got it. And is that actually ties to the last question, which was of the $200 million that you talked about for next year throughout there, you mentioned the condos at 0%. What portion of that $200 million is 0 cap stuff versus the 5 cap?
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes, probably kind of $140 million to $150 million of condo and call it $50 million to $60 million of other, non-core.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Got it. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. I wanted maybe a little discussion in how you keep up-to-date and stay focused on that, why the selection of tenants or put in other way, how do you source these unique tenants? And then just maybe one follow on, how much of a pioneer do you want to be versus leasing to the better funded established players?
Don Wood: Craig, first of all, its a great conversation, its what we spend an awful lot of time doing. It is all about balance, you are exactly right, but one of the things that frankly, the entire open air sector has over malls is more flexibility in the product type or in terms of what you can do with spaces, whether that be combining for smaller spaces with the right depths that make some sense or in some places going the other way. The idea of making sure that  and I think there is wide funnel notion. It sounds obvious, but you have got to be thinking about it as you are locating your properties, where you are obviously and what format they are under. I think one of the best things we have is not all grocery anchored centers, not all mixed-use properties, not all any one thing, but its much more real estate based in terms of it. And so the balance between the great tenants that we think are the great tenants today that we dont know, because they are all trying to figure out what their 5 and 10 and longer models will be and those tenants that are a bit pioneering, you need the right kind of balance. I hate the word duration, because its overused so much, but there is something to it. And as you know, Craig, we have talked about it for years, it is what we do. So, I cant tell you 40%, 60%, 50%-50%, whatever, it very much depends on the piece of real estate, it very much depends on how wide that market is drawing from. But I can tell you in every decision we make, with respect to what tenants to put next to get and how to be relevant for the future, those considerations are made. Sorry, to get wordy on this, but its such an important part and thinking about the future of our business. If you take Brick Shopping Center in Brick, New Jersey, this was a shopping center that had an A&P, a sports authority, a Bon-Ton in it, Dollar stores, etcetera and that is now HomeGoods, DSW, Ulta, gymnast deals thats just about done, that should like a lot. Its a completely different environment and it didnt just happen with the tenants, it happened with the physical place, with the outdoor seating, the place making, etcetera. Its the consolidator in the market. And that you will have to be thinking about as you go forward. Who were the consolidators, where is the real estate that can act in it, in a country thats got too much retail as the consolidator? We think we are really well positioned for that.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. And then just quickly, do you think there will be any difficulty in keeping the construction workers working on stuff like a project at CocoWalk or has the disaster made that prove to pull them away on other stuff?
Don Wood: Well, I will tell you this, I am glad particularly with respect to Coco, you know that the project is priced out that its effectively what had gotten to the point it did before the hurricane struck. There was no damage to the property. I do not believe from everything we are hearing that we will have issues with respect to the construction execution. Now when you look going forward on projects, there is no doubt, construction cost in this country is something we are  everybody is thinking about with respect to maybe number of workers cost wise, just why cant you make big rents to be able to pay for it. So, physical damage absolutely not, great shape on our line of the assets. With respect to what construction cost due to make numbers work in the future, we are going to have to see. They are up right now, thats for sure.
Craig Schmidt: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Christy McElroy of Citi. Your line is open.
Christy McElroy: Just in thinking about guidance, Dan, just following up on some of your comments and thinking about getting from that. Its a 144 to 147 range in fourth quarter on an FFO basis. I realize that you are not providing same-store NOI guidance at this point. But just as we think about some of the moving parts there, maybe if you can kind of walk us through what you expect through the guide sort of the 70 basis point drag that you talked about presumably thats reversing into next year from the re-tenanting. You have got the CocoWalk and Sunset drag from starting those projects. On the other hand, you have got Assembly and Pike & Rose, the retails coming online, but then you have got the apartment leasing drag. And then presumably, you are budgeting something for further tenant fallout into next year. How do we think about all that?
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes, all good questions. I think kind of given where we are in our process, its a little premature to get into kind of some of those detailed assumptions behind 18 and we will definitely cover that in February. But to give you maybe something in terms of where we see maybe same-store next year, its preliminary, but maybe 2% to 3% is a good placeholder on the basis of our new metric comparable property POI, but I think at this point, its too premature to provide detailed assumptions.
Christy McElroy: And then just on the IT and accounting cost that you mentioned in Q4, is that sort of one-timeish and how much is that  how much is that impacting?
Daniel Guglielmone: I think for the fourth quarter, we could  maybe its $0.01, but I think that will continue. This is upgrading and really improving our accounting and IT platform, its investment we feel is going to improve the productivity of our company on a go-forward basis. The bulk of that spend will be in 2018 and some of that will be reflected in our guidance in 2018, but again a little preliminary to kind of be detailed and give a detailed estimate of that number at this point.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then just really quickly, in terms of the asset sales, the $200 million, I got the breakout, but in terms of the timing of that occurring between the condo sales and the two non-core assets, how should we think about that?
Don Wood: Throughout 2018, Christy, I would  to model it around the middle of the year, some will start before in terms of the condo closings, end or later in the year, all of the Assembly will be done next year. You can basically put that around in the middle of the year. Pike & Rose, obviously, we are halfway done. And so we have got another half to do and that timing of those sales will determine what the timing is on that.
Daniel Guglielmone: Probably I would say the asset, the non-core asset dispositions are probably towards the first half of the year, maybe this should be done by then, but thats  its a modest kind of $50 million to $60 million number.
Christy McElroy: Okay. Thanks so much for the sense.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Jeff Donnelly of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Jeff Donnelly: Good morning, guys. Maybe just building off Christys question, Dan, I know specifics are unavailable. But can you talk directionally about how you are thinking about things like renewal probabilities or downtime on leases. Are you on just capital investment on any vacancies in your budget for next year versus maybe what you are assuming this year?
Daniel Guglielmone: I would generally say that we have shown consistency in our operating metrics over the last several quarters, I think heading into 2018, I think it will be consistent. I think again, its a little too premature kind of given where we are. We still got another 45 days of going through our budgeting process before we are able to provide that level of detail, but again we will talk about that in more detail in February.
Jeff Donnelly: And just are there factors that would maybe put your earnings at the low end of that range, the $6.06 a share. Are those, I guess I will say were they within your control or do you see that as more of a reflection of your view on the economy, the industry to kind of bringing you down at that level?
Daniel Guglielmone: I think that we are sitting here and looking at 2018, it is an uncertain retailing environment and I think that our range kind of reflects some caution and some conservatism at that low end of the range.
Don Wood: But Jeff, its something bigger than that. I mean, the reason even we gave such a wide range to start. Think about the things that we are doing, the timing and the pacing of the lease up of the residential properties, that matters, it matters a lot. The timing of when we demolish the biggest piece of CocoWalk and do we get the entitlements on Sunset and can we get started with that? When you think about some of the other projects, like Darien that we are making really good progress on, but arent sure when well be starting. This company does a lot. So the notion of  its hard to kind of invest or not invest in a company based on 90 days in the real estate business, this isnt the retail business, its the real estate business. I am not trying to be detour of you, but when you think about the components of this, it is more complex than a commodity-based company and there is more upside than a commodity-based company.
Jeff Donnelly: Don, how do you feel about just the negotiating environment? I guess, right now on the leasing front, I mean, do you think the accumulation of vacancies that will happen in the industry, I know the far-reaching suburbs are very different than maybe some of your submarkets. But I am just curious I mean, have you sort of perceived that or have you felt that in your business or do you think its relatively the same as it was maybe a year ago?
Don Wood: Well, its interesting. And I think I have commented over the past year or the past 2 years that I did feel like the leasing leverage, the de-leverage and you just  in general on everything was tipping more to the retail and thats particularly given that uncertainty, kind of feeling like thats found the bottom, if you will, or piece of stability. And we are seeing it in a number of places. What Id love to give you our specific examples, I dont want to do that for obvious negotiating reasons. But there have been tenants that have come back to us and said, hey, look, wed like to exercise that option, but you are going to have to renegotiate that down and sometimes we have to do that. But what our policy is, is no, there is a contract in place this is the contract, thats the way its going to be. And I can give you, Id love to give you, but I will not on this call, three specific examples of three specific tenants that you would know very well, that basically have to then ask, simply exercise their option at the higher rent and moved forward. And so the notion of taking this, this dislocation in our business and trying to use it to the best advantage, thats what we all do. Thats what the landlord side does its what the retailer side does. But I feel like there is no doubt property by property, the leverage that the conversations that we are having feel more settled to me than they have been over the past few months.
Jeff Donnelly: And just one last one, I suspect you guys are a party to 1 or 2 bids for Amazons new headquarters, I think Amazon has said that they are looking to take delivery of some of that the initial office space as early as 2019. I am just curious given how fast moving that process is? Have you guys heard anything further or do you have any expectations on when you might hear more?
Don Wood: We dont. Obviously, what we do for living and when you think about where Assembly is located, what we have entitled, whats there, we obviously think there is a great case to be made there. We feel the same way in and around Pike & Rose in that Montgomery County area. And having said that, we know nothing more than that and every city that I go to, things, they are getting Amazons second headquarters, no matter who you talk to, their city will make that and it will go somewhere. And in some ways, the best place to be is just on the periphery of it, because who knows what those deals will look like, right, as it happens, but the fact that we are having this conversation in a what is plain, old shopping center companies suggest this isnt a plain old shopping center company. As we are getting something different when I dont know how many calls you have had with the shopping center guys where you are asking about Amazons second headquarters and the real estate that you own to get there. So no, I dont know anymore now, but I sure know that if you look through the type of things that, that company and many other companies like them are or smaller obviously, but like them are looking for in their workforce. We are set up with those type of locations in the markets that we are in. Thats the big takeaway.
Jeff Donnelly: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeremy Metz of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, guys. Don, I think you may have just actually hit on this, but for 2018 obviously, there is a lot of moving pieces and continued repositioning going on here. But broadly, it sounds like we should be thinking about growth accelerating in the back half of the year and into 2019. There is a lot of the development operations open and stabilized. At a broad level, is that a fair way to think about the cadence of earnings in next year?
Don Wood: I am going turn it over to Dan, as much close on the numbers, I will tell you, Jeremy. I mean, there is no question we are doing a boatload of leasing. And so  and we are doing leasing as I have said in the past, in places that are under redevelopment, are being repositioned. I think we do a lot of it. Its not a little bit on the edges. And so most of that leasing is coming in, I think weve stretched on the schedule for a number of quarters, for sure, in terms of how that income stream comes on. And yes, it comes on throughout into 2018 and 19 and it builds. Now as question was implied earlier, how much of the lease in the bottom of the bucket, whats going to come out after the holiday season and all that, we dont know. We dont know. But what we know is we are, we go hard to our tenant base. And when we have weakness or when we see tenants, we are worried  weakness in those locations. We are looking really hard right now to how to backfill it. So the big question, Jeremy, as you go through on the basic business side is the bottom of the bucket, how much of a leak there will be for that and thats not known yet. When you look at the other value-enhancing things that we are doing, whether we are talking about Coco, whether we are talking about Pike & Rose or Assembly, there is no doubt in those big projects that there is dilution before there is accretion and 2018 will be dilutive from the standpoint of leasing up 800 and some odd units, but thats okay. So, its complicated, its harder to look at and just apply the same metrics that you use. But generally, with respect to the business part that you are talking about growing throughout 2018 toward the latter part is a fair assumption.
Jeremy Metz: Appreciate that. And then sorry if I missed this earlier, but at Pike & Rose, can you talk about the residential leasing there, how rents are trending, but also how that initial leasing has been in Phase 2?
Don Wood: Yes, no, no, I did, I went through that in all my prepared remarks, but just quickly, on the residential side in particular, strong stuff, much faster and a little bit more money, I wish the money were higher. We are getting 235 a foot or so, which is better than our budget, but the most important thing about that is the existing product in Phase 1 still 95% leased. We havent diluted the first half, because demand is growing, because the place is finding its way there. The number of people on this call have been there lately. Everybody who is left there lately has been blown away, I loved it, I would love to show it. On the retail leasing side, as I said in my comments, slower than I wanted to be, not in the anchor system, but in the shop space that fills in around the anchor state system, where still 88% of the NOI is under lease or negotiated NOI. So, the work  there is a word slower and the word slower applies to our business in terms of navigating through this environment.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks, Don.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho. Your line is open.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good morning.
Don Wood: Good morning.
Haendel St. Juste: Don, I was wondering if you could perhaps extrapolate on your comments about the higher construction cost in Miami. I am wondering if thats changing your thoughts, plans, timing, return expectations for Sunset, still in the shadow pipeline. And I think we saw in the recent article that you submitted your plan to the city planning board in late October, I am curious how that was received?
Don Wood: Yes. So with respect to Sunset, I mean, absolutely, the issue, the first issue there is we have to have the right to go north, to go north in the air. The ability to make money at Sunset is proportionately directly correlated to being able to build up in the air, and were now through the entitlement process there. And the entitlement process in South Miami as it is, theres an awful lot of communities like that in the country is tough. So I dont know that were going to get it there. So were not yet at the point of what the construction cost would be to make a bigger project work. Were still at the point of, can we get the right to be able to expand that yet. And as you would imagine, the hurricane has slowed that process down from the standpoint of there is just other things that people are worried about these days. But we are expecting to hear something soon before the end of the year? If its not finalized, we will be out to February for the next way to look at it. So, we can talk more about Sunset as we go forward. But as I say, the entitlements are the same the biggest thing that the single biggest hurdle that has to be overcome. And if its not, its going to be just the basic its going to be what it is as opposed to something a whole lot better, which will be a shame for the community.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay, okay. I appreciate the thoughts there. And then one more for me, I guess, the imitation is the serious form of flattery they say, right. So, I guess, I am curious what you make of a lot of your retail peers talking more of and introducing more a mixed use into their portfolios. Maybe perhaps what advice you provide, some of the key lessons you learned? And are you concerned of maybe mixed use could swing too far, maybe perhaps presenting a bit of a risk down the road?
Don Wood: Sure. Well, Haendel, first of all, that question is, I mean, we got to sit over a few beers and talk that one through, because its complicated and the conversation is not for this conference call. With respect to, am I worried that there is  sure I am worried. I mean, in our business, there is no magic elixir of the type of product, there is no magic elixir into the tenants who is the greatest tenant thats going to fix everything. I mean none of that  none of it happens. So, the idea of being balanced, the idea of having  being a real estate company more than just having a narrow business plan is very important to us. And as you would imagine, just deciding to do mixed use, whatever that means and the definition of that is so darn light to so many different peoples points of view. People dont think that, thats the magic elixir, but they know that creating environments and places that serve the consumer not only this year, but over the next 10 years and 15 years, that there is an awful lot to this trend toward organization in the country, towards this need for higher services, its hard to ignore it. I mean, its frankly its as obvious as it can be. Will there be too much done in terms of poorly executed projects and things that dont work? Sure, there will, just like there are in other sectors. So yes, I mean, its proceeded at your own risk.
Haendel St. Juste: Appreciate the thoughts. We will have to grab that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Collin Mings of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Collin Mings: Thanks. Good morning. First question for me, just earlier this year, Don, you noted that relatively more attractive acquisition opportunities were before becoming more plentiful and can you maybe just update us on what you are seeing now and maybe how that has evolved throughout the year from your perspective?
Don Wood: Yes. Well, look, first of all, its not business as usual when you have cost of equity of not only our public company, a lot of public companies down to where it is. You better be more disciplined in terms of the allocation of that capital, and you better look at things with the light of todays environment rather than previous environment in terms of the left side and right side of the balance sheet. Most important thing, do I think that there is a disconnect between public valuations and private valuations? Yes, I do. And Jeff can probably talk more about this. When we went into Primestor, what we loved about Primestor was the notion of an underserved community in terms of GLA per capita. And its so crystal clear to us that, thats such an important metric in terms of  way more than same-center growth is the other things that wind up on some of the schedules or truly how do you compete, how do you create demanded that exceeds supply. On the acquisition side with our cost of money to get in there and buy things in the fore is hard to do. It doesnt make a lot of sense for us today. Whereas it could have in the past to the extent the IRRs are in the growth. So Jeff, why dont you add specifics about what youre seeing?
Jeff Berkes: Yes. Sure, Don. Its interesting. We are seeing more deals come to the market than maybe a year or 18 months or so ago. Its really interesting how the investor community is looking at those deals. A couple of years ago, there wasnt a big difference in price between what we call a great deal. And by great we mean how we define great, which is an imbalance between supply and demand and a lot of population density and ability to grow NOI and all that kind of stuff and kind of so-so deal, which may look good on paper. But when you start to peel back the onion, it doesnt make a lot of sense. Whats happened over last year or so has become very clear that if its an institutional quality deal, its going to get crazy pricing and we have seen a couple of deals out in California that get marketed and priced since all the headlines started appearing in March or April. And the pricing of those deals, quite frankly, was just amazing, its low for cap rates, the way we underwrite deals, I know how to operate a shopping center, kind of 5ish IRRs. Honestly, that doesnt interest us much. On the other end of the equation, you get moved out a little bit from that and pricing really gaps out. And there might not even be better choice now for certain properties. So, our challenge is kind of defining the middle and making sure we are buying a future real estate and making sure buying something where we can grow NOI. Those opportunities will come around we think in 18, but there is not a plethora of those around right now, quite frankly. You guys dont know we are selective and disciplined and tend to get stuff done over time and we expect that to be the case going into the next year.
Collin Mings: Okay. I appreciate the color there. Maybe just following up on that just as it related to the prepared remarks, as it relates to the Primestor, can you expand upon the comments regarding possibly selling one asset and maybe acquiring additional property in terms of that partnership?
Jeff Berkes: Yes, its further, I mean. Go ahead, Collin.
Don Wood: Yes, thats funny Jeff. I was going to say, no.
Jeff Berkes: Yes, there is not much to add.
Don Wood: Well, I dont want to get into the sale process of an asset. I dont want to impede with that, thats not done yet. And the same on the acquisition side, the only thing I would say on the acquisition side, which is very cool, is that its a deal that includes development. Its a very simple grocery anchored format, not a hard thing, but its something that has been in the works by that company for 7 years, in terms of where it is, the returns, the subsidy from the city and other agencies, etcetera, when you spend that much time, thats for us to come in and to be able to jump on that effectively, thats something that we wouldnt be able to do on our own in some of these markets. And so this partnership is we are really positive about this as an engine in this sector of our business plan going forward.
Collin Mings: Alright. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler ONeill. Your line is open.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you and good morning down there.
Don Wood: Good morning.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning. Two questions. First, can you just talk about up at Assembly Row, the apartments that you have leasing up. Its a rather large project and if you assume 30 a month, it seemed to take you into the second year before stabilizing. So, can you just give us thoughts on how you are approaching that to try and minimize the year-over-year lease up while its still leasing against yourself? If there are ways to mitigate that or if the view is that you are going sort of as full speed as it can if you have to deal with it at that point?
Don Wood: I just dont understand the question with respect to leasing against ourselves there, Alex, because Avalon owns the review of the product at this site. So its not us, first of all. Second of all, its a big project, its 447 units. And to be 100 done at this point, this is really good and this building is not done yet. With respect to the supply and demand characteristics, we are not managing that to the dilution or accretion of any particular quarter next year. We are running a real estate company and therefore, we are trying to create the right balance between rate and volume in a big project where we have an awful lot of money invested already creating the environment. So sure, its going to take all of 2018 to lease it up and we will create  I forget what the number is in terms of value as its finished in 19 and 20 and 21 and 22. And thats what we are running it to, not to the 90-day pieces of 2018.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thats helpful, Don. I was referring to if you assume 30 units a month that would be sort of 14, 15 months, but if you said you are already 100 underway leased up, then thats good to hear. The second question is on the comparable NOI or comparable property disclosure that you provided, can you just go back and just help us understand. This excludes acquisitions and redevelopment. But how else does this improve or help us understand better versus the same-store NOI metric ex redevelopment? So, what are the nuances that we will get out of this versus the traditional metric?
Don Wood: I am not sure it does help you. What I know it does is reflect the way we run our business and how is thats more important. What I mean by that is the first thing it does is it starts with the audited annual financial statements. And I think its really important that  I wish other people did this, that you start with the P&L of the company and make sure that youre reconciling down to what it is that youre calling same-store. The fallacy to me is that, same-store, with and without development in a company that again, is not a commodity-based company, does not have capital in it in terms of the same-store is wrong. I mean, there should be capital and there is many of the assets that we own as possible, because if you believe in us as capital allocators, thats the way you create value in real estate. And so for us, what we are trying to say is start with the whole company. Back out of the company obviously, things that are bought and sold in one period of time. And then also if we are doing our job right, we are impacting both positively and negatively the income stream of significant amount of assets. I wish it were more and we are working on being more that, that may have dislocations in income streams that are caused by development plans to add value to these things, that should be taken out to leave what is effectively the part of the portfolio that is not under that active major redevelopment or development piece of the business. Thats how we run the place. And so whether its helpful to you or not, I dont know. We are still going through the charade of the other metrics that we have been doing for years. So, you will still see that and you can use whatever you want. It cant hurt if we are adding it, right. And hopefully, we can get there too, have more people understand the way we make investment decisions in our properties to create value and not just how many more quarter pounders of cheese we are selling out of this unit this quarter versus the quarter before.
Alexander Goldfarb: Well, given your dividend track record, I think you can  thats probably the most tangible way to see the value creation that you guys have done is the dividends over time and the cash flow that Dan G. referred to earlier. So, thank you for that, Don.
Don Wood: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Christy McElroy of Citi. Your line is open.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, its Michael Bilerman here with Christy. Don, I am just curious whether institutional investors are coming to you to sort of look at the acquisition market, bring in an operator like yourself and be able to take advantage of some of the uncertainty thats in the marketplace. Clearly, overall transaction volumes have declined given a lot of whats happening within the retail sector. And I just dont know whether that has stimulated any larger institutions who may have redlined the sector, whether they start coming to you and saying, you know what, lets figure out if there is some opportunities where we can go out and take advantage of a potential of some of the carnage out there?
Don Wood: Mike, the direct answer to your questions, no, not yet at this point, but its a really good question. What you are really saying is look, there is a real disconnect in terms of this industry, I mean  and it cant stay the way it is that there has to be it seems to me, because of a disconnect too between private and public values, there needs to be with an amount of time, certain people are going to try to exploit those differences. So we are not particularly interested in diverting the attention that we have on our specific business plan today in any meaningful way. There is lots of conversations we have. The specific ones you are talking about, no, not in my notch at this point. We will ask Jeff that same question on the West Coast to make sure I am responding accurately, but whether its that or whether its other ways to exploit effectively public and private valuation differences, got to believe that over the next year, 18 months, 2 years that you are going to see some creative solutions.
Michael Bilerman: What are you hearing from the institutional investors that you are talking to on the private side that have a lot of retail holdings, I guess how are they reacting? I would assume, if anything, if they are performing well in their asset base, however, as best as they can within the environment, they are the first most likely to say, why dont we increase more versus someone who doesnt have exposure that in their mind would want to be to contrarian to start buying in this environment?
Don Wood: Yes. I dont have a lot to add to that, Mike. I havent heard much about it yet at this point, but its an interesting fourth quarter coming in when you think about NAREIT and the conversations that will be happening at NAREIT in just a couple of weeks, when you think about all of that focus as it turns to 2018 and 19 and the shape of some of the balance sheets that are out there, which are fine. But how long does the equity value stay where it is, there has to be some of those conversations, I just doesnt have them yet.
Christy McElroy: Hey, Don. Its Christy again here. And just looking at your comp property POI disclosure and thinking about sort of this new way of thinking about it and I totally get you in terms of incorporating the cost associated with driving that growth. You also provided the CapEx disclosure associated with the comp property pool. Should we be adjusting for that as well in thinking about the costs that are driving this growth?
Don Wood: Yes. What I think you need to do and we are going really try to help with this is build a database on this company, any company that you are thinking about investing and look quarter-after-quarter, because its  look, there is no correlation, there is hardly any correlation between the numbers on the bottom of that sheet in terms of capital and the numbers on top of that sheet in terms of the income it produces, thats obvious, right. We are not selling, which its real estate investment. But after next quarter and the quarter after that and the quarter after that, you are going to be developing a database here. And then we are going to be able to talk about some trends and whats causing X to Y. So to me, this is just the first step in trying to make sure we are not having conversations that the sell side in particular, but also buyers, the buy side are trying to fit into boxes that we dont feel really represents the way we run our business. We are looking for real estate investors that can gather this information over a period of time and make the biggest assessment of all. Are we making any money on the capital investments that we are making? And to me, if you dont start by tying into the base of audited financial statements, its really hard to do that.
Christy McElroy: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, there is no other questions in queue. I will turn it back for closing remarks.
Leah Andress: Thanks, everyone. We have a couple more slots left at NAREIT. Please reach out to me with any last minute requests and we will see you there. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude your program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for your patience. You've joined the Second Quarter 2017 Federal Realty Investment Trust's Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host Ms. Leah Andress. Ma'am, you may begin.
Leah Andress: Thank you. Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G., Dawn Becker, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster and Melissa Solis. They'll be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected earnings or stated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and the supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. These documents are available on our website. Given the number of participants on the call, we kindly ask that you limit your questions to one or two per person during the Q&A portion of the call and if you have additional questions, please feel free to rejoin the queue. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our second quarter results. Don?
Donald Wood: Thanks, Leah. Good morning, everyone. Hope you are all enjoying the summer and hopefully have taken a little bit easy this time of year. I assure you we're not. In an industry that's been under siege at least from an equity valuation standpoint for the last six months in particular, we're performing particularly well and not just measured by plugging holes for today, but most importantly, measured by positioning and investing in tomorrow. So here's a list of seven initiatives that we've been up to that will surely position us well. First, our recently announced, and in our view forward looking, $345 million investment in the partnership of Primestor, Los Angeles-based operator and developer of resale centers serving the underserved and densely populated Latino communities out west. I'll talk more about that in a bit. Second, the decade long creation, expansion and improvement of live, work, shop, play communities at Pike & Rose, Assembly Row and Santana Row. Third, the most active core repositioning program in our 55-year history with planning our construction underway in every state that we have a meaningful presence. Fourth, the investment committee approval to move forward with redeveloping and repurposing CocoWalk for $75 million or so in Greater Miami. Fifth, the $400 million issuance of 10 and 30-year unsecured debt with a weighted average interest rate of 3.6%. Sixth, the sale or near sale of a $120 million of real estate as components of Assembly Row and our San Francisco office building at a weighted average low-to-mid forecast. And seventh, a dividend raise for the 50th year in a row, every year since 1967 to $4 a share; the only REIT in any sector to be able to do so and one of the few companies in any business who have done so. By the way those dividends have grown at a CAGR of 7% over those 50 years. That's pretty amazing. So you take those seven major initiatives, all happening in this retail real estate environment off a base of great quality real estate conservatively capitalized as we report a record earnings quarter of a $1.49 per share, beating consensus and beating the prior year by 5%. That's a lot of stuff going on, much of its short-term dilutive, but all consistent with our mantra of long term increased cash flow and value creation. Of course the retail real estate environment remains tricky, but in our experience it is precisely at times and the sizes [ph] like this that higher quality real estate puts some distance between itself and lower quality portfolios. Dan's going to do the heavy lifting on this call and discussing the quarter. My remarks will focus on the reporting in the context of those seven initiatives. Digging into the reported FFO per share of $1.49, it's comparison to the second quarter of last year and what it means to the rest of the year, really requires an understanding of three competing components. First, the accretion that comes from the beginning of the rent starts and the strong leasing that we've been talking about over the past few quarters, along with meaningful contributions from our accretive capital allocations to development and redevelopment. Second, that accretive earnings positivity is somewhat offset by the loss rent from bankruptcies like Sports Authority and proactive property level with merchandising. That together contributed over $1.5 million in last year's second quarter and a big fat zero to this year's quarter, hence modestly negative same store growth excluding redevelopment. But that's only part of the story. Those same spaces that were causing over $1.5 million of dilution this quarter have been re-leased - they're very nearly re-leased to a far stronger tenant with a far better long term prospect, with new quarterly rental obligations of nearly $2.5 million. Trader Joe's or A.C. Moore at Assembly, Amazon Books for Brooks Brothers at Santana, Burlington for Sports Authority also at Assembly; you get the idea. After considering the capital required to get those deals done, value added exceeds $25 million. The net of those two things, rent starts and new leasing in the core and rent starts in developments and redevelopments, partially offset by old vacancies that have largely been released but are not yet renting are the two primary drivers to our earnings growth this season; both very positive from any real estate focus point of view. The third component that doesn't impact the quarter but that does impact the balance of the year is the delivery of three of our residential developments later in the third quarter and fully in the fourth. Harris [ph] at Pike & Rose, Montage at Assembly Row, and our 105-unit project in Towson, Maryland, on excess land that was part of our White Marsh acquisition some years back, will all be turned over to operations from development later this quarter and create the understandable and unavoidable earnings drag common to a partially leased out building. Leasing has commenced on all three buildings with Pike & Rose preleasing starting out strongest, 60 of 272 units are leased already, hitting and beating effectively our pro forma rent with occupancy beginning in September. Followed by Montage here at Assembly; Towson, which just started preleasing a couple of weeks ago, 30 units and 20 units respectively. Obviously, despite the dilution in the second half of '17 and '18 the expected value creation in those three buildings alone of over $100 million net of capital makes the short-term hit well worth it. I go through this top-down setup of some of the larger dynamics that affect our reported numbers, because in this retail real estate environment it takes a deeper level of analysis to assess the likelihood and extent of future cash flow increases. My comments are meant to make our path here clear and obvious to you. We're getting a lot of leasing done, as Dan will touch on and as our 8-K shows, and our mixed-use developments in shopping center redevelopments are all being done with an eye toward long term relevance. To be able to report and expect to continue to report cash flow and earnings growth, dividend growth, and most importantly, value creation when looking forward to the next three to five years is a strong testament to the demand that the strong majority of our real estate locations exhibit. As well as the open-mindedness and core competencies that we've developed internally to extract additional value from all the different types of real estate that we own. Now in that vein, we all believe internally that from a macro perspective our country is over retail, and supply exceeding demand has never been a good formula for creating higher real estate values. That's why we've never been bigger acquirers of commodity like shopping centers and have basically cherry picked our portfolio on a one or two off basis over the last 50 years. Now some years back we identified the Latino communities in our largest cities as a place where demographics were improving rather dramatically in terms of education, in terms of buying power, in terms of population. But that the mainstream retail offerings that supported that population were far behind, and that those urban populations centers were difficult to find land or redevelop even if retailers wanted to compete in them. Our primary obstacles historically in acting on that reality were internal. We didn't have the expertise in-house to build or serve the Latino community and that we couldn't find enough critical massive credit anchored retail centers to make a difference for a company our size. That changed this year, with our newly formed 90-10 joint venture with Primestor, the 25-year old Los Angles owned - owner and development - developer of premier retail properties serving the urban Latino customer in Southern California and founded by my fellow ICSC Trustee Arturo Sneider and Leandro Tyberg. We announced the closing of our venture in a separate press release couple of days ago, check out Primestor's website at primestor.com and our slide deck available on Federal Realty's website that goes through our investment pieces and rationale as well as an in-depth look at the seven properties that will be part of the venture. The portfolio is home to some of the most productive Ross, TJX and other national retail store in their respective companies. These are big regional shopping centers averaging about 200,000 square feet and comprising over a 100 acres of dense urban land. Jeff Berkes and I are available to answer questions about the prepared remarks and we're just starting to talk about organizing property towards later this year. An anticipation about questions - of questions about price and returns on investment approximately $345 million, $325 million now and $20 million to complete to redevelopment of one of the centers over the next two years. We expect the stabilized properties to yield in the low fives and the property under development Olivo at Mission Hills to yield in year six, when complete in 2019. It will be dilutive this year and next until development is complete and rent is commenced at this target Anchorage [ph] center. We believe rents throughout the portfolio are under market as these assets have over time established themselves as dominant regional shopping centers. Certain yield costs that are not capitalizable along with our open financing strategy will limit earnings accretion this year, so please consider that as you update your models. Primestor is right down in the middle of the play for Federal in terms of our most important business principle of owning and developing retail-based real estate properties that have the best chance for long term cash flow growth and value enhancement. To do that demand has to exceed supply and barriers to entry need to be present to make it difficult for competition to directly change that. This portfolio has those characteristics in state. We'll see - but we also hope to use this platform for future expansion. Now let me turn it over to Dan, to talk about the quarter, before opening up the lines for your questions.
Daniel Guglielmone: Thank you, Don and Leah. And good morning, everyone. Federal had another record quarter for FFO per share in the face of increasing challenging retail environment. Our second quarter FFO per share of $1.49 represents a 5% increase over 2Q 2016 result of $1.42. We had another strong quarter on the leasing front with 432,000 square feet of total leases signed and 398,000 square feet signed on a comparable basis, which drove an average increase of 13% on a cash basis. This represents 18% on new leases and 12% on renewals. On a GAAP basis we put up a 27% increase. Our same store NOI grew 3.9%, which was well ahead of our internal forecast. This is impressive in the face - space of roughly 130 basis points of drag from our value creating releasing efforts that Don alluded to in his remarks as well as drag from a difficult term fee comparable relative to 2Q 2016. Our over overall portfolio stands at 94.5% leased and 93.0% occupied, which is flat with last quarter when you back out the impact of our recent acquisition in Berkeley, California which is just 55% occupied; more on that later. Please note that the 150 basis points spread between our leased and occupied rates at quarter end highlight leases that have been signed or rented as yet to commence and which should enhance growth over the next 12 months. On the anchor leasing front, we continue to make progress working for our excess vacancy. Of the 730,000 square feet of space we initially highlighted in November of 2016, we are up to 70% leased on that pool with releasing spreads at a positive 37%. The leases that are currently under negotiation that lease percentage will rise to north of 80% in the coming months. To highlight some of the activity. Burlington is taking the former Sports Authority space at Assembly Square in Boston next to Trader Joe's, which opens next week. Target taking the former Pathmark space in Parsippany, New Jersey where an 800 - where an $8 million capital improvement in plan is underway, and Michaels who is taking a portion of the old A&P space in Brick, New Jersey, joining the new line up which includes DSW and Opra [ph]. On the development front, Phase 2's at both Pike & Rose and Assembly Row are in the process of opening this quarter. At Pike & Rose, Rose Avenue and the extension of Grand Park Avenue have opened creating greater vehicular access to the property. REI's flagship has opened, Pinstripes opens this coming weekend and H&M, Sahora [ph] and Sur La Table among others are all set to open later in the third quarter. The 272-unit Henry Residential Building is scheduled to open later this quarter with strong preleasing momentum as Don mentioned. The Phase 1 residential units of Palace and PerSei stand at 97% leased and the condos continue to make progress with 34 of 99 under contract and activity picking up meaningfully as we're beginning to get perspective buyers up into the building for hard hat tours. At Assembly Row, the retail openings are in full swing with Colombia Sportswear, Mike's Pastry and the FitRow boutique fitness tenants among others all open. About two-thirds of the projected retail rents are expected to commence by year end. The 447-unit Montage residential building is scheduled to start delivery in September. And on the for sale front, 97 of 107 market rate condos are under contract, that's 91% complete, well above our expectations. As a result, this quarter we began recognizing gains on the sale of these condos under the percentage of completion method, and expect that it will begin closing in the first quarter of 2018. Please note that these gains will not be reflected in FFO. Additionally, during the quarter we closed on the sales of the land under both the Partners' office building and the Avalon Bay Phase 1 parcels with total proceeds of $53.4 million, a blended implied yield - NOI yield of 4.25% and a gain in excess of $15 million. At 700 Santana, construction continues on time and on budget for our 284,000 square foot office building. And you will see in our 8-K, CocoWalk has been added to our redevelopment schedule with a projected incremental cost of approximately $73 million to $77 million, a targeted incremental yields in the 6% to 7% range and an expected stabilization in late 2020 or early 2021. We're about to commence redevelopment on the west side of the property and expect to commence demo on the east side of the property in early 2018. On the acquisition front, as Don highlighted earlier, we invested in a roughly 90-10 joint venture with Primestor Development to own a seven property portfolio totaling 1.3 million square feet located in urban Latino neighborhoods in Los Angeles California. But we also acquired a 90% interest in a 71,000 square foot retail asset located on Fourth Street in Berkeley, California for $22 million. While this asset is only 55% leased, it is located in one of the Bay Area's premier street retail districts and it has significant redevelopment potential over a long-term, which could include other usage. Given the existing vacancy there will be some modest near-term FFO dilution until we lease up the asset. Now with an update on the balance sheet. In late June we were opportunistic in accessing the unsecured bond market issuing $300 million of 10-year notes at a yield of 3.36% and reopening our 2044 notes to issue $100 million at an effective yield of 4.14%. That's $400 million of debt capital at a blended 3.6% rate with a weighted average maturity of the almost 15 years. That issuance lengthened the weighted average maturity of our debt portfolio to a sector leading 11-plus years and brings our weighted average interest rate to 3.95%. It positions us at quarter end with significant liquidity. As our $800 million credit facility was completely undrawn and almost - with almost $100 million of cash on the balance sheet as well. At quarter end our net-debt-to EBITDA remained flat at 5.6 times and the fixed charge coverage sits at an extremely healthy 4.4 times. As we move forward, we will continue to manage our balance sheet conservatively looking to operate over the long-term with leverage metrics in line with our A-minus rating. As a result we will access both the debt and the equity markets opportunistically. We also look to take advantage of the continued strong investment sales market for assets of Federal's quality, and selectively step up our acquisition - our asset disposition activity. In addition to the $53-plus million of dispositions completed so far this year, we expect to have up to an additional $70 million to $100 million sold by year end at a blended pricing which will not be dilutive to FFO. Also note, we forecast that we will generate free cash flow after dividend to maintenance capital of roughly $75 million in 2017. With respect to guidance, we are pleased with our outperformance this quarter, beating our internal projections and consensus by a few cents. Please note this outperformance was fairly broad based with stronger operation's been forecasted from both a revenue and expense perspective as well as failing retailers having less impact on our bottom line than forecasted. Also note that similar to the first quarter a portion of this outperformance is timing related, with respect to demo and other operating expenses pushing into the second half of the year. Roughly $0.01 is projected to be given back later this year. As a result we are increasing our 2017 FFO guidance to $5.86 to $5.94 increasing both ends of the range by $0.01. Additional considerations going into that upward revision are, one, the acceleration of our unsecured debt issuance relative to our forecasted timing of November, plus the fact we raised $100 million more than our forecast will be dilutive by almost $0.01 for the balance of the year. Secondly, we do not expect our recent acquisition activity Primestor and Fourth Street in Berkley combined to be added to FFO for the balance of 2017 due to deal costs over expense on Primestor and the initial dilution from the Fourth Street purchase. As it relates to same store, given another strong quarter, we are slightly modifying our expectations for same store growth in 2017 from about 3% to 3% or better. As you know, this guidance includes redev as this is the way we run our business with redevelopment being a critical and integral part of our operating and investment approach. Please note that we continue to contemplate a refined - and refine a revised approach to same store reporting and we will update you on this effort in the coming quarters. Before we go to Q&A, as I come upon my first anniversary at Federal, like I have done on past calls, I would like to share with you another observation I've made about Federal in what will be the final installment of this series. And that relates to the strength and the breadth of Federal's diversification, which is key to our balanced business strategy. Whether there's diversification by tenant or no tenant is greater than 3% of total revenues or by retail format where we are essentially retail format agnostic with the exception of in closed malls or by market where we operate in nine of the top MSAs in the U.S. Our diversification by tenant category however is something I would like to emphasize further, as managing our exposure to various segments is also central to our strategy. Federal's largest tenant categories by revenue are through discount apparel at 9%, full-service restaurants at 9%, full-priced apparel at only 9%, grocery stands at just 8%; fitness, health and beauty at 8%, office at 8%, residential at 7%; which is heading higher as we deliver Phase 2s at Assembly and Pike & Rose. Home furnishings' at 7%, entertainment at 6%, limited service restaurants in 4%, all the other categories totaled 24% with no single category of up 3%. Balance in our approach has always been a key stone at Federal's business strategy, whether it'd be related to capital allocation, balance sheet management, operational or development initiatives as well as merchandising and tenant exposure. This focus on balance has resulted in Federal not having significant revenue exposure to any one tenant category and positions us to outperform as we approach in more difficult and challenging retail environment moving forward. And with that operator, we can open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Your question please.
Craig Schmidt: Okay, thank you. I guess just big picture. Given many of the changes in the retail real estate environment a concern I often hear is that it can be expensive to accommodate these changes, and I guess, the question is are you seeing the revenues or the rents paid in the position to make these shifts profitable?
Donald Wood: Yes. That's a good question, Craig, and it's something we're on all the time. There is no doubt that that leverage has moved to tenants as we talked to before from landlords. There is also no doubt that we don't do deals - we don't need to do deals effectively that are - that don't make sense in and of themselves, and that's a really important part. When you look at the value creation that we've got, there is no doubt that even though there is more capital going out selectively, because we're not going to invest capital where we don't believe that income stream is going to be sustainable or be maintained. And I will tell you - let me give you one great example. When you look at our numbers this quarter, you will see that - you'll see a renewal that has a lot of capital in it. That is one specific deal on Greenwich Avenue and Greenwich Connecticut for our completely redone and extended lease term with better credit that we were able to enhance in terms of the deal that allowed us to put capital in a completely redone facts or looking to do that. We won't do that until all obviously it's been supported and it works in terms of the agreement that we have. But would we invest on Greenwich Avenue and Connecticut to be able to lockdown that location for the next 20 years, you bet we will. That's different than just say an overall comment of you're going to throw capital at deals - to make deals, because if you do that those deals often don't work. So the selectivity in terms of where it's being spent during this comes - certainly a change in the - in consumer buying habit has to be selectively applied. With great real estate you've got more choices to do or not do it. Without that great real estate it's harder and I believe that's really true. I'm sorry for the long winded answer but I hope that helps.
Craig Schmidt: And just to change it a little on the Primestor operations, the densities that you're going to be dealing with will they be in line or even higher than your portfolio today?
Donald Wood: They'll be higher than the portfolio today.
Craig Schmidt: Fantastic. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill. Your question please.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning. So first question is just going to be the Primestor. Can you just walk us through bit on the sales productivity, the rent upside? And then when you guys are working with Primestor how the relationship is? The press release indicates they're managing it with you guys on the investment committee, but obviously you guys have a lot of capacity on your own. So how you're going to share that responsibility of managing plus the redevelopment?
Daniel Guglielmone: You bet, Alex, and make sure you calling it Primestor, not star. But Jeff Berkes is on the call and I want to make sure that he takes the first shot at this.
Jeff Berkes: Yes. Alex, let's talk about the second part of your question first and how we're going to run this JV. So as is the case in most JV's you have an operating partner and a capital partner and that's generally how this would setup. And as you pointed out we're pretty good operator at shopping centers ourselves. So we've worked something out with Primestor where they're going to be doing management, leasing, development and redevelopment services, and Federal is going to be handling lease documentation and accounting. So that's what the document says. All major decisions have to be approved by the partners and there's perimeters around what those major decisions are, right. That's a pretty traditional setup in a joint venture of this nature. Practically speaking, I think we are going to fit together kind of hand and glove, whether it's me and Arturo on big picture strategic and investment decisions, Juan Felipe [ph] and his asset management team with Primestor's asset manager Elena Chavez, Jeff Kreshek with their leasing person, Seth Bland with their development team. So that's the crew of executives out here at Federal and will be meshing directly with our counterparts at Primestor. And it's going to be a very interactive relationship. It's not going to be a situation where like a typical maybe institutional capital partner talks to their partner once a month or once a quarter and get some reports and makes a couple of decisions and moves on. We expect this to be a very, very active dialogue back and forth between the two of us. So does that cover you on the second part of your question?
Alexander Goldfarb: Yes. But the first part Jeff, is on the sales productivity I assume it's the - it's a typical higher than average and then also what that translates to as far as rent upside.
Jeff Berkes: Yes. I mean if you step back and look at everything big picture, there's a couple of things you need to keep in mind. First is, Primestor was or is the leader of developing high-quality retail space in the types of trade areas that Don mentioned in his remarks, which are very densely populated. Craig, to your question the population density within three miles of a Primestor center north of 300,000 and the Federal center is - it's a little bit less than half of that. So significantly more dense than our portfolio on average.
Donald Wood: And Alex what they had to do to get this going is develop a story for the mainstream retailers, and if you look on Page 10 of the slide deck that we posted on our website their top 10 retailers are listed in there. The same retailers that you would see in our centers, right? And they started doing this literally 25 years ago but in this portfolio a solid 10 to 15 years ago, right? So the retailers that came into these centers got first-mover advantage in terms of rents. And if you look at the box rents in the portfolio the ABR is only 15 and if you look at the overall lands in the portfolio its only 21. And I would say two a box, every box in the portfolio is below market and below market by a pretty good margin. The most recent leases that were done at the redevelopment, two of them start with the two and one of them starts with the three. So that will give you a benchmark as to the spread between the in-place box rents and the market rents in these concentrated areas today, and its significant. Sales productivity, unfortunately, like our portfolio it's not like a mall portfolio where you have 85%, 90% of the tenants reporting. I think 35%, 40% of Primestor's tenants report. And when we look at those volumes and match them up to the volumes for the same tenant in our portfolio that's a very, very good matchup and when you look at the occupancy cost ratios and consider my first comment about where the rents are the occupancy cost ratios, particularly for the anchors and junior anchors are very favorable. We're talking low-to-mid single digits. So does that helps?
Alexander Goldfarb: Yes, that helps. And then just quickly just following up, and then I'll get back in queue. You guys - are you guys paying any management fees to Primestor or that's all part of the cap rate?
Donald Wood: No, we're paying a property management fee. And that's typical in a setup like this. Just like we got paid property management fee as part of our joint venture with Clairon that we formed in 2004 and dissolved in the last couple of years. The operating partner just paid management leasing fees.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Good morning and thanks for taking the questions. Dan, you mentioned the prospect of additional asset sales by year end. Federal has not historically been a seller of assets and with the stock I guess of an NAV discount. But the appetite for high quality product is still pretty robust. Have you guys considered using dispositions as an even larger funding source for your development pipeline or asset purchases in lieu of common equity?
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Now I think it's something that certainly we've stepped up this activity this year. I think this year we expect to achieve the total asset sales we've made over the last five years. We are still constrained by the fact that we have significant gains embedded in our assets, so that gives us a little bit of limitation on how much we can step up that activity without kind of using 1031s to kind of mitigate those gains. However this year, I think we expect to - we have one asset under contract we expect to close as Don alluded to. We've got
Donald Wood: On that contract, just to be to clear to Dan's point, Jeff, that's because we bought River Point earlier in the year, we're able to 1031 into this. So we have a huge gain to the extent this property closes which we expected to. So we are limited by that in terms of creating cash beyond this. But there are some cases that we can cover it and that's what we're working through.
Jeffrey Donnelly: I guess as a follow up. Are there any lack of a better term sacred cows in your portfolio? I mean do you see opportunities to dispose of some assets that might frankly be trophy quality but are fairly low growth and I guess I'm wondering can your 2018 disposition potential exceed what you're planning to do in '17?
Donald Wood: It's great question, Jeff. There are absolutely no sacred cows in this portfolio. But what we do believe I mean this is a handpicked portfolio, one off. And so when it comes to - I hate using the word trophy but to the extent we've built something or created something which we believe is the future, which is a real big part of what you should be thinking about, right, 2022 instead of 2012 out there. We believe in the long-term growth of those assets. It's not because they're sacred cows, it's because we love them is because the future potential on them. So I hope that helps.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christy McElroy of Citi. Your line is open.
Christy McElroy: Hey, good morning. Just a follow up on Jeff's question in regard to asset sales, the $54 million plus another $70 million to $100 million of sales that helps you keep Primestor at an almost leverage neutral basis, it doesn't get you all the way there. How are you thinking about leverage given all the irons in the fire you have in the redevelopment side as well? And just to clarify in the $70 million to $100 million maybe some more color on what you're planning to sell on timing?
Daniel Guglielmone: Well, I think the $70 million to $100 million is inclusive of the West Coast office building that Don alluded to, and we've got another asset or two that are in the market and in the queue. But with regards to - I alluded to it in my remarks and I think we positioned the balance sheet to allow us to be opportunistic with additional issuance of debt and equity. Be opportunistic on the asset sale front, utilize the free cash flow that we'd continue increase and generate in our business. And the A minus rating affords us other opportunities to tap into the capital markets. We'll be opportunistic but we think we've positioned the balance sheet to absorb Primestor I think very, very comfortably.
Donald Wood: Christy, the only thing I would add to that is, if you look at our track record, this whole notion of balance where it's so critical to who we are. So we do equity we don't do big amounts of equity. We do debt deals, a big source of debt in relation to the overall market and even on the asset sales for other reasons. We try to use all the tools in the tool box here. So it's all on the table of course, as we run our business plan including finishing out the Phase 2s of these assets. But you shouldn't expect to see anything that makes us say, oh my god, well - crazily diluted or anything. The choices that we make are balanced, it's just critical to what we do.
Christy McElroy: Got it. And then just Dan, you might have then used 3% or better forecast for same store NOI growth, how should we take that? I think you were previously expecting a deceleration in the second half, has that changed now? How should we think about the trajectory there? And how much of this Splunk lease really contributing to the growth rate?
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. No, I think that given in combination with a lot of the proactive releasing activity that is a drag on our portfolio, I think that we will see some deceleration in the second half of the year but we still feel comfortable that we'll exceed that 3.0% number. And Splunk, over the course of the year, is kind of in that the ballpark of about 200 basis points. But we fully - if you think about the drag that we have of about a 130 basis points on our proactive releasing efforts relative to last year, I think that we felt comfortable, given the first half performance on the same store basis to kind of a give a little bit of increased and modified expectation of 3% or better.
Donald Wood: Christy, I want to add one thing if I can about Splunk. It's important. It's hard if you think about all the irons in the fire and the office stuff that we do, the residential stuff that we do, all the proactive redevelopment. It's hard to kind of put a matrix up and have Federal's numbers on an apples-to-apples basis with every other shopping center company that's out there. You know I don't believe in it in terms of how we look at the over the lines module on same store. But Splunk, the ability to put - you guys, our investors gave us $112 million that we put to work at a nine, and we put that to work here at Santana Row because of all the decade and a half of work that created the environment in the first place to allow that to happen. So I never want to sound or feel anyway apologetic for that investment - actually the investments that we make, and that it's at a stabilized property of ours. And I just want to make sure that when you look at Federal in total it doesn't fit the box exactly of a shopping - a grocery and a shopping center company which we're offering compared to. It sure checks every box in terms of growing cash flow and value creation. That's the only point I want to make.
Christy McElroy: Great. Thanks, Don.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Paul Morgan of Canaccord. Your question please.
Paul Morgan: Hi, and good morning. About the Primestor acquisition and to say that's part of your strategy, I mean how specific is this to the opportunity that you sourced and how would you consider expanding that type of focus in terms of your investments to the rest of Coastal California or South Florida or other markets that have kind of similar kind of stuff markets where there might - those opportunities might exist for you?
Donald Wood: That's a great question, Paul, and I - and let me put it in this context. Our job is to on a risk adjusted basis make investment decisions that give us the best chance to create an increasing stream of cash flow and value creation. And when it comes to thinking about 2022 and not 2012 and you think about the fact that there's a lot of retail in this country that mind you is obsolete in terms of where we are going, not today, where we are going. And when you sit and you think about that and you've got a community that has basically 6.5 square feet of retail space per capita and a ridiculously low number compared to everywhere else in the United States, it's pretty clear to us that the serving of those customers is behind the income generation and the population growth and the education increase that have happened within that population. So sure, we love that. In fact as I said in my prepared remarks, I mean we wanted to do this, I wanted to do this in Miami six or seven or eight years ago. We just couldn't find - first of all, we didn't have the expertise and second of all, we couldn't find enough critical mass. The fact that Primestor has been doing it and getting it to this point over its period of time, and that we can have this relationship with them is really important to the future. And when you think about the high-end mixed used stuff that we have on one side of the company and that's 25% or 30% of the company or so, this part in terms of demographics and density that is so important to us on the other side and growing, yes, I certainly hope we can use this as a platform to increase first in Southern California and then over time we'll see about other markets. But there's clearly more to do in Southern California.
Paul Morgan: Great thanks. And then to my other question, Dan you mentioned going from, I think, it was 70% to over 80% soon in terms of the 730,000 square feet of anchor space. And I was wondering if you give me an update about kind of the cadence of those openings and how much will kind of hit in the fourth quarter versus various points in '18 and into '19?
Donald Wood: Yes. That schedule that we've been handing out does exactly that and it does do exactly that. And actually I'm just buying time for Dan to get out - get that out in front of him. So you can get a pretty good idea as Daniel, if he can kind of layout just in rough numbers how much in balance of '17, how much in '18 and then '19. '19 on those deals - yields are when do you've got most of it in there. But it will be coming up rather strongly through the second half of '18 and that's probably the deal - is the second half of '18 deal, for example, at Assembly.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. And just to go on and in terms of - I think we had talked previously that we would expect kind of the balance of the leasing and - the lease rollover on the latter half of our - the pool of leasing to be done to be lower than the first half. The first 70% was done at 37%. We still expect the lease rollover to be north of 20% on the balance of this based at what we're looking on, and kind of a handful of deals that we expect to sign over the next quarter or two that won't start producing until and rent commencements until later in the year in 2018. We would expect that in the balance of '17 roughly 35% of the prior rent would hit go up to 66% in total for 2018 and then hit a run rate and hit a kind of more stabilized level in 2019.
Paul Morgan: So those newer deals are more consistent with that kind of 20% range than what you've done in?
Daniel Guglielmone: It's probably, yes, more kind of in a - on a blended basis called in a mid-20s as opposed to kind of what we had talked about 15% to 20% previously. So we continue to see on our anchor releasing, strong productivity for that pool that we - that 730,000 foot pool - square foot pool that we talked about last November.
Paul Morgan: Great thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So going back to Primestor, I think you guys mentioned that this might your vehicle to do more deals and - it is vehicle, right, versus wholly-owned on the balance sheet. So just curious why would you choose to use this vehicle versus wholly-owned, and if there is also a promote going back to the GP?
Donald Wood: Yes. Let me start and then Jeff, please feel free to join in. Look the - all the conversations that we've had on this call so far do talk about how it is that we can best execute on a principal that we believe in. The principal that we believe in is clear. Demand exceeding supply in those markets. Now you have to ask how you go get it done, what's the best way to get it done, and we have - personally, we've had little success previous to this in - and as I said in Miami, where this was the specific thing that we've been looking at. And frankly, and let me just jump in for a second, Art Coppola is a great guy to talk to about this at Macerich, I know you're jumping on his call later. Ask him what he thinks about this strategy. Because the issue has always been how to execute under this strategy and to be able to take the work that was done for basically two decades in this space by folks that understand their customer way better than we do. It makes - it's such a risk reducer from a Federal Realty perspective to have a near 90% interest in these real estates - but more importantly this real estate but mostly to have a partner. That is - Primestor is a real company, I mean there's 30-35 people of at that company who are out there every day working at this. We can't duplicate that on our own. And so if you believe you've got something or you've found something where demand exceeds supply, and I think challenge most of the stuff you're talking about in our business over the next five years to give you comfort, that demand will exceed supply. This one is the easiest to do that. And so the execution of it this way gives us the best choice. Jeff, you want to add anything to that?
Jeff Berkes: Yes, I mean - just following up a little bit Don on what you said. Keep in mind that like Don said, Primestor is not two or three guys and a New York [ph] office that just happened to have a few assets and needed some capital, right. They've been around since 1992, 25 years. 30 to 35 people, and they have a material investment in our joint venture going forward. They are committed, as are we, to growing and expanding this strategy in Latino community in Southern California and hopefully beyond that and other markets where we operate, provided we're able to find the kind of trade areas like we have here in Southern California where demand exceeds supply. That's what it's all about, that's what we intend to do. And it's important to know that because a lot of times when you hear about joint ventures where read or some other institution is coming in with an operating partner, the operating partner is just that. It's a handful of people that don't really have a real investment in the deal and that don't have the unique skill set and Primestor certainly does. This is not something that really we or anybody else that's like us could go and then do. It's taken them years to develop relationships with the communities that they operate in and the tenants - to help the tenants understand that they can come into these centers and be very productive and make money and that's very valuable. And without them
Donald Wood: And to promote what we are doing.
Jeff Berkes: To promote, yes, there's a promote. It's a backend promote and it's over an IR hurdle just like again a traditional joint venture structure.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And before I get to my second question, I've realized you guys definitely deserve the market credit for using your capital correctly on kind of a risk-adjusted basis for a TI usage. But I'm looking at Page 25 in your supplemental and your new lease deals. If I look at deals in the fourth quarter of '16 and third quarter of '16, they were cash flow accretive deals, meaning the rent increase you got offset the annual full-in CapEx that you were spending. But if look at the couple of deals this first half and in second quarter, first quarter, it looks like the TIs you're spending were above the annual rent increases. Obviously this is not meant to be a gotcha question just curious to see what was happening there.
Donald Wood: Well, I'm going to - Dan's looking at the schedule particularly, but let me give you the overall answer to that, Ki Bin. When you look at the deals we do and a bunch of these deals are in properties that we're redeveloping because that's just part of what we do. One of the things that I've always had an issue with and that we're trying to figure out in our reporting is how this works out with the redevelopment schedule. Because overall, when we're doing deals in a redeveloped shopping center or a shopping center that we're trying to redevelop, I can tell you that the capital that is going into any particular deal works within the overall investment committee approved budget of that overall shopping center redevelopment. Are there deals that we will do to effectively - subsidize deals that effectively get other things done in that redevelopment, sure there are. But overall, that when you look at the value creation in that redevelopment the capital in there works. Now how to translate that to the specific 8-K and what it says, I got to turn it to Dan and let - because I don't have to add anything to it. But that is the single biggest thing and I love that you're looking at capital. I think you should look at it all the way around and I think you do. If you come back - if you come down and we kind of go through some of those redevelopment economics you'll see what I mean pretty clearly.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Sakwa of Evercore ISI. Your question please.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. I guess just two quick ones here. Maybe just to kind of bring the discussion back to the core portfolio. Don, could you or Chris maybe just discuss kind of what you are seeing in the overall leasing environment and maybe if you guys have looked at a kind of watch list or have a running watch list how would you say that that watch list of tenants sort of stacks up today versus maybe six to 12 months ago?
Donald Wood: Yes, I'll start on that and Chris is here and will add to it certainly. I mean look when I look at it there is no doubt I still worry about a senior [ph] more than anybody. That's the single biggest tenant that I look at and try to figure out what's going to happen with them, how they're going to remain relevant and pay rents and stay in deals. That is a six months certainly - six-month tenant that's impactful. Overall, it's about - it feels like all of the concern with respect to the environment that was really at its peak I guess it's really the end of the first quarter and in that period of time hasn't changed much in the past 90 days, from what we could tell. When we're looking at our perspective bad debt, when we're looking at some of our outperformance has been because things that we thought would go wrong have not, yet to this point. Will it come in the future? Sure. It's our watch list, it's our worry about the business which is why it's so important to make sure you've got visibility on cash flow growth wherever it's coming going forward. But I don't see it over the last 90 days as a very different, actually a little bit better than maybe the overall worry, but it's there. Chris, you want to add to that?
Christopher Weilminster: Yes, I would just say that where we do get sales info we certainly pay attention to the rent of sales ratios and keep an eye on it. I think in general when we match that up against what you can find on this companies on a public basis or reported basis, we're in fairly good shape from that standpoint and where we do see those issues I can tell you we are very proactive in our releasing efforts to be prepared when they go down. As far as Steve, is the activity in the market I mean we are seeing a lot of good activity in the market. We are seeing in bulk category, the entertainment category, the arts & crafts category, cosmetics and programs, fast fashion. Target certainly is out there still looking at doing these smaller deals and the Total Wine is growing in a big way. The at leisure apparel whether its Lulu, Atheleta or Nike or Under Armor, all of those categories are growing. So we are finding the replacements. They may not be the ones that looked at in the past but we are finding lots of replacement tenants that lease to move being value added to the merchandize mix in our properties. And then the other thing we're keeping our eye on as the - as you do and you guys have a much better sense based on the mall related rents sales ratios, as these retailers that are mall based say, I can't afford to continuing to operate those high rents sales ratios, we are actually starting to receive phone calls than what have been traditionally mall-based retailers say, Hey, Federal, I want to earn more value portfolio and the opportunities are for us. So overall even though as Don talked about and as we clearly acknowledge the retail world right now is very unpredictable, we do and are mining grade opportunities to back fill our assets in a way that I think is improving what we offer to the communities we serve.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And I guess just second question. Don, when your sort of look at the Primestor portfolio and the growth, I mean I guess you guys have historically been very good about finding little jewel box assets you can add to the portfolio that have generally had equal or maybe better long-term growth. How do you sort of look at the growth of the Primestor portfolio over the next say five years? I know Jeff talked about getting some of those boxes back at higher rents. And then what do you think the opportunity is to deploy more capital with this JV partner over the next say three to five years?
Donald Wood: Yes. So well first of all, we closed - let me take it from the end to the - so and we closed this morning or last night. So figuring out how our relationship's going to work and what that turns out to be, its early. Obviously, you always start out with big hopes and also we are going to make sure that we've done everything we can to let that happen. But we know - I mean the relationship that Jeff has with Arturo, that I have with Arturo - and that company, we've had a lot of discussion. We've been talking about this for a long time with respect to this is the opening day. This is the last day. So there is no doubt that with respect to the existing portfolio I think Jeff has - I mean it's obvious that the rents are under market, it's also obviously that they're long-term leases. And so the idea that immediately there's going to be a big pickup in the rent growth as a result the of big pieces in the portfolio that's not the case. This is longer term in terms of that. But the notion that we are right away working together to see where else we can exploit this notion of serving customers that are underserved that's starts now. So I am hopeful that you'll see us grow this portfolio over the next few years. And it probably won't be outside of Los Angeles for the first couple of years anyway. And then to the extent going away we hope it's going, maybe there's something we can do in other markets with this team. It's a real team. I mean this is a real strategic add to Federal Realty's arsenal. The five-tool player thing maybe it's a six-tool. Jeff, you want to add?
Jeff Berkes: I think you covered it pretty well, Don. The growth on our underwriting is not - is similar from our existing portfolio comparing on how you look at it or over what period of time you look at it, it's kind of mid-two to three without giving any space back early. And without maybe tweaking around the edges on some of the assets and adding a pad here and there or acquiring an adjacent property. So I'd call it again, right now down in the middle of the play in terms out backs up from annual NOI growth perspective to the rest of our portfolio.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, thanks. That's it for me.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nick Yulico of UBS. Your line is open.
Nicholas Yulico: Thanks. Just a couple on Primestor. First, was this a marketed deal?
Jeff Berkes: It was, but in a different way that we ended up executing it is probably the best way to say it. They came to the market with an advisor to a select group of people and what they were looking for really didn't work or fit for our needs, and we were able to craft a bigger relationship with them out of the discussion and ended up where we ended up.
Nicholas Yulico: Okay. Yes, I'm just wondering also what other types of buyers may have involved in the bidding process here, just sort of curious?
Jeff Berkes: Yes, I would say the usual suspects. I would imagine that their advisor did a good job of talking to other institutions and possibly other REITS, and what you would expect in this kind of process, right.
Nicholas Yulico: Okay. And I guess
Donald Wood: Let me just add one thing to that. Primestor had a lot to say here in terms of who they wanted to marry up with because we basically took out cap serves in terms of the money to in the biggest way. And so the idea of who they were going to partner with was going to be where was their shared vision, where was there something more than just a money partner who was going to put this together and be able to see things in terms of the way we see merchandising communities and where we're at we're adding value. So I think there was a common ground early on in our negotiations with the Primestor team that was important.
Nicholas Yulico: Okay. And just one last Primestor question. How much is left at Primestor that you would be interested in buying or is there other California land they own that would be development opportunities, and I'm also just wondering if you have any source of rights of first offer on any future properties Primestor is looking to sell?
Jeff Berkes: Yes, to take the last part of the question first. We definitely have priority on new investments, again, that's a pretty typical feature in any joint venture. In terms of what they have in the portfolio right now that didn't come along with us, I think for the most part we got license that we got - we were able to invest in what we wanted to invest in.
Nicholas Yulico: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Floris van Dijkum of Boenning. Your line is open.
Floris van Dijkum: Great, thanks guys. I wanted to follow up on the comment Dan made about the way that your tenant base is mixed up or mixed I should say not mixed up, and how that - how has that changed over the last five years? Have you seen increases in food and entertainment for example, and decreases in apparel, I'd be curious to get your take on that obviously. The malls are rapidly changing as well.
Donald Wood: It's a great question, Floris. I mean look the idea of our overall investments in our properties and what we're trying to do to make them as relevant and that is such a word, man, that's the word, relevant five years from now. We kind of - everything we kind of do is look forward five and look back five. And when you think about the difference between back five and 2012 in terms of where the prospects future are and forward five to 2022 they're very different. So obviously we want to use retail. But the reason we use retail as the center piece is because that is how we get gatherings of human beings to experience life. So whether that is in a grocery anchored shopping center that is - in very most of in our cases the best center in that market or whether it's a big mixed used project or whether it's in a Primestor asset frankly, what we are talking about is the merchandizing that is going to be sustainable relevant five years from now. So you bet, you've obviously seen because of the mixed used form of our business, the increase in our residential income stream and the increase in our office rent income stream. So that starts out as 15% of our income stream between the two at this point, and yes, that is - that continues to grow. But you do see additions to entertainment, the right type of food uses, there hasn't been an increase in our grocery business in any significant way. There's been redevelopment and bettering of the ones that are there, there's been investments that way, but not in the overall income stream. That is 8% that has been about 8% more before we had the residential and the office component throughout the company obviously. And when you get down to health and beauty, there is no question. We've made the specific effort to increase health and beauty and fitness as a component. And it all ties in to where we see the world going in 2022 in the particular markets that we're in. So I hope that helps.
Floris van Dijkum: Thanks, Don. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly of wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Hey guys just two quick follow ups. One, I think Dan, you had said that the drag on same store NOI in the quarter was about a 150 basis points from the managed vacancy. Is that a similar pace that you maybe expect in Q3 and Q4 this year?
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. And I think it should - it may moderate a little bit as some of the proactive releasing the tenants take occupancy and start rent pay. So it should stay healthy but it should moderate as Trader Joe's is opening here at Assembly, kind of this month, and so, we would expect obviously that would reduce the amount of drag for the third quarter. But it still will impact kind of the balance of the year generally, but it should kind of diminish over the third quarter and further on the fourth quarter as tenants open.
Jeffrey Donnelly: And on CocoWalk, I'm just curious as you move towards I guess the getting demolishing work at that property, how should we think about maybe the dilution that could hit FFO in 2018 from that?
Donald Wood: Yes. It's a real good question. I'm looking at over a bit. I want to make sure that doesn't get lost. I don't want everybody to supply numbers because we do have dilutive value creative of things. The demolition will basically be done in the first quarter of 2018, that goes the right to the P&L. Number, rough, pick a number out of your head. I'm looking at - there's all kinds of things happening. I mean that's $0.015. So that's the start. That doesn't include the fact that tenants that were paying rent will no longer be paying rent while we work it through. So that's - I don't know if you want to use two cents on that enough, but you got two cents sometime certainly in that on CocoWalk in 2018.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Ms. Andress for any closing remarks. Ma'am?
Leah Andress: Thanks for joining us today. Have a great rest of summer and we look forward to seeing you this fall. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, to this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Leah Andress. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Leah Andress: Thank you. Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G., Dawn Becker, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected earnings or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and the supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. These documents are available on our website at www.federalrealty.com. (Operator Instructions) And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our first quarter results. Don?
Donald Wood: Thanks, Leah, and good morning, everyone. Another real solid quarter for us, with FFO per share of $1.45, 5% higher than last year's strong quarter. So this is a tough comp for and above our internal expectations also. Due somewhat due to the timing of quarterly expenses, particularly demolition of properties to be redeveloped, those will hit later in the year. But also due to less vacancy than expected and low snow removal in Philly and the Mid-Atlantic regions. Now there has been so much talk about the state of retail real estate in the past few months and I'll leave it up to the experts to who determine whether evaluations has overcorrected. Clearly, as of today, the short-sellers are winning. But I do want to make some observations about the environment that we're operating in. First of all, there's plenty of leasing that's getting done, we're doing a ton. In the latest quarter, we did 102 deals for more than 1.5 million feet of space, more in terms of both the number of deals and square footage leased since second quarter of 2014, 10 quarters ago. I've personally never been more convinced that the benefit of the highest quality real estate locations and products particularly in difficult times than I am today. But all the space that's either on the market today are believed to be coming to market, it clearly moves leasing leverage the tenant from the landlord in many situations in many situations. That shift manifest itself in negotiations that hurts in three ways, more tenant capital, more favorable deal terms for the tenant, and more timing to get the deals done. Not the end of the world by any stretch of the imagination, they certainly make the economic sense to do, but helpful nonetheless. The combination of strength of location and strength of balance sheet together make for a huge, that's right, huge, advantage in an environment like this. So let's talk about the quarter from that. Same-store property operating income rose 4.3%, including redevelopment in the quarter, which is the way we run our business as redevelopment of existing properties is such an integral part, an important part and a big important part of what we do. Rent start from splunk certainly helps as their strong growth at Melville Mall, Power Shops and Congressional Plaza. The overall portfolio was 94.6% leased versus 94.4% at year-end, and 94.1% last year's first quarter, to gain of 20 and 50 basis points, respectively. Note that we ended the quarter at 94.6% leased, though only 93.1% occupied, indicative of the signed deals for which rents is yet to start but that's good for later in the year and for 2018. Also, we continue to work through the excess anchor vacancies that we spoke about over the last 2 quarters. Of the 730,000 square feet of total anchor vacancy that we first talk about in November of last year, we're now over 50% leased of that pool, with the income from many of those deals scheduled to start later in '17 and 2018. Rent from new tenants exceeds rent from former tenants by 36% on those deals. Our team is working diligently on our anchor vacancy lease-up initiative to bring us back to a more normalized level, around 98%, and we're almost there with the anchor portfolio now at -- the anchor portfolio is now 97% leased. We'll have the updated detailed anchor vacancy schedule, including the timing of rent start, available at NAREIT in June. In addition, we expect to have last 2 Sports Authority boxes released as part of the redevelopment of both Brook Plaza and Assembly Square, the marketplace portion soon. In our development pipeline, continued construction progress is at the stage where all Phase 2 buildings at both Assembly and Pike & Roses are topped off, with the majority of work going on in the interiors. A higher construction cost estimate at Assembly is largely indicative of how higher leasing capital required there that's more than paid for with commensurate rental income. Preleasing preparation and marketing for the late summer residential movements is underway in earnest in both Assembly and Pike & Rose, and condo sales have picked up at both properties also. The occupancy there will begin in 2018. Please remember how dilutive the residential lease-up period would be at both properties beginning next quarter, but certainly works the value that's being created. 78 of the 107 market rent rate condos are under binding contract at the Assembly, and 27 of the 99 are under binding contract at Pike & Rose. CocoWalk came to investment committee and the Board just yesterday, and we're going to go forward with its redevelopment subject to finalizing the GNP contract shortly. We expect to add to the redevelopment schedule next quarter, but expect the $73 million to $78 million project. Darien shopping center's redevelopment is up next later in the year, we'll be talking about that. We're still working through the Sunset Place entitlements, 700 Santana Row construction continues. Core belief in all of this stuff throughout our company is that investment and great real estate is increasingly necessary to position it for relevance in the next decade and we have a lot to do. In terms of restocking our shelves with raw material for development in the coming years, the first quarter was productive with the February closing of Hastings Ranch in Pasadena, California, we've discussed it on our February call; and the March closing of Riverpoint Center in Chicago. We signed a press release a couple of weeks ago about that acquisition on 17 acres on the western edge of Lincoln Park. And except for the fact that it's the first acquisition we've made in Chicago over 20 years, it's right down the middle of the plate for the type of stuff we look for. It's very infill, it's very unattractive as it currently sits, other anchor markets with limited term and a big piece of land that's subdividable. Chicago [indiscernible] as opposed to Chicagoland suburbs has been a magnet for the continued trend for the organization and most major cities in the U.S. are experiencing. Nowhere in the country had the trends that's more pronounced than Chicago where [indiscernible] companies have moved headquarters since 2008, ConAgra, Google, Kraft Heinz, Motorola, even McDonald's is moving in. Those 17 acres on the Chicago River and Lincoln Park can only get more valuable in our view. And it looks like we may not be done with the acquisition this year. I can't fill in all the details yet because deals aren't fully negotiated. But the reasons I'm bringing it up on this call is twofold. First, with all the handwringing and remind [indiscernible] concern for the fast-changing consumer shopping and behavioral patterns that we're witnessing, we are firmly demonstrating our commitment to the future of great quality real estate. Over the past 20 years that I've been at Federal, there has simply never been a time, never, not 2007, not 2009, not today, where our poor quality real estate outperformed our better assets. Never. For us, great quality has simply defined as locations and the product on them where retailers, residents, office workers and shoppers want to be and will pay up to be there. In short, where demand exceeds supply. In our view, the future locations like that look better than ever. Secondly, because uncertain times like these sometimes provide that final push to convince sellers to part with long-held properties. The property is well located, desirable and has redevelopment possibilities, cap rates remained extremely low as they always do at times like this, but the mere availability is a huge opportunity. The strength of our balance sheet left us to selectively exploit those opportunities. Now [indiscernible] and a personal note, we'll be losing Jeff Mooallem as our Senior Vice President, running the core portfolio as he takes on the CE role -- of the CEO role of a new venture with long-time veteran [indiscernible]. Just a good man who's done a terrific job of setting up our decentralized core over the past couple of years, and I wish him all of the best in the top job he's taken. As most of you know, our bench is deep and I'm thrilled to replace Jeff with 15-year Federal Realty veteran and Senior Vice President, Wendy Cyr. Wendy previously ran leasing for the core with Jeff, is widely respected both inside our company and most assuredly, outside by peeries, brokers and tenants nationwide. Asset management, core leasing and tenant coordination were for important to her. Many of you already know Wendy, but she will be more visible to you in the quarters and years ahead. That's it for my prepared remarks, we've got a lot going on around here and a huge investment in our future. Over $600 million of construction in progress on the balance sheet, in the right type of products for a future with some of the best piece of the real estate and some of the best markets in the country. We're surely will never take for granted the balance sheet that's been set up over the last few years that provides exactly the flexibility and cushion when things don't go exactly as planned. Let me turn it over now to Dan before opening up the lines to your questions.
Daniel Guglielmone: Thank you, Don and Leah, and hello, everyone. As Don, we'd another strong quarter despite the increasing headwinds facing the retail sector overall due largely to a very active quarter on the leasing front, with 592,000 square feet of total leases signed and 524,000 square feet signed on a comparable basis. For comparable results, we drove an average increase of 11% on a cash basis and 23% on a GAAP basis. The 11% on the cash basis and that's 11.49% to be precise is in line with our expectations. The breakdown for the quarter was 17% on new leases and 5% on renewals. Our same-store NOI grew 4.3% despite a drag of roughly 70 basis points from lower term fees, with only $300,000 of same-store term fees during the quarter versus $1.1 million in the first quarter of 2016. This 4.3% is also impressive given the impact of our proactive releasing efforts. If you recall on last quarter's call, I highlighted a few examples of our proactively leasing activity, which would negatively impact near-term operating metrics. On Third Street Promenade in Santa Monica, where Adidas will replace Express, switching out A.C. Moore for Trader Joe's at Assembly Square up in Boston; and at Santana Row where we traded Bay Club Fitness for Broad Soft. All 3 deals were at meaningfully -- meaningful increases to previous rents, add to that the recently publicized deal at Santana Row to bring in Amazon Books, in place Brooks Brothers. Those 4 leased deals alone represent over 50 basis points of negative impact on our first quarter same-store growth metrics, as well as 30 basis points in occupancy drag, both represent $18 million to $20 million of value creation where you consider the increased rents, impact on real estate value after deducting capital. That's $18 million to $20 million value creation through 4 leases. Clearly a trade-off we would make every time from short-term dilution versus long-term value creation perspective. Plus, the benefits of significantly upgrading our tenant mix further solidifies these properties for the future. Also creating drag in our same-store pool are the activities of our 2 South Florida properties, CocoWalk and Sunset Place, which we intend to significantly redevelop in the coming years. For example, during the first quarter, Sunset Place produced a drag of 30 basis points on our same-store growth, drag we fully expected and underwrote when we acquired the asset in 2015. As we prepare to execute on these extensive redevelopments over the coming years, occupancy and NOI are forecasted to decrease meaningfully as we care down and rebuild significant portions of the existing structures. As a result, as we get to a late 2017, early 2018, we will begin to provide occupancy and other operating metrics with and without CocoWalk and Sunset to better isolate the performance of our portfolio. Now on to Assembly and Pike & Rose. As we highlighted last quarter, Assembly Rows Phase 1 is fully stabilized. Pike & Rose Phase 1 continues to make progress with Dallas and PerSei being 96% and 97% leased, respectively, and the office being 100% leased at quarter end. The property overall continues to be on track to deliver 75% of projected stabilized POI in 2017, in line with our guidance. On a tax co redevelopment side, we continue to find the opportunities to redevelop our core portfolio, creating value and positioning our centers to outperform in their respective markets. Two new projects have been added to our redevelopment schedule in the 8-K. At [indiscernible] and Richmond, where we are demolishing small shop and anchor space and relocating another anchor to accommodate Dick Sporting Goods at the property in a new free cut 9,000 square foot store; and at [indiscernible] Mall outside of Princeton, where we acquired an office building adjacent to the center and are redeveloping the property for retail use. With respect to AFFO for the quarter, it increased 8.4% over 2016. FFO per share was $1.45, which represent the 5.1% increase over the first quarter in 2016 and is $0.02 above both our internal projections and consensus. As Don mentioned, this was largely due to the timing of demolition expense between the first and second quarters, which roughly was $0.01 as well as forecasting higher tenant bankruptcy that actually occurred during the quarter, with our portfolio so far having minimal exposure to many of the troubled retail names declaring bankruptcy so far in 2017. This, coupled with lower removal expense, represented another $0.01. On this point, let me highlight them. We have no Eastern Mountain, no Gander Mountain or no Gordon, no Family Christian, Route 21, Limited or Gas, no American Apparel, Wetseal or Crocs, we have only one [indiscernible] and the rent is well below market. So it's unclear if we can even get that back. Only 2 BCBG's, one of which we presently expect than to keep open and another we have already backfilled. Just 1 BBN and 2 RadioShack and only one of our 6 Payless is currently on their closure list. Plus, our total exposure to Payless is just 0.11% of total revenues, although we do have 3 [indiscernible] locations, which closed the last week. Of what we know today in terms of closures from those tenants, it represents just 0.1% -- 0.16% of total revenues and our total exposure to those tenants is just 0.44% of total revenues. While we forecast to give back part of this outperformance over the balance of the year as the delayed demo commences this quarter and the challenging retail environment continues, we are revising upwards our 2017 FFO guidance to $5.85 and $5.93, increasing the bottom end of our guidance range by $0.02 to $5.85. This is being driven largely by our recent acquisition activity with the combination of our acquisitions of Hastings Ranch in Pasadena, and Riverpoint Center in Chicago, getting about $0.015 of gear with Hastings Ranch providing an NOI yield in the low 6s and Riverpoint in the mid- to upper-4s. Please note, we left the upper end of the range unchanged at $5.93 given the uncertainty still facing the retail sector and remain cautious on our forecasting for the remainder of the year. Despite the strong first quarter, we still expect same-store growth with redevelopment for 2017 to be around 3%. Second quarter is not expected to be as strong given the difficult comparable relative to 2016. Now with an update on the balance sheet. We had $217 million outstanding on our $800 million credit at quarter end, driven in part by our acquisition of Riverpoint on the last day of the quarter. Our the credit facility is the only floating rate exposure we have. Our weighted average maturity remains an industry-leading 10-plus years and our weighted average interest rate is now at 3.9%. Our debt-to-EBITDA is at 5.6 and our interest coverage ratio remains very healthy at 4.5x. Before we turn the call over for your questions, I would like to share with you another discovery we've made at Federal since joining late last summer. During our Board meeting earlier in the week, we took a look back over 15 years to review how Federal has performed during some of the previous difficult cycles in retail, and again came away extremely impressed by the resiliency of Federal's portfolio as well as the performance of the company as a whole. We compiled numbers for report publicly every quarter under 1 sheet showing FFO, FFO per share and same-store growth quarterly over the 15-year period. And the performance is remarkable, particularly when you consider that the great recession occurred in the middle. Remind me to show it to you next time we are together. For many of you that will be at NAREIT next month, Leah tells me there are a few slots still available given we have 3 schedules running as Jeff Berkes will join me and Don at the Hilton in New York. And with that, operator, you can open up the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Dan, I guess, if I could just stick with you on sort of the source of the newses. Can you just walk us through how you're seeing that for the remainder of this year? Just I was thinking between development spending and debt obligations on the horizon that it might command a lot of your cash flow this year and I'm wondering whether it intensified any of these asset sales or equity issuance or due to some cash at refinancing?
Daniel Guglielmone: Well, from where we stand right now, I think we have about $206 million of -- or $217 million of mortgages, which we'll refinance at the property level. So that's any of the near-term debt maturities that we have. With respect to our development spend for the remainder of the year, it stands at around $300 million roughly. We will utilize our free cash flow, which is projected to be in the $70 million to $75 million range for the year, as well as we do have some assets under consideration for sale currently. And I think we'll look to be opportunistic with regards to issuance of equity as necessary. But I think that, that is generally how the rest of the year lays out.
Jeffrey Donnelly: And maybe just a follow-up, I recognize you guys aren't here to give us guidance on 2018. But current consensus estimates for this year about 4% FFO growth and next year, it accelerates a little bit about 6.5%. I recognize you have some major developments opening, with also some capitalize costs coming into the mix. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about given this current retail environment, is there sort of a chance? Or how we should be thinking about maybe a slow down or a slow wing of stabilization on some of those new development assets? And just how that can kind of flow through your FFO grow into '18?
Donald Wood: That's a good question, Jeff. When I sit back, we think of it in 2 kind of buckets. The same-store portfolio and when I say same-store I certainly mean, redevelopment I mean, the stuff that we do day in and day out. And then the hedge is to create a value and not only is that obviously that Pike & Rose and Assembly and also CocoWalk, [indiscernible], there's a whole bunch of other smaller initiatives that fit in there. I'd like to break those things out going forward, and Dan and Melissa and I are talking about that to be able to show kind of the base case the wheel of the company and then what those other initiatives are doing. And the reality is as we've been saying for a couple of quarters, you've got dilution in the period of time that we're talking about, the end of '17 and into '18 from building those things and doing those. Frankly, more confident than ever before, even given the current environment, Jeff, that what's happening with the type of product that we're building, that we're doing is being accepted. So this bifurcation if you will between the have and have nots, be it quality real estate, it gives [indiscernible] becoming more pronounced to tell you the truth. And so as long as we do a good job disclosing and showing the difference between kind of the base portfolio and the other initiatives, I think you'll like what you'll see. And the reason I'd say that is, I don't know whether because of that some level of unpredictability, if you will, is how Henry leads us up, Montage leases up, et cetera, being as precise as we'd like to be for 2018 is not possible. But when you bifurcate it between the stuff that's more predictable and the stuff that's longer-term value creative, it will give you the tools to decide what you think about the value is being value creative and that's the most important thing that we want to do to improve our disclosure that way. So I'm not just -- I'm not being pinned down, if you will, to a specific number, which is really hard to do at this point in time. But the value creation part of it is, frankly, easier to see than it's ever been before.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nick Yulico with UBS.
Nicholas Yulico: Could you just's talk about, you put the new, I apologize I joined a little late, you put the new details in the credit quality of the tenants, the credit ratings of the tenants, which was helpful. Do you have any historical perspective you'd be able to provide on how you think that's been trending over the last 5, 10 years?
Donald Wood: Well, it's plenty of asset because I do think that Dan was referring to in his prepared remarks with respect to the 15-year history, we've got some pretty good stuff behind that. That kind of shows, historically, what has happened as tenants go out, how they are, what's happening after releasing of that. And I've been talking to Dawn Decker, who's been here in the middle of that for the longest period of time. And we are putting together some analysis probably I have on the phone for you today. But Dan's comment, coupled with mine about over that period of time, 10 years, 5 years, 15 years, it's really clear how better quality properties perform in terms of being released and turning over rather than poor quality properties. And we're breaking that up and kind of looking that internally at ourselves a lot, and that's why I said what I said that. Maybe by the time we get to NAREIT, we'll be share some of that. But you will see a bifurcation between great assets and the not-so-great.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine McElroy with Citi.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Katie McAnon [ph] for Christy. Can you provide a little more color on what you're seeing on the demand side to the backhaul space today? And how much of a crossover are you seeing as far as more traditional mall-based tenants looking for space in open air centers today and vice versa?
Donald Wood: Yes. Well, let me start, Chris, you're going to do the second part of this. The first part with respect to backfilling and the demand is, I think pretty well represented by this anchor sheet that you have all seen before, and we'll see again in terms of that 730,000 feet of anchor vacancy that we had. Do I wish it were back in the day when there were 3 and 4 tenants competing for every space? You bet I do, that is no longer the case in my conversation about the leverage that has moved 2 tenants from landlord is spatial. Having said that, as you can see if you own the great -- if you own well-positioned, great quality assets, demand is strong. And I think we're demonstrating that clearly with the empirical data with the announcement of leasing that we're doing. Deals are not as good and that -- I hate that. And that's what happens cyclically throughout our business, but demand remains strong.
Christopher Weilminster: I agree with everything Don said. What I would add is I think that's a great example of a tenant we've secured 2 deals with, one has opened at Santana Row and the other one we've announced for Pike & Rose and that's Sephora, which is traditionally been a pure mall-related retailer, they see that there's a core customer that is not shopping at the malls. And as they open up Santana Row, it had no impact at all on what was going on, on the Daly Mall. So I do think that, that test will turn into a more opportunity for well-located real estate that matches up with the attributes that our portfolio has. And so we look forward to having more of those conversations and we would at other mall-related retailers as they look for growth opportunities.
Donald Wood: I think the thing that Chris is saying that it's an important point that retailers are less discerning as to the format that they're going into, whether it's a mall or whether it's opening or we're something in between. It's about where they think, they are more open-minded because they have more leverage too. They're more open-minded about where they will go to and that's why we're having success in the locations that we are in pooling malls tenants, but also pooling other types of the dwindling number of boxed tenants, et cetera, that come fill our properties.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Morgan with Canaccord.
Paul Morgan: I think you said that the spread on the released anchor space, was it 36% for the GOC, Don, which is I think around kind of where you had, in your prior presentations, what that had been. Any color on kind of whether there's been movement since kind of the past disclosure? You talked about roll over on the remaining square feet being more in the 15% to 20% level. Does this happen been a lot of new deals since that time? Or those that you have done have been a little bit better than what you were looking at?
Donald Wood: Yes, it's interesting, Paul. There hasn't been change at all in terms of what it is that we had told you and what we're expecting, although it depends on which deals, obviously. And you have to remember the big schedule that showed kind of what they are, we added this quarter a couple of deals that we're on, which included A.C. Moore. It included a fitness company that got took out Hancock Fabrics space of Westlake. We previously talked about Total Wine that was this year, but it was announced last time. Those deals were in line with what we thought it would be and they tie down into that 36%. As I look at all the remaining anchor space, I think I told you one time the implied role of the remainder was about 19%. The schedule I'll show you today shows that at 21%. Now these are small, little differences when you're talking about this amount of space. But it does all -- much of this is happening, the stuff that's taking the time particularly is happening in products, which are under redevelopment. And that's a real positive thing from a standpoint of retailer looking to what's going to invest -- where it's going to invest his capital today.
Paul Morgan: Great. I know there's lots of kind of puts and takes going on in same-store number. It sounds like Q2 will be lighter than Q1 based on what you know now. Do you have any color on kind of how you expect the cadence to look as you head into the back half of the year? Obviously, I think the comps are going to start to get easier, but any other stuff you know in terms of openings coming in and how that will impact the number.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. No, I think that with the demo expense lighting from first quarter into second quarter and with a tough comp in the second quarter from a lease termination fee perspective, we're expecting second quarter to be lower than our first quarter same-store. I think that our proactive leasing activity is going to continue to put some pressure on our occupancy levels. And I think that we're making good progress leasing rates are increasing. However, occupancy is going to tread water for probably at current levels through the middle 2 quarters and probably look to tick up towards the end of the year. So but that's why we're keeping our same-store number kind of when you look and see and are proceeding with caution from a forecasting perspective, we're maintaining our 3% same-store growth forecast for the balance of the year.
Donald Wood: But you know, Paul, this is my particular [indiscernible] in terms of these numbers what we are absolutely going to do is to enhance our disclosure. That shows, that gives you a very clear reason, very clear understanding of what's bringing same-store up and what bring same-store down. And we haven't worked that through, it's just in this quarter close, as I've said to Dan, he said to me, we've got to talk about this, we got to talk about that, but there should be a graphical way then we can do a better job communicating with you on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI.
Samir Khanal: When I look at your 3% guidance number, how much sort of extra bankruptcy or occupancy loss is baked in the guidance at this point? How much more cushion is there? You've obviously baked in [indiscernible], BCBG, Payless. Just trying to see what else, I mean, how much cushion is there at this time for occupancy lost?
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. I think that we do a pretty rigorous forecasting as we talked, Samir, before in terms of where we expect vacancy space by space, property by property over the course of the year. And I think -- our bad debt expense over the last 5 years has run 2% to 5%, 0.2% to 0.5% I think we're kind of forecasting that same amount. We're forecasting some unexpected vacancy on top of that. And I think we feel very good about the cushion or our forecasting for the balance of the year based on where we sit today and the fact that we're really not getting impacted by the bankruptcies and the store closures that occurred have today. But we remain cautious and we remain cautious through the balance of the year getting over our SKUs.
Donald Wood: Let me point to that, Samir. I don't want Dan to be mad at me for showing how quickly things can change. As of 1.5 weeks ago, we had 3 operating [indiscernible] new stores. And overnight, the Canadian company decided to close down all of its U.S. stores. They're still obligated on the lease, we will see what happens, we've got some pretty good security. But that's all got to play itself out of yet. But overnight, there was a company that closed down its operations. And so that's the kind of environment we're working. That is why you're hearing the caution throughout our whole industry. That part of it is absolutely appropriate. It's [indiscernible], are we over-the-top in terms of that caution. It's a good example, stuff like that happens every single year. And we got cushions to effectively be able to handle that. Can we handle 3 and 4 and 5 and 7 of those? No, but we don't see that's the thing. That is the type of environment we're in and that's [indiscernible] cost with it.
Samir Khanal: But if you kind of take a step back and you think about sort of the pace of closings, I mean. What inning do think where Julian for the industry as a whole? I mean, look, there's headwinds are clearly impacting growth this year and in the 2019. But I just kind of getting a sense from you as to how you guys are thinking about this internally?
Donald Wood: Well, I can tell you, Samir, I'm not sure I can do the baseball analogy part. But what I can do is it's really important that each guy in my position at all of these companies has done their best over the -- not today, forget about today, over the past 3, 5, and 7 longer years to set the company up to be able to take, if they get through, periods like this, which are inevitable. And so it is -- when I look at it, it does, it is why there is development product that's coming on. It is why we've diversified a bit to include residential, to include office some other uses on the real estate we have. It is why we tried really hard to not go after the particular tenant that's doing deals with everybody like HH Gregg was 5 years ago or 7 years ago whenever the heck it was. It's a myriad of a whole bunch of things because we are in a cyclical business, there's no doubt about it. It's why I want to show you how this portfolio has performed over 15 years. And you can compare that to anybody you want to compare it to. And you'll see, well, I'm not going to tell you it's the third or the fifth or the ninth because I don't know. I can tell you how we're prepared to continue to grow, that's a bit slower. But we're prepared to continue to grow through the depths of the situation like this.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb: Just may be continuing that from a different angle. As you guys, obviously, experience the current environment, do you feel that your traditional credit underwriting model, your grid, is as effective as ever? Or you found that you have to tweak how you underwrite a retailer or tenants credit?
Donald Wood: That's a good question, Alex. And understanding the way we view credit, the way we view our capital, the way we view our allocation of capital is similarity with a long-term focus in mind that left side of the balance sheet, the right side of the balance sheet needs to make sense together over that period of time. There's no doubt that parts of the cycle that we're in, that we toughen that up a bit. With respect to, and we have a totally different standard to the extent that there's significant capital going into a space versus a place that's got no capital or less capital going into the space, we'll be much more relaxed in the latter case. And going through this, I'll tell you through '08 and '09 and '10, I'm not saying it's the same thing. But at a time when there's trepidation on the retailer side from however you look at it, that we had some real good experience in terms of how we take it up our credit positions, on how we thought about our allocation to capital, that same thing is happening today absolutely. And by the same token, when there are tenants who have kind of figured it out how, I mean, TJX, carries more weight with us today. They've always been a huge important tenant, but they are not over another tenant. We're looking in a particular place where we got 2 tenants competing, one of them is CDS, the other is not. And the CDS leases is clearly being given more credit -- not the one you're thinking about, Dan is looking me, I'm sorry, ordinarily. And so you're right, once you have to take that subpiece and put that within the prism of the entire long-term view that we have of creating this, making these properties as good as they're going to be in 2025, even though it doesn't feel good today when you look at the stock price or figure out how it's going to impact in the short-term same-store income.
Alexander Goldfarb: I think we're all trying not to look at stock prices these days. Second question is, on the investments side, you said though there's more of the acquisition [indiscernible]. Just curious, just given how the stocks are performing and the trepidation over the retail environment, in times like you guys are comfortable buying in the market even if cap rates are influx or maybe cap rates are influx, it's just the headlines. But if you could just help us understand how you guys lock in a deal knowing that it's not going to close for a period of time. And in this environment, there's a chance that cap rates do move the wrong way versus where you underwrote.
Donald Wood: First of all, it's a very, very good question and the first answer to that always is balance, right? It's why we're not a giant acquisition shop, never were, never will be. But having said that, we did learn some pretty good lessons in 2009, '10 and '11. And the first thing that we learned during that period of time was this giant bunch of additional great property that was going to be available to us was not. And the reason it's not is because great quality real estate is not often available, and the cap rate on it often doesn't change at all in some crazy locations because it's such a rare commodity. It actually gets more [indiscernible]. So from our perspective in the type of stuff that we want, we need to maintain a business focus and a balance that includes all 5 tools, I'm not going back to the -- based on analogy the past year's because you will make fun when I do, but we do need to make sure that our toes in the water with every single tool development, as well as acquisition as leasing. So making sure that stuff that we've been working on for a long time, that could really work out well for the long-term part, piece of the company even if it seems expensive, if you will, today because of the uncertainty and what's going to happen to those cap rates, doesn't to us to the extent we know that we'll never get a chance to own it again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim: Don, you mentioned tenant negotiating leverage. And I think importantly, you mentioned about TI's possibly going up. Could you guide us a little deeper into to that? Because to me, it really feels like that is the variable that doesn't get a lot of attention that needs to.
Donald Wood: All right. I completely agree with you. The notion of capital to get deals done, from our perspective, frankly, has always been an important part of our business. Because often, I don't mean going back in the redevelopments, but when we have the ability to get the right tenant in the space that's going to really help us solidify shopping center, with our cost of capital, we are willing to use it with respect to that tenant. Those tenants are demanding more today, there's no doubt about that, it's an important part. What has never happened is the understanding throughout our industry of the cost of the capital, no understanding for our industry whether it is likely that after a fix leave term and option is exercised so as to which how you lay out that capital, how you get a payback, how you determine in the contract what the capital is specifically used for, it's a big deal. It ain't an open check. It can't be an open check. So just like all other parts of our business, there are differences to between how capital is employed, what the terms are, and the period to how it gets effectively paid back. We are -- we treat TIs just like we treat request for redevelopment money, just like we treat request for acquisition money, or G&A for that matter. It's allocation of capital. There's no doubt that those trends are going negative from the standpoint of landlord that we are putting more capital out. We're also saying no a lot more, too. We're saying no where we're not comfortable as that capital is going to create a return based on the life of that tenant, based on the terms that they're demanding, in terms of the use of that money. It's part of the reason these things take longer for us to get deals that. We're not going to just build it to get a deal in there. And so I don't know how you look into it deeper, but I welcome it because I think that discipline for tenant capital is every bit as important as any other use of capital. Let me do my [indiscernible]. So thanks.
Ki Bin Kim: And [indiscernible] percentage is way too tough to do it now. But what's the magnitude of that change you think?
Daniel Guglielmone: I didn't understand the question.
Ki Bin Kim: How much more capital is it -- are tenants asking for? Where is this trending?
Donald Wood: Yes. I don't know that I can do that. Listen, if you take a look at our schedules and pull it together from long period of time and you look at all new leases, it's hard because there's a lot of in our redevelopment capital also, but over the years, I mean, there is a clear trend to additional capital. It's not crazy. I mean, it's nothing like you're saying, oh my God, these deals don't make sense anymore. But -- and I'm afraid you have to lay out a percentage because it's not any particular 90 days or even any year. But if you look back and you can look at it over 5 years or so or even more than that, you can get the idea that there's a slow increase in the demand, the movement of risk, if you will, to reach from landlords because they perceive our cost of capital being lower in some cases and because they can. In other cases, you have to have a point to say no on deals that don't make sense.
Ki Bin Kim: And do you any quick update on the occupancy cost ratios for the tenants that you track? And how that's trended lately?
Donald Wood: I really don't. It so hard for us. I think it's the least reliable metric that we have. Something less than 1/3 of all of our tenants report occupancy. The other thing about that is, I don't have a good number for you. I know that when we pull it together in some kind of a regular thing, that the last time we tried to make some big exercise to see kind of where that was, we're around 9%. And I still feel like that's about where we would be.
Operator: Our next question comes from [indiscernible] with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: One quick question on Freight Farm venture. Just want to get a little bit of sense of why you made the venture? What are you trying to get out of it? What's the thought process behind it? And then on a separate note, maybe if you could just talk about what are the potential negative surprises at this point? It seems like businesses doing well and the same-store don't find that. What would be a potential negative surprise at this point?
Donald Wood: Well, that by the way, those 2 questions are very different. Let me start with the last one. I mean, the negative surprises are the things that are the macro surprises. They are the [indiscernible] that decide to close all their stores over a night. We have no more visibility that way. As I said before, we do have bad cushions in our assessment, that's part of our regular forecasting process that hits that. But there are negative surprise. And depending on who they are and what happens that, that is certainly a risk. Our construction cost absolutely remaining high. I'm actually really proud of how we do manage construction costs. It's -- we certainly have our overruns at times, but usually very small or manageable. Things come up, especially redevelopments that were not anticipated, but that's always a possibility. The issues on the negative surprises are very much macro issues today. In terms of Freight Farms, I appreciate you asking the question because it's deeper than Freight Farms, and I don't want to be on a high horse here at all. But I do want to say, we always look for ways to increase the value of our real estate. And it's kind of through and through, all of our ways of thinking. And the notion of -- I mean, sustainability throughout this company is kind of the way we think. We are an urban company. And so we don't have a lot of stuff in any stuff in rural areas, we don't have a lot of stuff in suburb areas. So there's an urban thought process throughout this company. It's why there's more solar income at this company per amount of GLA than I think anybody else. I know companies like Kimco may have more solar income, but they're a whole lot more real estate, too, despite the number. So what's really an important part of the way we think. The back of a shopping center that has -- that is not the most attractive place in the world, that has great restaurants outfront. The notion of being able to use a part of the unused part of the back to put containers that are able to grow vegetables with the right light, with the right water that the restaurants outfront can use, I call it farms to table, I guess it's container to table, effectively there is a really powerful thing. It's not a powerful in terms of the income generation that Federal gets from it. It's small, it's rounding. But what it does do is create a sense of community that we tend to believe in. And so that restaurant or that investor, et, cetera look favorably to things like that, and we get an outsized benefit for doing things like that as evidenced by the call -- your question on this call. But it's more about a mindset of how we look at our real estate and our responsibility environmentally.
Daniel Guglielmone: Can I say one thing on that? I think it's also really important internally that the employees done really has driven this culture internally at Federal and it's something we're all very proud of. So as Don talks externally, I also wanted to make a point, it's really important internally to us, too.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Lucas with Capital One Securities.
Christopher Lucas: As you guys look to refinance the mortgages that the [indiscernible] got going and to grow very different products. Just curious as to sort of in the conversations that you're having with lenders, whether or not the conversations are different than you expected, whether or not there's a perspective that they're bringing that is different than you might have expected 6 months ago.
Donald Wood: I would say that we are already kind of locked in on our refinancing of the Plaza El Segundo mortgage. It comes due in August, we have an open prepayment in June. We'll be refinancing it, I think, we got excellent execution. I think it will be sub-4%, 3.83% for $125 million, got to right size the mortgage. We had a lot of interest from both the insurance company and the lending market and CMB assets as well as balance sheet lenders. The lending market is still very, very strong even for retail properties. I think we're about to launch a refinancing of the October maturity for the growth. And we'll let you know when we get in different feedback as we enter that process. But we fully expect to get a very, very attractive pricing on that and kind of in the 3 handle on it with significantly improving from a cash interest expense and also from a GAAP interest expense, the financing costs will come down significantly on both of those.
Christopher Lucas: So you got, what, about a $50 million GAAP in the refi between what the balance is on Plaza El Segundo and what the new mortgage will be, how are you planning on funding that?
Daniel Guglielmone: With cash. Effectively, you get free cash flow, we've got asset sales that we've executed and that are in the pipeline. So it's a combination of those. When we acquired Plaza El Segundo, one of the variances we had was we were able to a very highly levered asset. We were able given kind of our balance sheet to be able to take that on and not face some of the issues that a lot of other buyers would have to deal with regards to absorbing that high leverage mortgage and satisfy the lender's requirements. So, yes, this is just the right size of it. And we fully have the cash on hand to kind of fill the gap there.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions in queue. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Ms. Andress for any closing remarks.
Leah Andress: Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. As Dan mentioned, we do have couple of slots up at NAREIT. Please let me know if you're interested in meeting with the team. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great afternoon.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-14 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call maybe recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Leah Andress. You may begin.
Leah Andress: Good morning, everyone. I would like to thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's fourth quarter and year-end 2016 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G., Dawn Becker, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster, and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and the supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K and other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operation. These documents are available on our website at www.federalrealty.com. Given the number of participants on the call we kindly ask that you limit your questions to one or two per person during the Q&A portion of our call. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to rejoin the queue and well happy to answer them. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our fourth quarter and year-end results. Don?
Donald Wood: Thank you, Leah. Good morning and happy Valentine's Day, everybody. A real solid quarter for us with FFO per share of $1.45, the highest quarterly earnings we ever reported and 6% better than last year's fourth quarter which at the time was our highest quarterly earnings we ever reported. We ended 2016 year with FFO per share of $5.65, 6% better than 2015. We feel comfortable to hit this point reaffirming our 2017 FFO per share guidance range of $5.83 to $5.93 despite plenty of uncertainty surrounding the changing policies of the administration coming out of Washington. So lets dig into the quarter for a bit. Same-store property operating income rose 3% in the quarter as it did for the year, and perhaps more importantly, total property income rose 7.4%, reflecting the progress we are making on the income generation side of our new profits, more on that in a few minutes. So far as leasing goes, we did 77 comparable deals for 275,000 square feet at an average rent of $37.10 in the quarter, 15% higher than the tenants they replaced as cash basis; last year the old lease versus the first year the new lease. When you look back at the entire 2016 year, it was amazingly and unusually consistent. Lease rollovers up 13% in the first quarter; 12% in the second; 14% in the third; and 15% in the fourth. All totaling nearly1.5 million square feet of comparable space compared with $1.4 million the year before. Add to that 214,000 square feet of non-comparable leasing on the new products in 2016 compared with 188 the year before and you can see the plenty of productive leasing continues to be executed. The business was solid, despite overall retail headwinds and deals taking longer to get done. We ended the year at 94.4% leased there are only 93.3% occupied indicative of the signed deals for which rent is yet to start and is good news for later in the year and 2018. After the quarter was over, we also executed two leases that continued the important progress in our anchor vacancy lease up initiative including the former Sports Authority space at Crow Canyon Commons and San Ramon, California and the former Hancock Fabrics space and Westgate Shopping Center at San Jose, California. Both the Sports Authority and the Hancock Fabrics spaces were leased to far better uses for the long-term relevance of properties in both a healthy increases to the prior tenant. Crow Canyon Commons and Westgate Center are being repositioned. We merchandised and transformed into modern and relevant retail destination for decades to come. Rent will commence on those two deals into late 2017 in one case and mid-2018 and the other as the occupancy in the re-positionings are all completed and tied together. Of course, this property investment initiatives and a number of our properties will continue and always result in some dilutiona to our redevelopment. Right now that leaves us with two vacant, Sports Authority boxes left incorporate, its the property repositions. One, Brick Plaza in New Jersey, the other is Assembly Square Marketplace, Somerville. Active negotiations with multiple tenants at both, but both vacancies are being integrated with broader property redevelopment, so they're not done yet. So we do expect them to be done this year. The earnings drag from those two spaces alone is almost $0.03 a share annually. On the acquisition front, you may have noticed press release that we put our last week announcing the ground lease that we purchased under 15 acres in a Sears, Marshalls and CVS anchored shopping center, right off 210 in Pasadena, California. We bought it at a six cap. This Sears paying virtually no rent and while we have no direct path toward getting to that box today, we're patience and optimistic that we will. In the meantime, consider than other yielding LAN play in our portfolio. It does feel like attractive acquisition candidates are potentially becoming more plentiful as theyve been in recent history. So not at better prices, at least not in the markets we're most interested in or at the properties were most interest today. We hope that more to share with you on acquisition front for next few quarters. In the development pipeline, lots of solid news, Assembly Row continues to perform extremely well really cementing itself as substantial and important live, work, play shop environment. Theyre now over 300 or 400 partners employees working there up from 1,800 last quarters and the daytime traffic increase is palpable. Adding a boutique hotel, condos our own residential offerings and a larger and richer retail experience will only enhance it. Construction of Phase 2 remains on time and budget 66 of the 107 market rate condos are under binding contracts and we'll start leasing the apartments this summer. If you find yourself involved in the spring, check our Assembly and then are being created really private. In Maryland, Pike & Rose continues to progress. I will not at the pace of Assembly Row, due to weaker Washington DC markets, particularly Montgomery County. We just as confident and its long-term value creation by year-end the residential product was over 96% lease, but only 90% occupied, so income will build there during there year. And office and retail, were now 100% leased and occupied. We've been important objective here by getting ourselves in the strongest position possible in terms of leasing before beginning to open pieces of the next phase earlier this year. We'll see how that goes when we start to residential in early summer. 21 of the 99 condos are under binding contract, again certainly not at the peak of Assembly, but where we expected to be at this point. And importantly cost and scheduled for the second phase, remain on budget. Work continues to get CocoWalk investment committee later this year for approval to move forward with this redevelopment as does our plans for variant shopping center, 700 Santana Row [broke ground] a few weeks back. The core beliefs throughout our Company is that investment and great real estate is increasingly necessary to position if it relevant in the next decade, consumers are demanding high levels of service, consumers are demanding an environment to spend time in that their choice, not a necessary evil. You don't have to look any further than the predicament many department stores are in today, consumer behavior is changing at an accelerated phase. It is our strong view that under investing in great real estate today for the purpose of generating higher current cash flow, with the expense of the properties longer-term relevant is extremely short side. So I would just not going to passed up on opportunities to re-merchandise, redevelop and reposition shopping centers for long-term sustainability even though it hurts short-term earnings. So I'll take a holistic view of our portfolio and our portfolio and are actively working to better position each and every one of them in places where we can, you'll see a look for other ways to heart has value. So that's it for my prepared remarks. We've got a lot going on around here, and a huge investment in our future, nearly $600 million of construction in progress on the balance sheet, in the right type of product for the future, some of the best pieces of real estate, some of the best markets in the country. In addition to that, acquisition opportunities maybe opening up that allows us to apply our core competencies to add value there. We surely never take for granted a balance sheet that some set up over the last few years that provide flexibility and cushion when things don't go exactly as planned. Now let me we turn it over to Dan for opening up the lines for your questions.
Daniel Guglielmone: Thank you, Don and Leah and hello everyone. Don covered almost everything in his remarks, which should surprise no one on the call. Let me provide some additional color. Despite continuing to work in the drag towards by our excess anchor vacancy same-store NOI growth was solid, as we put a 3% for the quarter and 3.1% for the full-year, which is in line with the guidance we provided previously. Please note that the same-store pool of assets, which includes those under redevelopment, represents 93% of our total POI for the quarter. Lease up at Pike & Rose residential increased markedly over the quarter at 96% overall. Although, those revenue gains were somewhat offset by higher marketing costs in the quarter into the final push to achieve full occupancy. As a result, Pike & Rose and Assembly Row contributed $6 million for the fourth quarter versus $3 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. As it relates to 2017, the new disclosure, we introduced in our third quarter 8-K relating to the progress we are making at each of these development is unchanged. Assembly Row Phase I, is running at 100% of stabilized POI and Pike & Rose Phase I is on track to deliver 75% of projected stabilized POI in 2017. The Phase IIs are on budget, are on schedule to begin contributing POI in 2018. At 500 Santana Row in early December, Splunk moved into its recently delivered 234,000 square-foot headquarters building. We are already seeing the benefits of increased daytime population and traffic at Santana. Our 2017 FFO guidance provided last quarter of 583 to 593 remains unchanged. We also reiterate our expectation for the same-store growth in 2017 of around 3%. This guidance reflects the continuing efforts to reposition our portfolio to outperform of the long-term in a rapidly changing retail environment. While we don't provide specific quarterly FFO guidance, we do expect first quarter 2017 FFO per share to be lower than fourth quarter 2016 driven impart by a step up in our anchor repositioning strategies, which I will touch upon in a moment. As relates to our anchor leasing, in addition to the deals that Don mentioned, we continue to aggressively look to reposition and re-merchandise our portfolio by proactively upgrading our tenant mix. At Santana Row this quarter, we are preemptively taking back third floor health club space, terminating the current tenant and converting the 34,000 square feet, which has great bonus of [indiscernible]. Publicly traded technology innovator Broadsoft will move in during 2018. While compelling from an economic perspective, this lease is also a testament to the power of having great real estate. This location, combined with the immunity base and sense of place we have curated at Santana Row over the last 15 years, allows us to considerable terms of uses such as office, which currently command rents at a significantly higher than comparably located upper floor retail, plus, we received the added benefit of increased population. On the heals of this success, we are moving forward on the conversion of 32,000 square feet of vacant second floor health club space at Pentagon Row on Arlington, Virginia, where we hope to produce similar results. Other examples of proactively upgrading our tendency can be seen. At Assembly Square where traded euros will open in late 2017 at a healthy up tick in rent replacing AC Moore who vacated in early January at Westgate in San Jose where you will see us replace two non-credit apparel tenants in early 2018 with TJ Maxx taking possession later in the year, and in Santa Monica where Addidas will replace Express. As you would expect these preemptive re-merchandising initiatives creates short-term drag on occupancy and cash flow in 2017 and 2018 due to downtime as we deliver the space to tenants. However, this activity will make the assets more relevant to the consumer provide cash flow growth and provide long-term value creation. Further demonstrating our balanced business plan, we are thrilled with the West Coast teams acquisition in Pasadena that Don outlined earlier. It will be an attractive addition to our West Coast portfolio providing a strong yield, the low market in-place rents and an additional 274,000 square feet on 15 acres, raw material to potentially drive longer-term growth in our portfolio. However, it will not materially increase FFO per share in the near-term solely due to its relative size. Accretion will be less than a penny, so it will not impact our 2017 guidance. Now to the balance sheet. We finished 2016 continuing to have strong liquidity position with our $800 million credit facility completely undrawn. Our debt-to-EBITDA ratio is at a comfortable 5.25 times for the quarter and our fixed charge ratio remained steady at 4.5 times. From a capital standpoint, during 2017, we project to spend approximately $400 million to $450 million in development, redevelopment and releasing and $30 million for our recently completed Pasadena acquisition. We expect to fund this capital through a combination of free cash flow draws on our lines of credit and opportunistic issuances on our ATM program. On unsecured notes offering still slated for late 2017 or early 2018. We did modestly utilize our ATM program during the fourth quarter, leasing $29 million at an average price of $1.41 per share. Now let's stay on this topic for a moment. One of the things Ive come to appreciate in my first six months on the job here at Federal is appreciating federal skilled management of its balance sheet. As I work through the refinancing of our mortgage at Plaza El Segundo, which should be completed in early June, a new tenure loan with a rate inside of 4% I realized that we do not have another sizable debt maturity until late 2019, almost three years away. I then began looking back over the last five years I have noticed a meaningful average spend on development, redevelopment and another property investment of roughly $350 million annual. Thats roughly $1.7 billion in total and another $500 million in acquisitions. Federals funding of these investments included $1 billion of equity, 700 million of 30-year debt at a 4.2% blended rate and roughly $350 million from free cash flow and asset sales. As a result, over this five-year period, we have maintained debt-to-EBITDA steadily in the 5.2 to 5.4 times range. We have increased our fixed charge coverage from 3.2 to 4.5 times, achieved an A minus rating from all three major credit rating agencies and we've lengthened our weighted average debt maturity to a current 10.5 years along the way producing FFO growth and a rock solid five-year CAGR of 7.2%. Truly impressive track record of stability and consistency further evidences of our long-term focus and commitment to a balanced business plan. Now before we start with the Q&A, I'd like to congratulate my colleague Craig Klimisch, Federal's Controller and his promotion of Vice President. Clearly a recognition of value he brings not only to me and my partner Melissa Solis, but to the finance and accounting function as a whole and to the entire Federal organization, well deserved Craig. And with that, operator you can open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Good morning, guys. Actually Don, I don't mean to gloss over the upcoming investment and work ahead of your Pike & Rose and Assembly, but maybe is the bigger question is that for many years, I'll call the mega projects like those as well as Santana have been the focus for investors and your organization. But in a little over a year or so from now you're going to be in the final innings of the Phase II investments there. And I'm just wondering what seeds your planting today and how that bodes for that period beyond 2018. I'm just curious if you think going forward we should expect a similar type of commitment to these kind of chunkier projects or do you see yourself cycling more to smaller projects or even more external growth?
Donald Wood: Thats a great question, Jeff. I appreciate youre asking it. Its funny. While I absolutely agree that Pike & Rose and Assembly get the most attention and the things that sit up on top of the Company. You got to know how hard I try to fight to make sure that everybody understands the balance of this $15 billion portfolio of real estate. So I never want to gloss over that we do with core and the redevelopment. Having said that, without question, we also talk about Pike & Rose and Assembly as being a decade long project, and so certainly in the case of Pike & Rose with the second phase opening up, starting later this year and then into the next. We still have a ton more entitlements to do; we have a bunch more to do the same thing at Assembly. So thinking about those two projects as time being done from a value creation perspective is way too premature. On top of that sitting and looking at what we'll be doing with CocoWalk, sitting and looking at what we're doing on the West Coast at Santana with $200 million plus project at the end of the street effectively there, sunset, a little bit further down the road, but coming after that. And inside our company the amount of redevelopments has never been higher and so the combination of using all those arrows in the quiver from the larger projects to the smaller redevelopments to the core, it's all really important. So don't think about Pike & Rose and Assembly as being done after 2018, please. In addition, when you see the type of acquisitions we've made, what we bought, when we bought San Antonio center a number of years ago, if you were at that property today, you would be as sure as we are that there is a whole lot much more to do there and maybe that will be done in one big way, more likely it will be done in phases until it ultimately is a mega project, if you will. Similarly, when we look at what we just bought at Hastings. It's all about big pieces of land that really should be a whole lot more than they are today. Obviously, it takes time to get to them and I know its a long winded answer. But I wanted to give you a full and complete answer of all the tools that we have in a toolbox.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Just to clarify maybe not done, but I guess is it fair to say that. Beyond these two projects will begin to see your development and redevelopment pipeline becoming maybe broader in each asset being maybe a little bit smaller in scale, little less chunky?
Donald Wood: Until the next great mega project makes a lot of sense for us to do. I mean so as I sit here today and look at that. Yes, I would expect it to be if you will broader and less chunky. But the right opportunity avails itself at San Antonio center or Hastings Ranch or at Pike 7 and I go back on what Ive said. So it's about finding the right risk adjusted project and everyone separate projects of size because obviously it's a whole lot different thing to be talking about $1 billion investment on one piece of land or more. So just by definition, how many of those things there are, it's likely to be smaller, but I don't want to count out that possibility of finding the next one.
Jeffrey Donnelly: And just one last question, is just many of the assets you guys have historically targeted I've been privately held for an extended period, with all the discussions that are going on out there right now, but changes in tax policy around 1031 elimination or deductibility of interest. Are you finding any rumblings from owners being more willing sellers or is it just too early to know?
Donald Wood: Well I will say, I mean I don't know if that's it. Listen there is no question that this new administration and whatever happens with respect to tax reform and not just 1031 depreciation rules, it's the board of tax that retailers will have to pay. I mean there's a lot of stuff out there that could impact the real estate business that time and so having a presentation by NAREIT and by our own efficiencies is critically important. And thats up even talk about changes to immigration law, what it does in California, retaliation [indiscernible] there is a lot out there. So there is no question that there is more uncertainty in our business as I think about looking forward in the next year, 18 months, two years than theres been. And that has to impact the way sellers think about their real estate. I will tell you what we have seen as we have seen more opportunities for acquisitions. What we have not seen is any weakening in the pricing that does that those sellers expect. I don't expect that the change in any of the locations.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Okay. Thanks Don.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler, O'Neill. Your line is now open.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey good afternoon. Don, just two questions here. First is maybe just following up on Jeffs. As you guys have been restocking the redevelopment kitty for some time, Darien a few years ago, Coco, the latest one in Pasadena. As you guys stockpile these and work through entitlement, so whether its in entitlements are trying to get at the actual box itself. How long do you say that you work on something versus you say, look, we've tried this thing, we're not getting where we want to go and its time now to put the asset on the market and move on?
Donald Wood: Well, there is not  Im not able to say to you again nine months 14 days, three hours and two minutes Alex, but it  and Im trying to be thesis there and trying to say we have a local teams that as you know by focusing on smaller portfolios within this Company. Clearly within that they need to prioritize where they spend their time with  I mean Darien is a great example. We're still not there completely with Darien, its taken time. But we are running the assets anyway that we own. The teams are there anyway. And so everyone of the assets, whether it's something we've just bought or something that we've held for 20 years, but its been tied up with leases and things that restrict what we can do or all under that the pressure here to be able to create value in real estate. So there are clearly times as have happened where we have a base in a specific development plan because they haven't panned out. The latest one I could point to would be for our shopping center, where we really thought we'd be able to do a pretty comprehensive residential plan there and that's just not panning out the way it is, so it will remain a retail property. And so that conversation happens in each of these small groups and then up through investment committee on a regular basis. And that frankly is why we're able to turnover in my view as much as we do with a really reasonable size team here. We get to a lot of development and redevelop.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, that's helpful. And then the second question is, as you guys talked to tenants and there seems to be obviously more interchange from mall tenants going to open-air, maybe some of the larger open-air going to the malls. Do the tenants think of it like a linear relationship, so if their occupancy cost goes up by 2x, they expect sales to go up by 2x or vice versa if they're willing to trade to lower cost venue they don't mind, lower production sales or is it less of a linear and more something else that the tenants trying to drive out when they make a decision whether to go mall or open-air?
Donald Wood: I'll let Chris add with respect to what you are seeing out there. But you are asking a really what you are generalizing a specific  generalizing a financial model that really is different for every specific company. It depends on our operating margins, it depends on their online and verticality in terms of their business plan. It's not about percentage of sales, right it's about percentage of products and our whole industry has been very focused, as you would expect on occupancy costs for the last 40 years because sales data from stores something that's askable and attainable, but the reality is that that really just a surrogate for profitability and those metrics are changing. So when any particular company, whether it's a retailer or restaurant or an entertainment source or whoever it is, is considering the best way to distribute their goods or services, it's got everything to do with their particular business model where they're going in profitability. So trying out to make it as linear, a conversation has it would be helpful, obviously would be easier to analyze. If you aware, we are seeing in almost every case, a tenant that we are trying to convince to come open-air with us, what we are seeing generally is the belief that their customer is shopping in our type of shopping center rather than in a mall. That's almost the driver to everything. Where is their customer? Where they likely to find their customer then the economics in the business plan is huge on that and they have to find how to balance.
Christopher Weilminster: Yes. All I would add to that comment is that from a holistic standpoint with the retailers are good example just happen out at Santana Row where in Valley Fair also floor is at a very successful store. They opened a store at Santana Row right across the street. There has been  as we are hear no impact to Valley Fair store and they picked up a whole new grouping of customer. So I also think the retailers are getting a lot more holistic interview of customers that shop all may not always because same customers that shops on the street retail environment. So I think the pool of opportunity of our retailers looking in the types of assets that Federal Realty owns is really it provides a lot of optimism for us on a going forward basis.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller of JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. I was wondering with the Phase IIs at Assembly and Pike & Rose starting to open up soon, I mean how are you thinking about the initial NOI drag when these types of projects open up compared to what we saw in the Phase Is opened up?
Donald Wood: Go ahead Dan.
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Now with regards to the drag, I mean, I think we are trying to outline some of that in our disclosure in the third quarter with regards to the range of about $0.06 to $0.07 of drag from the opening of Phase II in 2017 and likely into 2018. And Id just point you to how we expect in 2017 and in 2018 and into 2019 how the NOI will proceed in terms of growth at both Assembly and Pike & Rose. I mean, I think that's the best way to kind of express to you kind of how we see that ramp up. But $0.06 to $0.07 that we outlined is the impact on 2017 as they open and as capitalized interest rolls off and as we lease up some of the residential with very limited pre-leasing.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. And then just one other question for you. In terms of equity in 2017, is it in the range of call it $150 million to $200 million or something which is embedded in guidance, a good proxy?
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. We've got a $150 million modeled in for 2017 at this point.
Michael Mueller: Okay. $150 million, great. That was it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan of Canaccord. Your line is now open.
Paul Morgan: Hi, good morning. There have been some comments by some of your peers this earnings season about kind of a further widening in cap rates between A&B assets. And warning number one, I guess if you're seeing the same thing and the number two, is there any signs kind of early on that it might be kind of blending into the types of valuations for the centers that are in your target markets are A centers and in A markets?
Donald Wood: Hey, Paul. Let me start and Jeff wouldnt mind jumping in from your perspective what those. I'd like to say that I recognize a widening in terms what we see between A&B&C centers, but frankly we're only looking at real estate and I can tell you at the stuff that we've been looking at and having some more success and hopeful of looking to turning into some substantial negotiations and then hopefully getting deals done that we have not seen any backing up of cap rates on stuff that we're looking at. Jeff, anything further from your side.
Jeffrey Berkes: Hey, Paul. Yes, I mean anecdotally, Paul we hear that B&C properties are either not crediting are not getting the buyer pool of these two which is affecting pricing, but thinking we are not really out looking for B&C real estate. I can tell you no change at all of the pricing for As it still extremely competitive and expensive.
Daniel Guglielmone: I will add one thing to you, Paul that you might find interesting. There is a shopping center here in the DC area that has been on our list for a long time. It's not a regional center, but it is thats more of a strong community center with some opportunity both in leasing and potential into small development. We basically dropped out at a high 3s, 4 cap on our underwriting and it went for significantly more money than that to a private company not a public company, but private company now that is in our business. And when I looked at that and I shook my head and said that weve been looking really carefully to see if we could see any kind of weakening in or backtracking if you will of cap rates and that one looked extremely high and were not being able to looking at that property either and it just want for a really big number in the 30s.
Paul Morgan: Yes. I understand. Thanks. And then just to follow-up on kind of on re-leasing spreads, first on the renewals, they were lower than what you had recently was plus 1% renewals and I just wonder thats anything about kind of what you're seeing in terms of small shop rent growth. And then on the anchor stuff youve provided I think 15% to 20% expected spread on the anchor leases that were vacant that were remaining to be leased, and you've done a few more deal since than and I wonder if that number is kind of still what you're ball parking?
Daniel Guglielmone: Yes. Too many questions, listen with respect to the fourth quarter renewals, I mean thats an anemic number, 1% anemic number anyway you look at it. I also have to start by saying it's a quarter, so what. And inside of that, when you look at it, there is one particular deal in there where we specifically roll down a tenant to keep them in the properties that we were looking to or looking at to redevelop and we're not ready yet, so we didn't want to lose them to the center all the way. So we keep them and that brought us down without that would be in the mid single-digit still, nothing wonderful to write home about, but a whole lot better than 1% what that looks. And then with respect to anchors we did the guidance that you just is something that we are comfortable with in terms of the rest of the anchor leasing to lease up in the two deal that I talked about were two of the better deals. In terms of that rolled up that we're remaining list. So we still expect to be rolling up the balance and the teams certainly but not maybe down to 20s.
Paul Morgan: Okay, yes. But including the deals you did, I mean overall it's consistent with kind of what you provided, even though you may picked off some of the better one so far?
Donald Wood: Completely consistent make a little bit better.
Paul Morgan: Okay, great. Thanks.
Donald Wood: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy of Citi. Your line is now open.
Christy McElroy: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Don, you talk about the change in retail environment and changes in the way people are shopping and realizing thats more longer-term, but you also an environment right now were you seeing by spending on apparel and accessories, many retailers are struggling and it could be another tough year for store closures, aside from some of the occupancy loss that you've already suffered what impact is the current retail environment having on your business strategy today? How are you thinking about tenanting your centers differently and maybe you were just a year ago?
Donald Wood: Yes, everything is around the edges, Christy. I'm very much believed that this is  what we've been talking about for years, is accelerating and tenants that have kind of hung on coming through the recovery are under stressed, payless is the next one  that closed and weve got a $900,000 or $1,000,000 where the payless income that is that certainly the risk at six different properties. So the reality is it gets down to this real belief that in everything Ive been talking about that we need to provide merchandising that is so much better balanced toward the type of food offerings, the type of entertainment offerings, the type of clothing offerings, we need to be making sure that we're doing deals with retailers as best we can that getting. And a lot of that does mean investing in these properties and making sure that we're giving them the best mousetrap, if you will to be able to offer their good sense. One of the things that as you know we struggle with and I would hope our competitive struggle with is how much do we take to the short-term to be able to make sure these properties are as strong as they can going out and we just completely taken the point of view that we're going to the large because we have the real estate where we can get paid back for such investment and we were going to accelerate that notion of the right type of mix of all of those tenants with the people who are getting it more in terms of providing customers the services that they demand today then with the older brands that are slower on the uptake.
Christy McElroy: So in the context of your 3% same-store NOI growth forecast, if I think about some of those at risk tenants that you could payless is $900,000 to $1,000,000 and some of the others that may result in further store closures. What is the risk potentially to that 3% forecasters or to what extent do you have something embedded in there, some buffer for further?
Donald Wood: And I will leave the specifics to Dan and Melissa, but just notionally how we try to do this, courses risk and on all of these companies today, I do think there is more variability, if you will in the standard deviation, on all of these numbers that are out there being given in that time of cycle that we are in our business in terms of that. But we do that  when we give a number of 3% so 2.5% or 3.5% and you look at the kind of numbers that difference is that it takes to move that, it's not a lot. And so, surely we have some question put in there, but we also know we believe some of that, if not all of that question which we are trying as best we can to give you a balanced view in a time that I believe that in our business is less predictable than it has been.
Christy McElroy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you and good afternoon. I'm looking at the 2006 acquisitions and the vast majority of them include a supermarket anchor or supermarket exposure. I'm just wondering if Federal looking to increase its exposure to supermarkets and just kind of given those comments you just made is that part of the draw that will be part of the future federal mix.
Donald Wood: Just want to make sure, you said 2006 and I'd love to go back to 2006.
Craig Schmidt: I would too.
Donald Wood: I do expect you mentioned 2016.
Craig Schmidt: Yes, I did. I'm sorry. The six assets youve bought, five of them had a supermarket anchor.
Donald Wood: Yes. So remember that was us buying out the 70% that we didn't own of our joint venture with Clariant and those  that particular portfolio was meant to be a supermarket-anchored portfolio and so that's why it  when we look specifically at risk-reward, we make any money with that investment of those net 70%. We said, yes. That was not a specific supermarket initiative that position in 2016. So I don't I think relating into that all. Generally, we are all about the best real estate and the components of it or the format of it is just playing less important to us, it's about the real estate and what we can get at and what we can do with it. So I don't think we should read into that at all. We are a retail company although in terms of the way we think about things. Yes. We want to make money vertically above it in cases with residential and with office, but our bonds are retail, but as this broadly retailed and not just supermarket on shopping centers.
Craig Schmidt: And just looking at the development opportunities at Hastings Ranch, is that on existing land or would that be the conversion and repurposing of some of the anchor space there?
Donald Wood: Yes. Jeff wants to talk about Hastings in a little bit more.
Jeffrey Berkes: Okay. Sure, Don. Hey, Craig. Yes, I mean I think find the best way to look at Hastings is way down laid it out on one hand, we are sitting on 15 acres land or 274,000 square feet of improvements on it that generates the 6% return that its going to grow roughly the rate the same is the rest of our portfolio over the foreseeable future. And that's the scenario we priced and underwrote and thats something we can happen obviously, if we dont get control over the land or get control over the Sears box. On the complete other end of the spectrum what you're getting to Craig, is if we do get control the land and we do get control over the Sears box. There is a significant opportunity to reposition that property over the coming years. It's got a zoning that allows anywhere from a 1.0 to 3.0 FARs roughly 650,000 feet three times that. It's right next to the 210 free ways where there's 240,000 cars a day that goes by and walking distance to the metro gold line. So its fundamentally great real estate with a wide range of potential outcomes and we won't know we're headed on it for several years, but it's again what we always look for this real estate which is protected downside, which in those case has been sitting there and run it like it is today and running the six and watching it grow or doing something significantly different. And then of course there's two or three scenarios in the middle that could work out to just way too early to tell.
Donald Wood: Craig, I want to add one thing to that just a  the Sears box has paid very little rent here, its partially sublet thing that HomeGoods
Craig Schmidt: Yes correct Don.
Donald Wood: And so from a profitability perspective for Sears, this is a great piece of real estate where they pay little than they earn. So we don't think that there is past the day to have basically said we're not interested in giving the space at this point, we just want to be there to the extent that situation changes.
Craig Schmidt: I was just looking at Google maps, it looks like there could be some interesting opportunity just give us surrounding retail and uses on that area?
Donald Wood: Clearly, 15 agents that far is a lot of land.
Jeffrey Berkes: Yes, its a great note Craig. Great note, thats a great piece.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Donald Wood: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Hoglund of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
George Hoglund: Hi, guys. Just wondering if there's any sort of additional color you can give on plans for CocoWalk in some sort of place?
Donald Wood: Yes. I gave have some last time and we're work the numbers of like crazy because constructions expenses. But yet coco in particular weve settled on a plan that will effectively part of the shopping center down as you're looking at the fund at the right side of down and create office overall retail with a completely reconfigured center if you will of the common area there with the Starbucks is today. And overall renovation, not only of the outside areas of the retail part, but inside of the Cinepolis Theaters that is a critical anchor there and so as we pull that together will have a total numbers of down yet, but it we'll be a $50 million or $60 million redevelopment plan that is that really should said that property up to be a great held asset, if you will, for the next 20 year and 30 years. And over it Sunset it's all about the entitlements and that is the case in all the markets that we're in I don't think we are in one market we're getting the uses in the high-end and the entitlement to do what we want to do is easy. Now one market we're in that's why we're in those markets and we I dont want to say, we want to be hard to get the new investment, but it's hard for us, hard for everybody. And so we still have time. I think I would say into working through that in the meantime, we are doing the best we can operating a less than perfect retail assets. So stay tune that we more Sunset I will be more coco. But I just told you, it is probably where it's going to end up, so we can get the numbers, where we need to get the numbers.
George Hoglund: Yep thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Vincent Chao: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Just question we've talked a lot about the training consumer behaviors and how that changes now accelerating as well as the fact that there's more acquisition opportunities out there, but the pricing hasn't changed. So I'm just curious, obviously have a very high quality portfolio already, but any thoughts on taking of the current conditions and making portfolio little bit better quality of asset sales at this point.
Donald Wood: Yes, great question, Vin and let me give you the answer is yes, but let me specifically point to what the challenges are in this portfolio. The first I talk about forever as we've got some really significant tax gains in just about every asset that we own. And so without having the ability 1031 it's hard, so we1031, whenever we buy an asset for cash as opposed to what units dealer or some other financing. We do look hard at trading out. So I do hope you see that this year starting with using the facing for proceeds. The other thing that should really keep in mind with respect to this portfolio is when spin off big part of the company or sell 20% of the assets or whether. Its whole lot easier make that work when there is a big giant standard deviation between the great stuff thats you have and then anchors are great stuff that you have. And as weve looking over for years and really what that standard deviation is, I mean, we certainly have property better than others, but I will say that even on worst assets are awfully play in terms of growth rates and things like that. So spending off 10% or 15% of this Company, you do all they long, if you could bring the 3% same-store growth thats the 4.5% or something like that which you might not do it if it was the 3% to 3.2% or something like that if you kind of get my drift. So it will likely continue to be a one-off selective philosophy of improving the quality of the portfolio, which we should always be doing and just like we buy these assets one at a time you'll likely see a trade out one at a time.
Vincent Chao: Okay, thanks a lot. Thats all I had.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Just a couple of follow-ups here. First on lease spreads, can you give us some sense of what type of vintage you are rolling over for rent leases that you are signing in 2016? And tied to that is, how long is your runway for continuing to post these very healthy double-digit lease spreads?
Donald Wood: Ki Bin, Ive been asked this question for 10 years and I keep looking for the end of the runway, but I will tell you well certainly there are quarters and there are periods of time when we don't roll as well as we would like to. Overall, we're still sitting here at a portfolio, which has basically, in total, as far as we could tell, we've got sales from everybody, but something like 9% or 9.5% cost occupancy in it. So, as you look and I love the schedule that we have in the road show, which basically shows here are the average rents that we're getting, and here is the average in place rent for as you say all the vintage, but former leases that there is still more upside in this portfolio. I think in terms of those roles overall than in any of the other reported information that's out there for the competitors. So I feel like that will continue. That doesn't mean is there every quarter and I don't have a specific answer. I'm looking over it. Dan have said specifically the vintage that we get here, but you do know that our average leases on hand are between 7.5 or 8 years. So whether at this specific quarter on average where were rolling over leases every 7.5 or 8 years.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And the second question on the Pasadena asset, could you just talk a little bit about like how you source that type of deal and maybe some commentary around, I believe there is a ground lease on it?
Donald Wood: Are you asking for Jeff Berkes, secret soft? Hi, Jeff, how are you going to answer that question?
Jeffrey Berkes: Well, I wish I could like say that were superhuman, but we're not, the asset was actually marketed for sale back in 2015. And there were some complications of getting the deal done and what we've done in the past, we have hung around the hoop and work through some of those issues with seller, we developed really, really good relationship with and we are able to get the eventually the deal done. So nothing more magic to it than that. Weve found over the years persistence and patience to give the kind of real estate that we want to payoff and this will be a great example of that.
Donald Wood: And Ki Bin, the only thing I'd add to that is buying something whatever it is in these locations and with the opportunities here at six is great, but there's a reason for it. It is not a ground lease. We are at 40 years of term or so in terms of that. And there is no direct path to getting the fee, there is no direct path to getting to this year's which pays no rent. So it makes sense that is that a six or six plus something like that. But when we look at and say okay, what's your downside if you never do, downside we never do is 40 years of 2.5% to 3% annual growth in a great real estate location. So pay for itself if you will in 13 years or 14 years and then what 25 years after that of cash flow. So economically I think it works all day long, but specifically having it turn into the next best mixed-use project or whatever it's ultimately going to be, we don't have any visibility too.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thank you.
Donald Wood: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Lucas at Capital One Securities. Your line is now open.
Christopher Lucas: Yes. Don, you basically answer the question I was going to ask, but maybe just one more on Hastings, if I could, which is if you we're able to get the feasible interest, if that deal was completely put together, what kind of a cap rate with that go for in the marketplace today. If you were able to get in six with kind of giving the leasehold interest?
Donald Wood: Im going to provide a crazy number and then Jeff going to argue with me, so you are going to see it right here on the call. He is 3,000 miles away, I cant even look at him Chris, so can get two very independent things. Everything that we've seen in and around California in the markets that we're talking about where we would like to be, if you were completely fee owned with the climate upside that 200,000 square foot Sears and HomeGoods and part of the shopping center that doesn't pay a lot with that upside, it would shock me if this were not of sub four. Its just pure guess.
Jeffrey Berkes: Well, I would say there is a lot of nuance in all these deals, Chris and Im sorry that I kind of pinpoint that number, but on Dons point not far off whether it's high 3s or low 4s thats kind of the range.
Christopher Lucas: Okay, thanks. And then just, Don one quick one kind of a follow-up to an earlier question about sort of change in tax policy. But I guess I was wondering if you guys are finding more opportunity and whether you're actually pushing this idea or not of doing more down REIT type transactions given the environment?
Donald Wood: You know, more or less is a relative term, I will tell you anytime we go into a property that we would love to have an interest and we try to use whatever tool is in the toolbox. As you know we're not of volume acquirer. So it's not like there is a memo that comes down from my office or from Dans office, it sounds like the acquisition guys use more down REITs in every units. It really is what can we best do to convince a seller to do a deal with us and sometimes it works, and sometimes it doesnt. But, no, not more, no trend difference there at this point.
Christopher Lucas: Great, thank you.
Donald Wood: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Collin Mings of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Collin Mings: Hey, good afternoon. Just Don going back to just the acquisition opportunities you're starting to see out there. Has there been any really discernible pick up of deal flow, any specific markets that has you particularly encouraged or that you're particularly focused in on ongoing back to some of the prepared remarks?
Donald Wood: And I don't know if this is the direct impact  has it had a direct impact or not, but I really do like the fact that we are operating on more of a decentralized basis now. We are in there is a team in Boston that looks at Boston. There is a team that specifically looks to Chicago. There's a team that specifically is working on the West Coast and in Washington et cetera. And so, while I'm constantly frustrated because I'm a cheap guy with the cost of deals, the type of deals that we are seeing in terms of is it real estate that we have the potential to do something with. That does seem to be stronger in all of our major markets. Now whether that converts into actual deal flow or not for billion reasons including the one that took Hastings Ranch. That small acquisition, 18 months or 20 months to get done, these things there are unpredictable in terms of what we're actually looking at. But there is certainly more in each of these teams that is being served up, today, frankly.
Collin Mings: Okay. And then maybe just switching gears, just given the pressure on labor and then clearly some commodity prices, just maybe a broader update on your overall outlook for construction costs as you pursue potentially some additional redevelopment opportunities or what have you, looking out over the next 12, 18 months?
Donald Wood: Yes. You must have our conference room booked, because the last Investment Committee we specifically were talking about expectations with respect to construction costs, Boston in D.C., certainly in California and we don't see it going down anytime soon there. This is where we are and probably a little bit more expensive. This is where we're going to be in terms of where we're planning to be in terms of the ability to buy out these jobs. On both the material and labor perspective and that's another area that when you start talking about immigration, when you start talking about workforce changes, there is some unpredictability. And so its a reason Ill always say we're not totally  we're never going to go all-in mixed use development. Were never going to go all-in on shopping center acquisitions if you will. We're never going to go all in on any piece of our business and we've got them use to more, but we're certainly not expecting any significant change, there's no change down and no significant change above in the cost construction over the next year to 18 months.
Collin Mings: Okay, thanks.
Donald Wood: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Floris Dijkum of Boenning. Your line is now open.
Floris Dijkum: Great, thank you. Hey Don, one thing that things a little bit loss that is another year of 7.4% overall NOI growth, which is pretty impressive for any REIT, alone of REIT of the size of Federal. But obviously you guys have a plan of doing this for a number of additional years as well. As you look out over the next couple of years, how would you rank the risks to your growth in your overall NOI and by order of magnitude, whether it's cost pressures, whether it's tenant bankruptcies, whether it's financing markets or the potential other events that you  that we don't know about this stage, how would you rank that the risk?
Donald Wood: It's a great question, Floris. I think you're really asking why would sleep over and I cant just give you my standard everything because it's true. What it really - what I feel best about is the cost of money. When I feel best about is that balance sheet and so Ive got to tell you that is the single biggest  I mean 2008, 2009 showed everybody what is important tool that is to have that right and were heck of a lot stronger than we were even 2008, 2009. So the one of the things I worry about lease is the financing, because of our track record and because of the strength of the balance sheet at the way we have set. Now, so I guess I start with what I worry about lease and you ask what I worry about most effectively and most has everything to do with the changing retail environment and the ability to have retailers clear enough in their business plans to make decisions to open source. And that is just the single biggest thing. It's less about the bankruptcies. I always expected to be bankruptcies its part and parcel of our business it often results in and don't just mean bankruptcies I mean tenant failures. However, more broadly defined it all these results and some level of lease termination fees that part and parcel of our business, it always results in opening up the redevelopment opportunities, which are always a part of our business, a huge part of our business, but the deal making requires a retailer to be very clear or residential or apartment dwellers to be clear on where their future is. And right now to me that's the fundamental question it's the changing consumer and its online shopping, uncertainty in the administration that stuff is what worries me because the end of the day, we need to people for REIT space before I think REIT space I think a bunch of money. So that's the overriding risk I see our business, and frankly a lot of businesses that that you forget in good times, when people are clear about when management team CEOs are clear about where their companies are going they invest, they invest in good factory, they invest a new shopping centers, they invest and what are people work hiring et cetera. In our business with the change in consumer with changing  all the change we talk about that is my largest worry.
Floris Dijkum: Okay. One follow-up question I guess and this from a couple of calls ago, but update on Chicago, I noticed you mentioned earlier, you now have a specific Chicago team, is that new and should we expect more investment into that market?
Donald Wood: Well, I don't know whether you're seeing with their more or not in Chicago. I do know that the team that has the responsibility for Chicago we really like. And if you just get down to the centralization part and you think about a specific team that really like the market that they're in, for whatever the reasons are. I would expect to see more stuff coming up for investment opportunities in that and all our market and all of our markets from those individual teams. Now whether they work their way through investment committee and whether they make sense or not stay tune that is yet to play out, but that's probably how I would answer Chicago.
Floris Dijkum: Great, thanks. End of Q&A
Operator: Thank you. And I am showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to hand the call back over to Leah Andress for any closing remarks.
Leah Andress: Thanks everyone for joining us today. Looking forward to see many of you as well in Citi Conferences in the coming weeks. Thanks. Good bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. That does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Leah Andress - IR Don Wood - President & CEO Dan Guglielmone - EVP, CFO & Treasurer Chris Weilminster - EVP, Real Estate & Leasing Jeff Berkes - President, West Coast
Analysts: Mike Mueller - JPMorgan Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Morgan - Canaccord Genuity Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill George Hoglund - Jefferies Chris Lucas - Capital One Securities Christy McElroy - Citigroup
Operator: Welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Leah Andress. Ma'am, you may begin.
Leah Andress: Thank you, good morning. I would like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dan G., Dawn Becker, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster, Melissa Solis and James Milam. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected earnings, anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operation. These documents are available on our website at FederalRealty.com. Given the number of participants on the call we kindly ask that you limit your questions to one or two per person during the Q&A portion. If you have additional questions, please feel free to jump back in the queue. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our third quarter 2016 results. Don?
Don Wood: Thank you, Leah and good morning, everyone. Last night we reported third quarter 2016 FFO per share of $1.41, 3.7% better than last year's exceptionally strong quarter and above our internal expectations. Given these results we're comfortable reaffirming our previously issued guidance range for full-year 2016 in effect narrowing it a bit to $5.63 to $5.67. I want to talk about the third quarter's reported results, expectations for the balance of the year and most importantly what this means for 2017 since we released initial guidance last night that fall short of Street expectations, mostly for value enhancing initiatives that have a short term cost. More on that in a few minutes. Let's get started with the quarter. At $1.41 a share following $1.38 in the first quarter, $1.42 in the second, we're happy with that result given the fact that, as anticipated and as we discussed previously, this is the quarter when you really see the full effect of the big vacancies we have been talking about for the past few quarters. Sports Authority is gone, A&P, Hancock Fabrics, Hudson Trail boxes are gone, etc. And they were all in and rent paying a year ago. When coupled with a particularly strong quarter a year ago where FFO per share had gone 11%, this all made for a tough year-over-year comparison. Those vacancies this quarter, along with the inclusion of poorly leased Sunset Place and CocoWalk, resulted in a reduction of our portfolios lease percentage of 120 basis points to 94.3% and a physical occupancy reduction of 200 basis points. Those vacancies, in addition to some strong bad debt recoveries and percentage rent positives in last year's quarter, resulted in anemic same-store growth comparisons by some 150 to 200 basis points lower than they would have otherwise have been. When you think about it, it does say an awful lot about the portfolio that same-store grew 1.5% in a quarter that occupancy dipped by as much as it did. It would be wrong to conclude that leasing activity has trailed off, however, as can be seen in the leasing done this quarter. There was a lot of it -- 93 comparable deals, that is more leases than any quarter in the last couple of years, for 427,000 feet of space at an average rent of $31.25, 14% higher than the tenants they replaced. In fact, over the first nine months of this year we have done 269 comparable deals or 1.2 million square feet, 17% more volume than the first nine months of 2015. And that leads me into the discussion I want to have about our initial guidance for 2017 of $5.83 to $5.93 per share. So let me pivot now and use the rest of my prepared remarks to discuss 2017. I think this will make us one of the first to issue guidance and this year particularly requires explanation. And let me start out by being crystal clear, that despite 4% projected FFO growth at the midpoint of guidance next year, nothing has changed our outlook as to the achievability of hitting or beating our long term business plan goal of doubling income over 10 years. In fact, it is precisely because of the items diluting 2017 that I have greater confidence we will get there. To make it as clear as possible we have included a schedule of this year's -- this quarter's press release and 8-K on the reconciliation of FFO guidance -- on the FFO guidance page that will parallel the comments I am about to make. A little background first as to why we're so aggressively repositioning so much of our portfolio. We have seen consumer behavior changing and changing at an accelerated pace and impacting nearly every business. Retail real estate is no exception. That is why a couple years back we turned up the heat on virtually every initiative we had at the same time in every facet of our business at a time when capital was cheap in an effort to put this best-of-class portfolio in the best possible shape to thrive in markets where consumers demand a higher level of service and an environment that they want to hang out in as an integral part of their lives. Of course it takes time, often more than we would like. But we view it as critical to the long term strengthening of this real estate portfolio. We feel that we're best positioned to do this given the quality locations of our real estate and our track record of success in transforming different types of retail real estate. So, we accelerated the timing to start the second phases of our big mixed use developments before the paint was dry on the first phases, even though the second-phase construction affects first-base performance until the overall sense of place is established. We jumped into Miami with not one but two new retail opportunities to fix broken but well located retail destinations even though the existing income stream will of course be disrupted in preparation of that process. We accelerated the full build-out of Santana Row, first with the option on the 12 acres across the street called Santana West, then with the spec built, but now fully leased, Splunk office building and currently with the approval and announcement to move forward with the $215 million, 310,000 square foot office retail tower that will anchor the end of the street. We restructured our personnel through a decentralization and systems investment initiative so that the human capital was sufficient, properly aligned and had the tools necessary to accelerate progress in both the mixed use and the core portfolios. We took advantage of a very favorable capital environment; both by delevering concurrent with and somewhat ahead of, any development spend. And by turning out our debt portfolio with $700 million of 30-year unsecured bonds, creating a level of safety unmatched by any of our peers. Of course at the expense of lower earnings caused by higher short term interest expense and lower overall leverage. We have and continue to identify more value enhancing redevelopment opportunities with our new decentralized structure than ever before in our history and we're getting more of them started faster even though they hurt short term earnings. Many of those opportunities have been made possible by our ability to get back underperforming anchor boxes. And it is this last point, the one related to the far deeper redevelopment pool sparked by anchor vacancies, that is one of the three main reasons 2017 appears light, even though it is this redevelopment initiative that will drive significant value creation and earnings growth to follow. And if the markets are softening and the cost of money is increasing, the quality of the real estate location has always been the best hedge possible. We have got the best quality real estate portfolio. Let me give you some numbers. The re-lease of the excess anchor vacancy in the portfolio creates an obvious drag -- earnings drag until the spaces are coordinated into the bigger development plan. Then in some cases entitled, then leased, then turned over to the tenant for interior build-out, then occupied and finally rent paying. Generally we're not just trying to re-lease vacant boxes; we're trying to reposition and fortify retail destinations and that simply takes longer. We have 700,000 square feet of anchor and near anchor vacancy in the quarter, that is more than double the box vacancy that we historically have carry. It's Sports Authority, A&P, it is Hudson Trail, it is Hancock Fabrics -- you know the names. The prior rent on that 730,000 feet was $19.75 and represented $14.5 million of rent or $0.20 a share of former in-place annual rent that is missing. As of today we have got 42% of that space Re-leased and re-leased at 37% higher rent than was previously being paid. It is re-leased to Ulta and DSW at Brick Shopping Center; to Field and Stream and Uncle Giuseppe's at Melville Shopping Center; to T.J. Maxx at Pentagon Row; to LA Fitness at Delmar, etc. Every one of those deals is part of a much more comprehensive repositioning of the shopping center, not merely a re-leasing of the box. But it generally doesn't become rent paying until 2017 and 2018 with a heavy weighting toward the back end of 2017 and 2018. Accordingly, we have forecast 2017 to be roughly $5 million or $0.07 a share lower than it otherwise would be. Of course the value creation of these redeveloped shopping centers would be significant when complete.  Now let's go to the big developments and talk to the natural short term dilution that comes from the delivery and lease-up process associated with the residential development at Phase 2 of Assembly and Pike & Rose as well as the dilution that comes from the probable reconfiguration of CocoWalk that we considered in our 2017 guidance. First, the Phase 2 residential building under construction at both Assembly and Pike & Rose. At Assembly a 447 unit residential building whole montage and at Pike & Rose, the 272 unit residential building called The Henri, will both begin delivery and lease up in 2017. The dilution that comes from this process is expected to exceed $4 million or $0.06 a share. Operating cost, marketing, interest expense naturally exceed revenue as development turns over these buildings to operating teams. Expenses exceed revenues significantly at first, then less so as the buildings lease up. It is unavoidable and will create an earnings drag of about $2 million before interest and an additional $2 million at the FFO line. Those two buildings alone are expected, however, to create well over $100 million of value when stabilized. Similarly, at CocoWalk in Florida, while we haven't completely finalized our redevelopment plans and numbers, we do hope to be able to get those plans through our investment committee early next year which will allow us to begin repositioning space and tenants and beginning construction on a portion of the shopping center in 2017. As you would expect, as you would assume, occupancy at CocoWalk -- and at Sunset, for that matter -- would get worse before it gets better and we thought it prudent to include the impact of Miami's first step toward repositioning, estimated at a couple of cents of share in our guidance. Obviously the value expected to be created at CocoWalk far exceeds the 2017 accounting costs. Basically our 2017 guidance would have been roughly $0.16 a share higher if we were simply not building Phase 2s at Pike & Rose or Assembly and not proactively taking out our anchor space. Hopefully the enhancements we're making to our disclosure, including the timing of income coming online, will provide more clarity now and in the future. Those are Dan's ideas. The final significant item affecting 2017 guidance is our lower near term operating income expectations at Pike & Rose. Continuing softness in the Montgomery County Maryland residential market, especially in the last 90 days and the ongoing construction disruption of Phase 2 simply make me uncomfortable maintaining 7% yield guidance at Pike & Rose. And accordingly, you will note a change in our 8-K disclosure for both the first and second phases which, as I alluded to earlier, are so integrated and they really need to be viewed together, to a 6% to 7% yield with better disclosure on the time period for getting there. The disclosure now also includes site maps that we're adding that make the proximity of the Phase 2 construction to Phase 1 quite apparent along with the land and entitlements for future phases. I, we, remain as positive as ever on what we're creating there, but have our eyes wide open as to the additional time that it is going to take to get there. The combined impact of that lower expected yield and slower pace are negatively impacting our 2017 guidance by about $0.06 a share. All told, the $0.22 a share or more that is pushed back from 2017 to the next 12, 24, 36 months, in addition to the positive momentum and contributions from the many initiatives we're working on and from those that we will add onto in the future. So that is it for my prepared remarks. We have got a lot going on around here and a huge investment in our future. A bunch of construction in progress on the balance sheet and the right type of product for the future on some of the best pieces of real estate in some of the best markets in the country, our heads are down and we continue to execute. I look forward to spending more time with many of you in a couple weeks in Phoenix going through this and whatever else you would like to talk through. Now let me turn it over to Dan before opening up the lines for your questions.
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you, Don and Leah. Good morning, everyone. Don covered a lot in his remarks so I will fill in just a few places as it relates to the third quarter and the balance of 2016. Then I want to spend some time going through a few specific areas that will help you with your modeling of Federal going forward. First the third quarter, the $1.41 of FFO per share and same-store NOI growth of 1.5% was fully in step with our expectations for the quarter. As Melissa specifically discussed in our second quarter call in August, same-store growth is expected to decelerate in the second half of 2017 with most of that concentrated in the third quarter. Now that was due not only to the difficult third quarter comp that we faced, but also due to the impact on occupancy and cash flow of our anchor repositioning activity. With portfolio occupancy at 93.1% at quarter end versus 95.1% at third quarter 2015, note that almost 150 of the 200 basis point diminution can be attributed to those eight anchor boxes that Don referenced in his remarks. The three A&Ps, the three Sports Authority's, Hudson Trail and Hancock Fabrics which were all in occupancy in 2015 were gone in third quarter of 2016. Also note that this vacancy totaling over 320,000 square feet is of highly productive centers located in dense in-fill markets, many of which we're redeveloping, re-merchandising like Assembly Square in Boston, Melville Mall on Long Island, Montrose Crossing in North Bethesda, Westgate in San Jose to name a few. Needless to say we feel very good about our ability to reposition these boxes effectively. Through the first three quarters of 2016 our same-store growth stands at 3%, 1.9% excluding redevelopment. We project fourth quarter to be in line with this run rate and expect same-store growth for the year to remain in the 3% area. Next, on the development front with respect to Assembly Row and Pike & Rose, contribution for the third quarter was $6 million, up from $4.9 million during the second quarter. Assembly Row Phase 1 is 100% leased and now is producing approximately 95% of its projected stabilized property operating income or POI. As Don mentioned, Pike & Rose Phase 1 is behind from a run rate perspective mostly driven by softness in effective rents at the PerSei and Palace apartments and currently we're closer to a 60% projected stabilized POI on a run rate basis. Although we're pleased to be hitting or occupancy projections with PerSei almost 98% leased and Palace almost 86% leased at quarter end. Further we continue to command a premium to the market of 10% to 15%. Out west at 500 Santana Row we're slightly ahead of plan and expect Splunk to open at the end of the fourth quarter. Just a reminder, this 234,000 square foot development is delivering a 9% cash on cost yield. Given the success at 500 Santana combined with the continued strong demand for office space in the submarket, we're moving forward with the development of 700 Santana Row, a 310,000 square foot office and retail development located at the end of Santana Row which will effectively finish off the street. We're projecting a stabilized cash on cost of 7% with projected delivery in 2019 and stabilization in 2021. Now, let me cover a few areas to provide additional clarity to your modeling of Federal going forward. As it relates to the core business and the impact of our anchor repositioning initiatives, we expect overall portfolio occupancy to stay at its current 93% through fourth quarter and remain at this level for most of 2017. We project occupancy will begin to improve at the end of 2017 and continue into 2019. With respect to the 730,000 square feet of anchor or near anchor vacancy in effect during the third quarter, 42% or 310,000 square feet is leased. Of that 310,000, 135,000 will be rent paying by the end of 2016 with start dates for the remaining 175,000 square feet coming on over the course of 2017 and into 2018. At this point, I would like to take a moment to highlight the new disclosure in our 8-K regarding Assembly Row, Pike & Rose as well as the recently added 700 Santana Row. In our supplemental information exhibit starting on page 16 we have added detail which provides annual guidance on the timing of property operating income at these developments as each of the phases grow toward stabilization. We have also included site plans on the following pages for both of these communities to provide you with a sense of the progress and the scale of these projects. And also to provide some context to the interconnection between the phases at each development. Now let's turn to the balance sheet. As you know, at the beginning of the third quarter we raised $250 million of 30-year unsecured notes at a REIT record yield for a 30-year of 3.75%. That issuance is now reflected in our quarter end metrics. Let me highlight a few of them. Net debt to EBITDA stands at 5.2 times, our average debt maturity remains at a sector leading 11-plus years and our weighted average interest rate is just above 4% with almost all of it fixed. On the equity side we raised $55 million of common stock through our ATM program during the quarter at an average price per share of $159.38 bringing our year-to-date total ATM issuance to $146 million. As a result of this activity, at quarter end we had cash on the balance sheet of $100 million and our $800 million credit facility was completely undrawn. From a capital standpoint this significant level of liquidity positions us well as we close out 2016 and head into 2017. As it relates to development and redevelopment, we expect to spend approximately $150 million in the fourth quarter and $400 million to $450 million in 2017. We will fund these capital requirements through a combination of cash on hand, free cash flow, opportunistic issuance under our ATM program and utilization on our line of credit which we expect to repay through a bond issuance in late 2017, early 2018 or sooner if an attractive window avails itself. This mix will be dictated by our objective of maintaining our debt to EBITDA ratio in the 5 to 5.5 times range. Finally on the acquisition front, while we don't have anything concrete we can report at the moment, we continue to pursue a number of compelling opportunities. While the market remains frothy from a valuation standpoint, we do see long term value in these opportunities and will be aggressive in our pursuit. With 13 years of investment experience in my previous seat I couldn't be more excited to bring that experience to Federal and work with Geoff Burkes and his acquisitions team on the West Coast and with Barry Carty and team as my partners on the East Coast, as well as with the entire Federal Realty investment committee. Lastly, before I turn it over to questions, I'd like to talk to you about my initial impressions from being here for almost three months from call it a new-to-Federal point of view. First and in my view most importantly, the understanding that the commercial real estate business is constantly changing and changing quickly, especially in retail, is ingrained into Federal's DNA. Federal's approach is proactive and dynamic; it does not approach filling vacancies simply to maintain occupancy and cash flow at a property but where it makes sense uses that vacancy to reposition, re-merchandise and redevelop the entire asset. Each decision that is made is made with a long term goal of ensuring that each center is relevant for the long term. Second, the real estate really is that good. Before coming to Federal I was aware that it had a best-in-class portfolio. In my first months here I've traveled the East and West Coast seeing about half of the portfolio so far and the properties are even better than I had imagined. Third, I am convinced that we're creating the right environments with the mixed-use properties that we're currently developing. I spent time at Assembly Row, Bethesda Row and Santana Row. And to give you a little insight into my personal life, I currently live at Pike & Rose, I work a block away and I spend the majority of my free evenings and many weekends at the property. So you could say I have done my due diligence, a real, live, work play experience and I couldn't be more confident in the communities we're creating at Pike & Rose and Assembly Row. Lastly, I have been truly impressed with the management here. It would be easy for senior management to sit back and simply rely up on the power of its best-in-class portfolio to grow, but there is foresight and dynamism in the way management is looking to implement its growth initiatives and is proactively making investments in its people, in its systems in order to make this happen. As you can imagine, I have been in the weeds during the first 2.5 months here digging into the details that support these initial observations, so I share them with you with confidence and conviction. I look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT and spending more time with each of you going forward to help you see what I am seeing at Federal. With that, operator, you can open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. You may begin.
Haendel St. Juste: I bet you haven't been asked this one in a while, but given your historical valuation premium, but what a difference one quarter makes. So my question is, how are you thinking about stock buybacks these days with your stock now trading at a double-digit discount by our estimates NAV? And how are you currently thinking about buybacks versus other capital allocation alternatives?
Don Wood: Haendel, this is a long term business and the notion of changing the capital spending plan and issuing equity versus buying equity, etc., etc., versus based on a three-month quarterly earnings point to me is not appropriate. We have capital needs that are very clear, very much in place and all value accretive. The notion of continuing the program where we're is what we believe. Now, for things that have not started -- for developments that have not started, the CocoWalk conversation that I had in my prepared remarks, etc., it's very possible that those -- the decision could start additional will depend on where the marketplace goes in 2017. But every single thing -- I mean, the big point of being disappointed by the guidance of where we're, for the most part, as I think is pretty clear to you, is necessary to create the value that we're creating. So the idea of doing a significant buyback at this point is off the table.
Haendel St. Juste: And you mentioned getting rents 37% higher on the new -- the leases you are signing for the boxes, 42% of the space. Curious if you are expecting similar upside for the other remaining 60%-ish, how those conversations are going and when do you think you will have that space tied up?
Don Wood: Yes, it is good stuff. I mean what I have got -- and we're going to talk through this in Phoenix to the extent there is more time to do that and the ability to do that -- have got a schedule that shows that whole 730,000 feet. I have got a schedule that shows the 309,000 of it, the 42% that is done already that shows the specific deals and the timing of those specific deals for the 37% rollover. The rents, I have got -- that schedule shows prospects and shows approximately where we think the rents would be. Approximately they wouldn't be at 37%, but they would be double-digit and maybe more than low-double-digits, maybe higher than that. But again, that is the process that we're going through. The most important thing you have to come away with on this is that these are part and parcel of bigger -- of shopping center repositionings as opposed to filling the boxes. And I just don't think that is really kind of understood as well as it should be. It is a value creative proposition here, not a defensive one.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Jeff Donnelly: I am curious on Pike & Rose, how do the net rents that you are now putting into 2017 guidance compare to what your original pro forma was? And maybe, Dan, can you kind of walk as through the timing of the NOI and FFO drag in your 2017 guidance at Pike & Rose just as it opens? I mean, just kind of one of the things here, like that pace and price of absorption and some of the other factors that are going on there.
Don Wood: Yes, let me take the first part of that and, Dan, jump in on the second part of Jeff's question. One of the things we really wrestled with this time is pretty -- Washington DC in general pre-election kind of every year goes into a fold your hands and not do much kind of mode. And we have seen that in spades over the last three months, not only at Pike & Rose but anecdotally. Everything we hear with respect to not only any other residential project but other real estate projects, other decision making that happens has really slowed down. Now we want it to be -- we're 86% leased at Palace at about $2.40 a foot, Jeff. We expect that $2.40 a foot to grow, but far more modestly over the next couple of years than we had initially projected. So I think we're expecting that $2.40 through the next few years to go to something like $2.55 and initially that number was $2.85 or $2.90. So I want to do something for you for a second if you wouldn't mind and indulge me. And it relates to our residential operations and our ability to figure out how to do them. I think this is a good time to talk about it if you wouldn't mind. If you take a look at what has happened with us in Bethesda, what has happened with us at Santana Row, what's happened with us behind Congressional -- we know how to build residential and I think we do a really good job on it. If you were back in 2008 when we opened up Bethesda Row's upstairs product, 180 units there, we underwrite $2.55 and we hit $2.40 or $2.39 or something like that. So we missed those numbers in 2008 too and if you can imagine what 2008 was like, I think that is probably understandable. We're at $3.10 a foot today and that is an over 3% CAGR over that period of time in a market that also has a lot of additional supply. So the notion that -- and from my perspective, the prudence to take that 7% to 6% to 7% is simply a recognition of not only the supply in the market but what is happening to create that real street with the second phase right on top of the other. And accordingly, I just didn't feel right keeping that number where it was. But I am hoping that you don't view that as, well, my gosh, what in the world are these guys doing in residential. Take a look at Bethesda, take a look at the actual numbers in the West Coast, take a look at Congressional and I think you will feel a whole lot different about it. But that is where we're -- $2.40 to the mid-$2.50s or so over the period of time that we have got it as opposed to something that was much closer to $2.85 or $2.90.
Jeff Donnelly: I don't know, Dan, if you have had anything to add on there?
Dan Guglielmone: I think I will point you to -- in terms of the ramp up, we have added that additional disclosure on page 16 of our supplemental where we -- I think that gives a fairly good guidance with regards to how property operating income at Phase 1 of Pike & Rose will ramp up. We project kind of a stabilized $17.5 million property operating income on Phase 1 and we -- in 2017 our assumptions assume that we will get about 75% of that income in 2017. And it will progress into 2018 and stabilize in 2019 at that number. I think that that provides -- and I think for each of the phases that we have made an attempt to kind of give you that guidance, you can see how that ramp up progresses.
Jeff Donnelly: And just sticking with Pike, where, Don, where are the retail rents that you are sort of achieving for Pike today compared to original pro forma? Have you seen sort of differing trends versus the residential? Just curious how that is sort of sorted out.
Don Wood: Yes, that is a good question. Right where we expected them to be in that first phase, but even there a little slower than we had hoped. And the second phase, the big pieces that we have in place -- where is that schedule that has what was leased? The big stuff that we have on schedule; the smaller stuff that is to come will be weaker. So there will be a little diminution I expect on the retail rents that we're getting. In total on the project where we're today 48 plus 16 -- 64% of POI is already -- is basically leased or heavily under lease negotiations now and at 77% of the GLA. So a lot of it is locked in including the big important boxes that need to be there from Porsche to Pinstripes to H&M, Sur La Table, Lucky, REI, etc.
Jeff Donnelly: And you kicked off condo sales at Assembly in I think Q2. How has the pace and price of sales there performed versus your expectation?
Don Wood: Yes, the easy one to talk about is Assembly. We're kicking it. We have got like 55 of them already locked up way ahead of where we thought and ahead of the numbers that we thought we were going to get. And at Pike & Rose we're on pace, it is only -- I think we have got 19 or 20 of them effectively of 100 done and those have been done at or about where the underwriting was. That also though has slowed down, it has been the same kind of slow process over the last three months that we saw at -- we see in the rental product. So I am looking for this election to get over; I am looking for some sense of freedom, if you will, in the greater Washington DC markets, particularly Montgomery County.
Jeff Donnelly: And just the last one and I will yield the floor. You guys have a lot on your plate going on. Are you still active in the acquisition market or are you kind of stepping back a little bit until all of this gets digested?
Don Wood: It is not an on/off switch as we've talked about before, it is a knob. And you turn it up as those markets look more attractive, you turn it down as they look less attractive. Certainly the stuff we have been looking at when you start talking about forecast and low forecast on a lot of this stuff is hard for us to make sense of. We absolutely remain in the market, we're on a couple of things right now that if they make I think are a real positive but we have got a ways to go to see if they can make. But again, it is not and on off switch, it is been deemphasized because you compare it to the premiums even at 6% obviously that you are getting in development.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. You may begin.
Christy McElroy: Maybe I missed this, but what is your overall same-store NOI growth guidance for 2017? And just in thinking about the trajectory of that growth rate through the year given the expectation that some of the anchor re-leasing will commence sort of midyear toward yearend, presumably you start to face much easier comps year over year. But in addition to the closings that have occurred, are you expecting further closings next year? So, done -- proactively pursued or otherwise, as you said in the release?
Dan Guglielmone: Well, I will take the first piece of that first. With regards to our [indiscernible] of what is embedded in same-store guidance for next year. Given some of the volatility and just the amount of moving pieces in our anchor repositioning initiatives, we think that kind of staying in line with this year, kind of a 3% area is what we have in our model. There are a couple of boxes that we project will be coming back. One is already re-leased. The AC Moore box at Assembly Row which effectively we proactively went after, it is still occupied and they will vacate at the end of the year. That space will be vacant for most of 2017 until Trader Joe's takes a big chunk of it.
Don Wood: Same with Bay Club here at Santana Row which is being converted out and transferred to another use. It is going to be a very big closet, but it is going to come out in 2017. So that process is and I think should continue. Net-net you should see increases overall, particularly as you get into the latter part of the year, though.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then just a follow-up on Jeff's question, you talked about slower growth, expecting slower growth in residential rent at Phase 1 of Pike & Rose. But are you actually expecting there to be any rolldown of resi rents at Palace or PerSei over the next year or so? And maybe you can give some color on how the retail and restaurants are performing in the midst of all the construction.
Don Wood: Yes. No, we don't expect rents to roll down at Palace and PerSei. In fact, one of the things that has been very clear is they continue to command a premium in the marketplace and that is a real important fact. We're not going to see -- I don't think we're going to see the increases that I had hoped that we were going to see as the rest of the supply in the marketplace dissipated a little bit given the construction that is underway. The construction has absolutely impacted the Phase 1 restaurants a little bit. The restaurants are doing fine, just not great. The retailers are not doing well until that second phase opens up. So there is clearly softness throughout Pike & Rose. But it is funny, you have got both Milam and you have got Guglielmone who both live there and spend their time there. And every single time they come in and say, don't worry about it, we're cooking in terms of getting it right. Also with respect to the construction and how that is moving along, we're moving along on time and on budget which I am really pleased about. So that the -- and when you look at who is coming here, REI is not adding new space; REI is relocating from two miles away or a mile and a half away to a place that is a whole lot better in terms of what they believe their future customer is, the same with Porsche, the same with a number of the restaurants and retailers that we're talking about for Phase 2. So what we're seeing -- and that makes me really happy because it is not adding more retail supply into the marketplace, it is relocating the better tenants to a better product. That is what you should expect as we move forward. But we have got to get Phase 2 open.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. You may begin.
Mike Mueller: Question on the disruption I guess at Pike & Rose. How come we keep hearing about the disruption there but we don't necessarily hear about it at Assembly? What is unique to Pike & Rose where it is becoming more of an issue than it is at Assembly?
Don Wood: It is really clear, it is really easy to say, the market stinks compared to Assembly. So you have construction -- same thing going on at Assembly, but you have got a very strong residential market. You have power right through to the extent human beings are coming in deciding where they are going to live compared to what their supply choices are. At Pike & Rose in Montgomery County, we don't have that luxury. There are other choices; there are other places. There was lower rent, bad debt alternatives that you can take given the environment that is there. If you just think about that in so many different ways, when you have a strong market, some of the stuff that is happening out here in Silicon Valley and we're having this call from Silicon Valley today [indiscernible]. It's just blowing me away the things people will do and put up with when there is limited supply in the marketplace, it just doesn't matter. There is a lot of choice in the markets, it does.
Mike Mueller: Okay. And then for that second bucket where you are walking through for the 2017 bridge and you talked about the development and value creation drag. How much of that $0.06 to $0.10 is really tied to the Miami kicking off those projects as opposed to Pike & Rose and Assembly?
Don Wood: Yes, it is a couple of cents in Miami. We really thought should we put that in guidance, should we talk about that. But here is what is happening in Miami. Let's talk about that for a few minutes. The easier of the two to talk about is CocoWalk. CocoWalk -- the dilution that would come from CocoWalk is part of a plan that would knock down part of the shopping center and affectively redevelop physically a big part of the shopping center. And obviously -- from demolition cost to lost rents to disruption, obviously that is dilutive. To the extent we can't get the numbers to work -- and again, that will come through investment committee next year -- we won't do that. But I did not want to not include that in guidance to the extent that we can get to it. Over at Sunset it is a different story. At Sunset -- there is a broken property. We have known that from the beginning, we had some nice income and FFO from that property in the first couple years that we had it. But obviously that income stream is being reduced as the conversation of a redeveloped property becomes very clear and as tenants sit there and don't perform. So there we know we have got at least another year of entitlement work to do to be able to get to what is a much more significant redevelopment. We're not -- the only impact in 2017 will be a slowly shrinking income stream over there. So most of what we're talking about here is CocoWalk and a little bit of Sunset in 2017.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Morgan with Canaccord. You may begin.
Paul Morgan: Just going to the 700 Santana that you talked about 2019 opening and 2021 stabilization. Obviously in the case of the Splunk site there it was pre-leased. Could you give any kind of color about how you think about the tenancy for 700 Santana, how much you would look to pre-lease, how kind of chunky it might be?
Jeff Berkes: Remember on 500 Santana Row we did not pre-lease that building. We started at spec and after construction was underway we leased 100% of the building. So just want to make sure you understand that. Before I get into specifics on how we intend to approach the leasing of 700 let me tell you what 700 is. 500 Santana Row was adding an office building to Santana Row and a bunch of parking spaces that we can use nights and weekends. 700 is a lot more than that. With 700 Santana Row we're capping off the end of Santana Row. And really for all intents and purposes, except for our last residential project over on the east side of the site, we're finishing Santana Row. So 700 Santana Row is some 30,000 square feet or about that of additional retail and a restaurant on the ground floor with a magnificent plaza in front of it that is really going to complete how Santana looks and feels. And it is a 1,300 space parking garage which is going to significantly add to the parking pool at the end of the street and help us drive rents and sales for the south end of Santana Row. So, unlike 500 Santana, it is not just a spec office building, it is kind of a signature development that really caps off and finishes 700 Santana -- or finishes Santana Row. Now, as it relates to the lease up of the office space, we're already out in the market, it is way early, we already have a couple of nibbles which are exciting. But leasing really will kick off in earnest, like it does with every building in Silicon Valley, when there is actually a hole in the ground and construction activity and that is not going to be until sometime next year. As we get into the year and we start to do tours and field interest in the building we will be making a decision about whether we look to lease that building 100% to one tenant or whether we break it up. When we leased 500 we were very intent on leasing that building to one tenant. 700 we will have to wait and see. I think there is a higher likelihood we go multitenant at 700 which is why you are seeing an extended stabilization period vis-a-vis a building like 500.
Don Wood: The only thing, Paul, I would add to that is that -- and we had our Board out here and Jeff and I have been talking about it ad nauseam, is the requirement by tenants here, just like everywhere else in the country, to be in places that are fully amenitized and really environmentally friendly to what they are is huge. And the notion of the -- finishing up the back parts looking straight down Santana Row has a whole lot of appeal to a whole lot of office developers. And there is no other product that's gone -- that can be like that which is what we heard from Splunk which is why that [indiscernible] by the way validates this, in addition to AvalonBay having their West Coast headquarters here, in addition to --.
Jeff Berkes: Cushman & Wakefield.
Don Wood: Cushman & Wakefield, there is 300 Santana Row that is fully leased. So this is becoming or has become a far more validated office location. Of all the possible places to put offices at Santana Row that is the best spot. So with considering all of that we decided to move forward.
Jeff Berkes: Yes as you look through the supply pipeline, Paul, in the market right now there is really only one other sort of amenitized place where office tenants can go. And by the time we're leasing 700 that option may go away and we may be the only amenitized place. But regardless nobody has got the amenities we do. And like Don said, that is hugely, hugely important, to all the companies, tech and non-tech, in this market to recruit and retain employees. So we're pretty bullish on it.
Paul Morgan: I don't know if I missed it or not, but did you give the cost and yield target?
Jeff Berkes: Yes, it is in the 8-K on page 16.
Paul Morgan: Okay, I will take a look, thanks. So my other question then on -- going back to Pike & Rose, just bigger picture. If you kind of think about, you have had a lot of the mixed use projects and some kind of you have gone more all in and Pike & Rose you started more modestly. A lot of this is case-by-case and market-by-market, but in retrospect as you look at Pike & Rose, would you have tried to structure Phase 1 a little bit differently or was it just an issue in terms of the residential market there and kind of you still think the phasing was right?
Don Wood: Paul, hindsight is a tough way to look at things, there is no question about it that, given everything I know, we would've probably put the money that is in the residential building in Palace on the retail street first, at least I would have done that. We have some disagreement within the Company whether that made sense because at the time we did what we did for a very good reason. And that was the existing shopping center that was there which we did not disturb during the initial phase, was extremely productive. And effectively allowed us to move some of the tenants from that shopping center into the new shopping center like la Madeleine. So there would good reasons to do it, but it is important to have enough critical mass on the street to be able to create the environment. Now, if the residential market had stayed as strong as it was none of this would have mattered. And back to Mike Mueller's question before, the residential would have powered right through without the environment on the street fully created. But when you have a weakness in the marketplace there is no question that the reliance on or the help of the established retail street is a critical component. I don't know if that helps or not but that is what happened.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. You may begin.
Craig Schmidt: Looking at Pike & Rose and I guess Palace specifically, how much value is embedded in the top floors versus the rest of the building? So you may be 80% -- 86% leased but how much of that top floors -- is that value related to the rest of the building?
Don Wood: That is a good question, Craig. There is no question that the top floors and we have got, I don't know, 20 units, 12 left? 12 left to go up there. It is disproportionately higher. Those units have been slower going, that is part of the math in me feeling uncomfortable with the 7 number that was left there. So you are onto an important part of it. Basically, the lower floors and the cheaper rents have more price sensitivity in a weaker market effectively than we had hoped. So I can't do a percentage for you, but I will tell you that the preponderance of units left are in those upper floors and that that does -- we don't believe we're going to get the rents that we wanted to get to up there and particularly in the first roll or two.
Craig Schmidt: Okay and then just thinking about Pike & Rose in total, how much value is assigned to retail, office, resi and then other?
Don Wood: Gosh, I don't have that here. But, listen, man and you will never get me to think differently on this. These projects are integral, they are integrated projects. The retail is critical to the resi, the office is critical to the retail all the way around. So we look at them as total projects. So I don't have the pieces here. I suspect we will have it -- we can have it there for you in Phoenix. But you will never get me to suggest that those things would be looked at separately.
Craig Schmidt: And then just real quickly, in terms of the anchor closings, how many would you put in the bankruptcy bucket and how many would you put in your proactive repositioning bucket?
Don Wood: It is about half-and-half. I am looking in total, I have got spaces that are a couple of sixes. We're breaking them up, they are part of bigger redevelopment. So it is not as pure and as clear as you would like them there. But I would say about half-and-half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neil. You may begin.
Alexander Goldfarb: Just a question for you, you guys have obviously spent a lot of time thinking about the redevelopment projects that you are rolling out. You have a lot that you have done over the years with experience of Santana and Assembly and others. And it sounds like the residential -- like we understand that the residential Montgomery is more, so that is pressuring the rents on the residential side. But can you just walk through why the retail would be pressured there? Is that purely because some of the retail that leases at the smaller spaces is sort of directly attributing to how the residential is going and then those are amenity based and they are saying, hey, if the people aren't here I am not going to pay the rent? Or just help us walk through how those two are intertwined.
Don Wood: Well, I guess what I would say to you -- and Chris is here, I don't know if he would -- I assume he will add on to what I say. But the reality is today and we have been talking about this for a while, retailers -- and this includes the boxes, this includes small people -- small shop, it includes really most categories -- are a whole lot more cautious with their underwriting and they are a whole lot more -- the negotiations are more retail centric than they are landlord centric at the moment in a number of places. And when it comes to development the ability to underwrite sales in a new development is less predictable. So if the market is softer and I do believe the market generally is softer from the standpoint of propensity to take risks and it certainly is in the Washington DC area, then you underwrite lower numbers. Lower numbers at lower rent, lower rent is a harder negotiation, it takes longer to do and it also includes the other terms associated with it. That is really what it is about from my perspective as I sit and say it. The other thing and you see it up in Assembly to the other -- going the other way, when you have got a big sample size of a first phase retail project there and that first phase is very successful it makes it a whole lot easier to lease that second phase. We don't have a big sample size in the first phase of Pike & Rose and that goes a little bit back to the question that was asked before. And accordingly it is -- you have got tougher economics to negotiate here. Having said that, I just don't -- I don't want to -- I can't over emphasize enough the fact that the anchor system in the second phase is done and is critical to the project. So even if rents are a little lower in the remaining small shop space, that is not -- it is not a big cause for the differential in the yield.
Chris Weilminster: I would just add -- I would add on exactly what Don said and I would just remind you we have got 1 million feet on Rockville Pike, we need to make sure that we differentiate our projects. Pike & Rose is truly unique and authentic to anything else we own on Rockville Pike. The fact that we're almost 80% leased on our retail in the Phase 2 GLA is fantastic. So just keep all of that in mind as you are talking through that. As we get more strength as the street is open, as the experience can be more of a full experience for the consumer it is only going to get stronger.
Alexander Goldfarb: Right. Yes. No, look you go to the site, you can see that. But I guess the question is, Don, from what -- when you guys talked about sort of at NAREIT and in second quarter when you revised down the yield expectations until now and now they are being revised down. I guess is it just that the market has been continued soft so therefore that has impacted the retail discussions more? And then the second part of that is for Dan G., should we expect then with the delay through 2019 until stabilization, does that mean that this project weighs on earnings until then? Or there are other things in the Company that will act as offset, so it is not as though mentally we think about Pike & Rose weighing on the Company through 2019, but it is that it takes longer to stabilize but there are other positive offsets to that within the total organization?
Don Wood: The Phase 1/Phase yield reductions are largely residential. Don't make a big deal about the retail, it is not that, that is the answer to the first part of the question. The second part of the question is Pike & Rose is accretive to the Company. It is not weighing down the Company. We're talking about a value additive project here. And if you look year-over-year, I mean they gave you the numbers of the income that has contributed from this project and that continues to go up. So it was not that at all. And certainly when coupled with the anchor lease up, when coupled with the opening of Splunk and other development projects, when coupled with the redevelopments all the way through that the total Company continues. And as I started to say at the beginning of my remarks, our business plan is flat on right where we thought it was going to be in total over that long term. So, you clearly have a soft period of time here and from an accounting perspective, if you will, a cash flow perspective relative to value creation, but not from a long term value creation perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Hoglund with Jefferies. You may begin.
George Hoglund: Just one question in terms of kind of medium term strategywant to look past the current projects. Kind of what is your appetite to do further projects or take back certain anchor space that will cause near term drag? Because I fully get the longer term value creation here. But what is that appetite to take more space back, things that will cause that near term drag to where, okay, 2017 growth will be muted, but then if you do more projects will then 2018 be muted as well because of these longer term value creation projects?
Don Wood: George, it is such a great question and it so gets down to the balance of the business plan. And I tried to address this in my remarks as best I could, the combination of all of the things, including the decentralization which is really working well as it relates to getting to redevelopment and getting the focus. Those things, as you have pointed out, are dilutive in the short term. There is a lot of it, there is no doubt about that. It is happening at the same time that the two major development projects, Pike & Rose and Assembly Row, are coming up to the heavy construction phases which are also dilutive. So all of those things happening at the same time have the balance, moves down to 4% growth rather than 6% or 7% growth or as they are coming out 8% or 9%. If we don't do any more, George, you are looking at 8% and 9% earnings growth. The notion of getting there but not having additional future raw material doesn't excite me. So I suspect what you will see is heads down and executing what we have, a slow down at the period of new raw material for new projects for the bulk of 2017 to allow us to get back into balance. But this long term business plan includes those initiatives as the way that we create value. So you will see them. I am not going to tell you every year you have to wait until next year, you have to wait until the year after that, you have to wait until the year after that for earnings because that is not fair to do and it is not what our anticipation is. You should see an acceleration in 2018, you should see an acceleration in 2019 of the earnings growth rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Lucas with Capital One Securities. You may begin.
Chris Lucas: Just a couple of quick questions, Dan, just going back to the same-store NOI guidance for next year that you softly provided. Is that inclusive or exclusive redevelopment? And just trying to understand whether or not things like CocoWalk would be included in your thoughts or not?
Dan Guglielmone: Yes, that is inclusive of redevelopment. And, yes, we're including CocoWalk in that number which obviously will have a negative impact on that number and that is why --. There is a lot going on; I think with our anchor repositioning, with including CocoWalk and Sunset, but that 3% is something we're -- area is something we're comfortable with.
Chris Lucas: And then just do you have any maybe additional color on guidance as to what relates to maybe G&A?
Dan Guglielmone: G&A for next year is going to be call it $36 million, $37 million, roughly about $9 million a quarter.
Chris Lucas: And then last question, Don, the development exposure, at least as it relates to CIP, is continuing to move higher as you guys put more money into projects that will deliver revenue down the road. Do you have a sense as to what peak CIP levels will be? And then when you think about how you manage risk what are you comfortable with and how do you measure that risk as it relates to the amount of development that is in progress?
Don Wood: Yes, that is a very fair question, Chris. And by the way, CIP at the end of the fourth quarter will be lower than CIP at the end of the third quarter as we put the Splunk building into service. And that is, for all intents and purpose, a stabilized building. So the notion that it will continue to always rise is not what you should be assuming. Basically at the end of the day 10% of the value of this Company with respect to big development is what I feel comfortable with and not more than that. In fact, if you sit back and you take a look at -- take a look over the last three years, you will see that we peaked even higher than we're today a couple of years ago, I can't remember [indiscernible] -- remember what year it was, 2013 -- when effectively we had all the Phase 1s that were not yet in service but going. So you are seeing this heavy construction in the Phase 2s right now. Those things, as they are put into service, will reduce the CIP. And I don't think -- I think the way you should look at it is debt to EBITDA coverage which we're very comfortable with in the low to mid-5s, fixed charge coverage through the roof is kind of why we have refunded a bunch of this development in the form of reducing our leverage in the Company, terming out for 30 years what we got. But on a broad basis, Chris, look at 10% of the enterprise value as kind of our rough estimate of the math. It is really much more limited by our debt coverage, though and our fixed charge coverage and what we place into service.
Operator: Thank you. I am showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Leah Andress for closing remarks.
Leah Andress: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We do have a few additional meeting slots open for NAREIT. If you would like to meet with the team, please reach out to me directly. We look forward to seeing many of you in two weeks at the conference. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Leah Andress - IR Associate Don Wood - President & CEO Dan Guglielmone - CFO Jeff Berkes - EVP & President, West Coast Chris Weilminster - EVP & President, Mixed-Use Division Melissa Solis - VP & CAO
Analysts: Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Christy McElroy - Citi Jeremy Metz - UBS Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Vineet Khanna - Capital One Securities Jason White - Green Street Advisor Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Floris van Dijkum - Boenning
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Federal Realty Investment Trust Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Leah Andress. Ma'am, you may begin.
Leah Andress: Thank you. Good morning. I would like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are John Wood, Dawn Becker, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. These documents are available on our Web site at federalrealty.com. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our second quarter 2016 results. Don?
Don Wood: Thanks, Leah, and good morning, everybody. I want to be the first to publicly welcome new CFO, Dan Guglielmone -- it is best to just call him Dan G -- to the Federal Realty senior team. As most of you know, Dan joined us from Vornado, where he served as Senior Vice President, Capital Markets and Acquisitions. He will have those roles here too in addition to oversight of accounting, reporting and Investor Relations. He is going to do great here and play an important partnership role on the executive committee, on investment committee and day-to-day interaction. Dan came in for the Board meeting earlier this week and is here with us today on the call. We will even make him available to answer your questions. He will be on full-time later this month and can be reached in Rockville at extension 8232. Welcome, Dan. Now the quarter. It was a really good one, better than we expected with improved occupancy, a strong collections effort and a ton of leasing, more than 100 deals and 467,000 feet of total square footage, all of which resulted in FFO per share of $1.42, nearly 7% better than last year's quarter and the highest quarterly result we have ever recorded. Remember, this is happening at a transitional time in our company, when we are realigning our operations organization and adding and changing staff positions, when we are building and stabilizing two major development initiatives that are in the throes of disruptive construction in a weak apartment rental market in DC, when there is over $0.5 billion sitting on our balance sheet and construction in progress that is not producing an income stream yet, but certainly will be. And some of the most sought after compelling product types in the country and some of the most sought after real estate locations in the country. I am really pleased with how our team is responding and the solid progress we are making. Our heads are down and we are executing and the long-term looks as good as ever. When you break down the components of that FFO quarter-over-quarter result, you will see that it is broad-based; top line revenue increase of over 9% and operating income increase of nearly 7.5% that had contributions from everywhere. Had contributions from the Sunset, CocoWalk and Clarion joint venture acquisitions in for the full quarter; contributions from same center growth that beat our internal expectations at 3.5%; contributions from strong redevelopment results from The Point, from East Bay Bridge, from Westgate from Willow Lawn among others; income contributions from Pike & Rose and Assembly Row of nearly $5 million, up significantly over last year's quarter; marginally lower interest expense despite higher borrowings as we continue to drive portfolio rate down, and SG&A that is well under control. Top to bottom every piece of the business is contributing. Last month, as I am sure you have heard, read, we have opportunistically accessed the 30-year unsecured bond market at a spread of only 160 basis points over the 30 year treasury where we are REIT record-setting 3 5/8 coupon, 3.75% effective yield and $250 million. In effect, world economic dislocation and the flight to quality both in real estate and to credits like ours made the timing of that move really compelling. Now that money paid down the line completely with some left over in sitting in a bank for a few months, but that deal is dilutive to earnings for the balance of year by $0.03 to $0.04 per share and we have adjusted our guidance by the low side of that amount in order to be prudent. But, our current construction underway expected to return 300 plus basis points in excess of that money over the next couple of years, 30-year debt short felt like a good call. Okay, a little more detail on the quarter and then onto the outlook. On a sequential quarter basis, the percentage of the entire portfolio that is leased ticked up to 94.5% at June 30, compared with 94.1% at March 31. Melissa will talk about Sports Authority in a few minutes but for purposes of occupancy and absent offsetting leasing, we would expect a 50 basis point hit by the end of the third quarter. As I mentioned earlier, leasing results for the quarter were strong, 91 comparable deals done for 373,000 feet of space at $38.21 a foot, 12% higher on a cash basis than the deals they replaced. That is up 17% on anchors, 10% on small shops. It is up 23% on new leases, 7% on renewals. A couple of the most consequential deals include an important merchandising upgrade at the power center portion of Assembly Square where Trader Joe's will replace A.C. Moore at significantly higher rent beginning late in 2017 and should also help create even more tenant demand when the adjacent Sports Authority vacates later this year. Also in the first couple of days in July, we were thrilled to complete the last piece of the puzzle for the leasing of the power center portion of Melville Mall on Long Island with an extremely well regarded Italian specialty grocer called Uncle Giuseppe's taking the former Waldbaums box at a higher rent. There is not a grocer that we would have rather have done a deal with than these guys at this location on Long Island. Check out the Web site. Uncle Giuseppe's along with the new Field & Stream deals and Dick's deals over the past couple of quarters is transforming this property and with A&P out of there, we are now actively working on adding additional GLA for shops and restaurants assuming we can get the entitlements. That is what we are working on so stay tuned. By the way, I'm fresh off a trip to review the completion of two of our latest shopping center redevelopments, Tower Shops in Florida and Mercer Mall in New Jersey. I left thoroughly impressed with a real sense of pride in the transformation. Not only did they look great with full parking lots but consider this, total combined investment before redevelopment of those two shopping centers was $175 million producing property operating income of $14 million. Total combined investment after redevelopment was $215 million, $40 million more, producing operating income of $21 million, $7 million more. Value creation at a simplified cap both before and after redevelopment so no assumed benefit from obvious cap rate contraction of $100 million over four years. Our ability to transform big properties like this, Tower Shops is 370,000 square feet, Mercer Mall is 0.5 million square feet. It is one of the most important components of our business plan and one we are extremely proud of. It is good to own great real estate and have a creative team that can also execute. On the big development side, no surprises, discontinued execution at Assembly, Pike & Rose and Building 11, that is the Splunk building, at Santana Row. Couple of points on each for you to consider. At Assembly, phase one done, stabilized with every building at least 95% leased and occupied. Because of some free rent in the office tenants you have to burn off income will continue to increase next year. Nearly 2000 employees going to work each day at Partners Healthcare as of today, double that next year, have already created higher shopping and restaurant traffic.  Now dust and noise are the flavors of the day as roughly 40% of the phase two spend has been incurred and we remain on time and on budget. The Office Occupation, the T-stop usage, the Trader Joe's deals in the adjacent Tower Center I talked about before, all these really show just how important this community has become to the north side of the city. By the way, check out the video NAREIT did featuring Assembly on nareit.com and as you would expect, it is also available on our Web site. Good things happening at Pike & Rose too, though the pressure on residential rents throughout the market surely isn't subsiding. Leasing pace, however, progresses well with the Big Palace Luxury Tower now 84% leased and PerSei, the other residential building there, remaining in the mid-90s. With our current pace of leasing we expect to be at stabilized occupancy by year-end as planned. Nike opens in the old city sports space in a couple of weeks and like at Assembly, noise and dust continue as about one-third of the phase two construction budget has been spent. More than half of the retail space is spoken for in the new phase two at this point with tenants like Pinstripes, Porsche, H&M, Lucky, REI, Red Door Spots, Sephora, Taylor Gourmet. The environment is shaping up as well or better than we had hoped. What we really could use here is a bit of firming on the pricing in the residential market which is bound to happen sooner or later. And on the West Coast, Splunk is expected to occupy the building by January and the execution of this construction and build out has been nearly flawless. We continue to see strength at Santana not only in terms of its desirability as an office location, but also with respect to residential rents that continue to grow above our expectations. The tale of two cities when comparing Silicon Valley and Washington DC on the residential side. In Florida, plans for our new Miami acquisitions, Sunset Place and CocoWalk continue to progress well and are being vetted by our senior team and partners. The decisions as to the direction and initial phases should go to investment committee later this year at which point we will lay out what we have in mind. It is likely that we will want to add office and residential components in some variation at these properties. In the meantime, we are heavily focused on grassroots engagement with the local communities and are increasingly optimistic that we will be able to afford the viable and value creative changes at both locations. At Sunset, we will need zoning changes that permit more height to come up with a viable plan yet we would hope to start out with a retail renovation of the existing important sections of the project first. Fingers crossed, we will see. On the acquisition front, we are working through a number of important deals and though pricing remains uncomfortably rich, we are not afraid to step up to the plate for the right real estate. Nothing to report on this call, but we are working hard and hope to have more talk about over the next couple of calls. Jeff Berkes and I will debrief and engage Dan as one of his first orders of business. I have asked Melissa to talk about the Sports Authority impact, our balance sheet activity including yesterday's announced dividend hike for the record setting 49th consecutive year, big celebration for the 50th next, as well as our full-year earnings expectations. And I'm going to ask Dan G. to introduce himself before we open up the line to your questions afterwards. But right now, Melissa?
Melissa Solis: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. We will start with an update on Sports Authority. First, all five of our spaces were occupied and rent paying through June 30. The lease at Montrose Crossing here in Rockville, Maryland was assumed by Value City Furniture so we will have no down time or lost rent on this one. With respect to the lease at East Bay Bridge in Emeryville, California, Dick's Sporting Goods obtained designation rights for the lease and we are currently in negotiations with Dick's to take over the space. We will know more on this one in the next 60 days. So lease at Crow Canyon was rejected effective July 1, with Brick Plaza and Assembly Square Marketplace vacant as of August 1. All outstanding AR for these spaces was 100% reserved as of June 30. In total, we are losing 103,000 square feet of lease space which results in a 50 basis point decline in occupancy that we will see in Q3. The spaces have a total base rent of $2.1 million or $20.50 per square foot and we expect to be able to release the spaces at rents 10% to 20% higher. We are in discussions with tenants for each of the spaces, final leases will of course take time, typically a full year before new rent starts. For the rest of 2016, we expect these three spaces will impact FFO by approximately $0.02 and of course be a drag to our Q3 and Q4 same center metrics. Enough about Sports Authority. Yesterday, we announced an increase to our quarterly dividend of $0.04 per share to a quarterly rate of $0.98 and an annual indicative rate of $3.92 per share. This is our 49th year of consecutive increases, the longest in the REIT sector and one of the longest for all public companies. While we talk a lot about it, this is something we couldn't be more proud of, to be able to pay our shareholders more every year for almost half a century is pretty awesome. Now turning to the balance sheet. During the quarter, we issued $59 million of equity on our ATM at a weighted average price of $156.24 per share bringing our year-to-date ATM issuances to $92 million. In July, we opportunistically issued $250 million of 30-year senior unsecured debt at a coupon of 3.625% and an effective rate of 3.75%. We ended the quarter with 18% debt to market cap, net debt to EBITDA of 5.2x and a weighted average tenure of our debt of over 11 years after reflecting the July offering. This leaves us lots of flexibility with respect to the balance sheet and locking in these historically low rates will benefit our company for a long time to come. From a capital standpoint, we expect to incur about $250 million in development and redevelopment spend in the second half of 2016 as both phase twos at Assembly Row and Pike & Rose are fully under construction. The cost will be funded with the remaining proceeds from the July bond offering, equity under our ATM and the line of credit, all with an eye toward maintaining net debt to EBITDA in the low to mid 5 range. Absent a significant acquisition, we do not plan to issue additional long-term debt in 2016. Now turning to guidance. We have adjusted our guidance range to reflect the incremental interest expense from the July bond offering. We had not anticipated accessing the long-term debt market until late in 2016 or early 2017 and consequently had assumed funding on our line of credit. The impact is $0.03 to $0.04 and our updated FFO per diluted share guidance range adjusted the low-end of that to a range of $5.62 to $5.68. A few additional items to note about our guidance range as well as items having an outsized impact in the second half of 2016 compared to the first half. First, consistent with our past practice, our guidance range does not include any future acquisitions or dispositions. The range includes the loss of the three Sports Authority spaces I discussed earlier which is a drag of approximately $0.02 per share. We will have additional compensation costs associated with our new CFO of approximately $0.015 in the second half of 2016. We still expect same center including redevelopment for the year to be in the 3% area. Given our year-to-date metric as of 6/30 was 3.8%, we do expect some deceleration in the second half of the year as we feel the impact of the Sports Authority vacancies, anchor rollover timing and expected more normalized levels of bad debt expense. We expect this to be concentrated more in Q3 as we will see additional rent starts late in the year for anchor tenants like Saks at Congressional, TJ Maxx at Pentagon Row and Field & Stream at Melville. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Dan to introduce himself before we open up the call to your questions. Dan?
Dan Guglielmone: Thank you, Melissa. I just want to say a few quick remarks. First, let me say how thrilled I am to be here at Federal starting in a little over a week. Federal is a company whose management team, business strategy and balance sheet philosophy I've truly admired from afar over the past several years and I am really looking forward to joining and becoming a value-added partner to Don, Melissa and the entire senior management team here at Federal. And second, let me just say how much I look forward to getting to know everyone that is here on the phone today over the next several months as I settle into my new role. Like I said, I could not be more excited to be here. Operator, I think we can now turn the call over to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Jeff Donnelly: Good morning, guys, and welcome aboard, Dan. If I could, I wanted to go to the California market so if Jeff is on the phone, I just wanted to get your sort of developing thoughts on just the competitive landscape for Santana now and in the future, just with Stanford completing a big renovation, Westfield obviously embarking on one and now Related has approvals for City Place. Just curious how you think not just about the incremental retail space, but also how that impacts your leasing options? Do think you guys could maybe lose the high-end if you will and could City Place maybe diminish the uniqueness of Santana?
Jeff Berkes: Hey, Jeff. Those are all good questions and clearly stuff we have been thinking about for a long time. I think I mentioned this on our prior call, Valley Fair at Westfield, they've had those entitlement since pre-recession so this is something that has been out there for a while and we think ultimately going to come to bear over the next few years. And from our perspective, we are doing what we can do which is being very aggressive about merchandising the Street, making Santana a great place to come, the addition of the Splunk building with 670 more parking spaces, redoing some of the common areas, all that kind of stuff here. And then thinking about the other parcels we have left to develop and how those are going to get developed out, all of that is being rolled into our thinking. And maintaining Santana's uniqueness in the marketplace is a great place to come and spend time and meet friends and eat out and shop and live and work and all that kind of stuff. And so far everything has gone very, very well. We do expect some headwinds of course when Valley Fair starts the expansion. That is going to be a little bit of a dogfight for a few years but long-term, we are not concerned about it. As it relates to City Place, I don't know, there is still a lot to be written on that development. I would never bet against Related but they've got a long ways to go there and geographically it is a little bit difficult to figure out how that intercepts a lot of our primary shopping traffic so more space in the market always affects everybody and they are putting a lot of space into the market but again long-term we are not overly concerned about that. Stanford is a huge benefit.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Why do you say it's a benefit? And I guess when the dust settles -- I know that is a few years from now -- do think your retail positioning changes at all, and maybe you build more restaurants and away from fashion? I guess maybe another question is, are there any critical tenants for you or anchor type tenants there at Santana that expire in the next few years?
Jeff Berkes: Jeff, you know Santana pretty well and you know since they opened 14 years ago that the mix of the tenancy here has changed and a lot of the luxury has shifted out already and that happened a long, long time ago and really didn't affect us here at all in terms of our shopper traffic and sales of the property. So the high-end going across the street to Valley Fair and continuing to do so, I don't think matters. Our whole strategy with Santana Row as it relates to not only the experience we provide people that come here to shop, but also tenants who say look, if it is your 400th store, you should probably be at Valley fair. If it is your 10th, 20th or 50th store, you are very sensitive about the image you project to your customer base, Santana is where you should be and we have been very successful over the last few years bringing in some really great merchants like Kate Spade and Made Well and Bonobos and WarbyParker and the list goes on and on and that is continuing to happen in spite of the fact that everybody knows that the Valley Fair expansion is going to happen. So, like I said and like Don said in his comments, our heads are down and we are doing what we need to do on a day to day basis to continue to maintain our position in the marketplace.
Jeffrey Donnelly: And just sticking to that area, I know this is a different county and sort of a different property type, but San Mateo recently put the topic of rent control on the ballot out there. Just as someone who is local I'm curious what your reaction is to that and do think if it has legs, it has the risk of flopping over if you will to Santa Clara or not a concern, if I think about it.
Jeff Berkes: I mean all the communities up and down the peninsula are considering that right now and if it is not on the ballot in November, it has already happened or it is going to happen, right? I mean the cost of housing here is a big issue and everybody knows that. San Jose has had rent control for a very long time and they recently tweaked some of the rules around how that rent control works. That primarily affects owners of much, much older product than we have and even when you work through it, rent control in and of itself is in my mind not a good thing. But it doesn't really have the adverse impact in a normal market. So yes, I think you are going to continue to see that and how the rubber meets the road is still TBD, but generally speaking most rent control laws are dealing with much older product.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Just a last quick one for Melissa, do you have an estimate of when I guess the decentralization plan will be fully implemented and be in the new run rate for G&A?
Don Wood: 2017, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. I was wondering if you could provide a quick update on Sunset Place and the recent lease up that you have shown?
Don Wood: Surely. So the recent lease up is the Restoration Hardware deal that is taking long vacant space for what will be a short-term deal for them. It may turn out to be a long-term deal but a short-term deal and they simply looked at the location of the real estate and said we don't know what you guys are going to do long-term, but this is a place that we need to be right now and we think we can do a lot of business out of there. So that is what that was about. I want to talk about in terms of longer-term and basically here is the situation. As you know this is a dysfunctional property that has not been good for a long time. What we are doing right now, the dawn side of our business, the operating side of the business is doing everything again it can to keep it moving, to do new deals like that and to keep it in place. The development side of our business is saying this needs to be fixed. It will be fixed if we can get the entitlement to do so in two stages. One will be part of that property that is the best functioning part of the property today needs to be fixed up. There will be effectively a renovation to create a good shopping center there. The second part of the property will in order to do what the real estate needs, need to go vertical. We will need entitlement changes to do that. The question will be do we do the first part without the entitlement for the second part? That we are not sure about yet. In fact we are leaning toward no until we know that we can get the entitlements to make the whole thing make sense. That is why I have been less forthcoming with respect to our plans. We know what we're trying to get to but it really is going to depend upon the ability to get the entitlements to do so and that should happen over the next year and we will have an economic plan before that time to the extent we get them.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. I'm guessing it is probably way too early for some type of dollar spending scope?
Don Wood: It is, I would be guessing right now. I don't want to do that to you.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And just a general question. Have you guys adjusted your return hurdles at all or thinking about it just given the interest rate environment and probably every market environment we are in right now?
Don Wood: A little bit. We have come down a little bit in terms of what we want. We are willing to be more aggressive on acquisitions for the right property and a lot of that frankly is around where we are able to do 30-year money. That has changed things for us. The ability to do that not everybody can do 30-year because I do believe you've got to match the left side with the right side and I don't think 10 years is long enough frankly. So that has helped us an awful lot in thinking that through. But I have to say it is not about can you do acquisitions or not do acquisitions in my view. It is about where do you allocate capital and how do you allocate capital? As you know and Melissa just said, who has got $0.25 billion to spend in the balance of this year on development projects that are expected to yield 300 basis points plus over what we are borrowing at? So when you think about capital allocation it is not so much about is there an acquisition to do, it is about is there a way to grow. I mean any public REIT has to continue to grow. We just feel fortunate that we have the development opportunities to be able to do that and there certainly will be an occasional acquisition and we will certainly stretch to step up to what we need to step up to do for that occasional acquisition but I stress occasional.
Ki Bin Kim: Do you think private market cap rates in general for a good quality real estate has moved at all in the recent half-year or so or is that pretty much as well as a cycle?
Don Wood: I think that is pretty darn consistent. Jeff, do you have anything to add to that?
Jeff Berkes: Yes. I think things have gotten a little bit more expensive over the last three to six months. So cap rates I think and IRRs are a little bit lower than they were three to six months ago. So we continue to see in the markets where we do business particularly out here in California, cap rates being in the 4 range and unusually the low 4 range and IRRs with an aggressive exit cap rate assumption in the 5s and low to mid 5s and I think that is somewhat consistent depending on the market and the asset over the last year, or so but I think things have strengthened in the last half a year.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is now open.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning. Just two questions here. First, actually for Jeff, just out in California maybe just more general if you could just give an update on what you are seeing on the health of northern California as far as -- the apartment guys were talking about you obviously oversupply, but also softness on the job side and the tech. And then, you listen to the office guys and it seems like office is pretty good. So can you just give us your sense of what is going on in northern California as far as the economy and your expectations as you look out to next year?
Jeff Berkes: Yes, sure, Alex. I think the Bay Area gets painted with a broad brush which I think everybody understands and probably expects, but I think things are a little bit different maybe in San Francisco than they are in Silicon Valley right now particularly on the apartment side where there is a lot of product coming online in San Francisco. And when you think about what it costs to build a condo or an apartment in San Francisco, you've got to get a pretty high sales price or pretty high rent so most of the stuff that is coming online is targeting the same customer. And there is definitely some softness up there from what we have seen and heard both in condo sales prices and in apartment rents and concessions creeping back into the market. Down in the Valley, I think it is probably a little bit different. I mean like Don said in his comments, we are doing better on our rental increases at our apartments here and Santana Row than we expected to be doing this time of the year, this part of the cycle. And I think that goes to a couple of things of course. One is supply; there is a little bit of a supply lull at the moment. We will see how long that continues but also job growth and I think that is different between San Francisco and the Valley as well. Things might be a little bit more choppy in San Francisco as it relates to that, down here in Silicon Valley, they are very, very healthy. We look at job growth closely and we are still seeing not only a lot of jobs being added, but a big queue of unfilled jobs at most of the major employers. You are at sub-frictional unemployment rates right now in both San Francisco and Silicon Valley and there is a lot of competition still from the big firms to hire the right people and the big firms here are still very, very profitable and they have a ton of cash on their balance sheets and they are growing. And while that may not be at the same pace that it was a year or so ago, it is still extremely strong from a historical perspective. So we are really bullish on Silicon Valley right now, always cautious as you know but very bullish and I think what you are hearing is more broad brush effect than what we are seeing in our product.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. So bottom line is San Francisco maybe a little soft but Silicon Valley is still very strong it sounds like in your view?
Jeff Berkes: It is.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Second question.
Don Wood: Alex, let me say something about Santana Row a little bit and Donnelly asked about it before and I want to get this thought out of my head. The reality is similar to what we have seen on the East Coast, there is the supply that is around, the pickling on the office side is not necessarily what employers are looking for. So you see vacancies, you see "softness" in product that is in some respects not leasable and what has happened at Santana, while there is no question in my mind that we will be under pressure in terms of the rents that we will get on retail because of the Valley Fair expansion -- because of any kind of expansion when you add that much space over the next few years, the place itself is so solidified and is so good at what it is that we do benefit big time on both the residential and on the office. Now at the end of that street we are going to have to finish out one of these days and we are working through an office plan for the end of that street with retail on the ground floor and we are obviously boosted by the success that we have had with respect to Splunk. Now I'm not ready to announce that or to talk about that but given the environment, and all the comments you just heard from Jeff, we are going to have, there is going to be support around here to add incremental office and retail space to -- a small amount of retail, restaurant primarily -- space to Santana Row that captures what it is that we have done. And I think that type of environment, that aminity base, that place that we have created will serve us real well on the office and continue on the residential side. We got to get specific on the questions you are analyzing.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, Don, I appreciate that. Second question is maybe for Dan or Melissa. You guys issued debt earlier than you thought. Rates only seem to go one way for the past almost decade. A year out from now you have the Plaza El Segundo mortgage that comes due, pretty high coupon. As you guys think about your capital needs over the next year, is your view more let's get stuff early like you did with the 30 year; let's half the market early, maybe prepay? Or your view is now, look, rates just only seem to stay low anytime people try to hedge early or do anything early; it ends up costing because rates keep coming down. Given your balance sheet, it is not so bad; you can certainly support it to wait longer until that mortgage naturally matures? Or do you think about maybe attacking that early?
Don Wood: Listen, what you just said, Alex, is exactly right. Where we look at the future is very much determined by what we have done in the past, and now we have an awful lot of flexibility. So with respect to the particular loan that you are talking about at Plaza El Segundo, there is a requirement in our partnership agreement that we have some level of debt on that asset. And that particular loan is not prepayable until three months --.
Jeff Berkes: May.
Don Wood: May of next year. So the likelihood is we will wait until May to effectively do something there. And again, we will wind up putting probably some level of debt back on that property on a secured basis because we need to give tax protection to our partners. In almost any scenario we see, it will be a benefit. It will be cheaper than the debt that is there.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. That is helpful, Don. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is now open.
Christy McElroy: Hi, good morning, everyone. Just a follow-up on the cost of capital discussion, as you mentioned earlier, you just issued the 30-year debt in the mid-3s, your shares trade at we are calculating around a 3 on an implied rate basis. You might have the lowest weighted average cost of long-term capital of any REIT. You talked about being more aggressive on acquisitions for the right deals. I know you have always maintained a list of properties in the U.S. that you would want to own someday. With your cost of capital where it is today who knows how long that will last, are you being more proactive in going out to some of those owners to try to create your own supply of new deals?
Don Wood: Well, I don't know, Christy, that we are being more proactive. We are certainly being proactive. You may be seeing parts of that in the next few months and I will talk about that when I can. But again, I really need you to understand on the capital allocation side what we are putting to work in development and it is aggressive. I mean we are aggressively putting money to work in a way that is far more value creative than with any acquisition no matter what is available on the marketplace today. So it is not only, I only want to use this great cost of capital not to create one or two years worth of FFO, but to add value and right now it is pretty darn clear that the development alternatives over the acquisition alternatives are a slam dunk. Now if we didn't have these development alternatives, you would see whole -- we got to grow, right, you got to keep going. That is the deal but we do and we do for years to come so that is really all I can say about that at this point.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then, just following up on the guidance I just want to understand sort of the delta. So you lowered guidance by $0.03. I understand the debt issue causes about a $0.03 to $0.04 drag. You've got Sports Authority in the back half of the year that is another $0.02, the additional comp is $0.015. I know you talked about this a little bit in your opening remarks but what are sort of the offsets to that? It seems like that all adds up to more than $0.03.
Melissa Solis: We did have better than expected during Q2 so I think there was some additional benefit from Q2 that was able to offset that, those negative throughout the rest of the year.
Don Wood: You know what it really is, Christy? It is our general sandbagging. It is the general reality that we wind up in running this portfolio with good things happening that we could not predict, that is what's happened. So we don't take every negative thing and reduce guidance for it and consider the base at this property -- the base of this real estate allows us to have things happen that are not predictable, whether that is a lease termination fee, whether that is collections. In the second quarter, we were incredibly successful with collections of some old stuff and that is -- nothing happened by itself. That happened with very aggressive running, but not something that we could have predicted. So that is when I say sandbagging, that is what I mean, it is not intentional sandbagging, it is a benefit of a great portfolio that good things happen. So I mean we are conservative people, we do the best we can to make sure we are not surprising you guys to the negative but things happen in this portfolio so we didn't take it all the way down.
Christy McElroy: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Metz with UBS. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Metz: Thank you, guys. In terms of the shops at Sunset, I think around the time of NAREIT, you are close to filing those -- indensification there. So just wondering have those been filed at this point? And if so, what has been the initial feedback so far there?
Don Wood: We have not filed them yet. We are working through the strategy with the government officials down there on what the right timing would be to file that and there are some things going on, but I would anticipate over the next 30 to 60 days we are going to be in a position to file.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. Then just in terms of the Sports Authority lease at Assembly Marketplace -- sorry if I missed this, but do you have control of that box and with the Trader Joe's already slated to come in, who is on the target for that space?
Don Wood: Yes. We do have control of the box. I don't want to give you the names of the tenants that we are talking to because we are having them compete with one another and trying to create the best deal, Jeremy. You understand that. But I will say if you take a look at the merchandising in that shopping center, particularly with the Trader Joe's announcement that they are coming in and the success of the Row, the [indiscernible] Plaza adjacent to it, I mean that is pretty much ground zero for boxes. So we would very much anticipate competition for space for that box.
Jeff Berkes: The only thing that I would just add is how really thrilled we are with our partner, Trader Joe's, that they are coming in with construction we have going on and all of the residential being added. It is a great co-tenant for those residents and there is already excitement and benefit that we are seeing.
Jeremy Metz: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Vincent Chao: Good morning, everyone. I just wanted to go back to the cost of capital kind of discussion and you mentioned the attractiveness of 30-year yields today. Obviously did a record-setting deal but just curious, your cost of equity looks pretty much equally attractive there and not that you need to delever further, but just wondering how you are thinking about equity versus 30-year when your FFO yields are pretty similar?
Don Wood: Absolutely. And it is a balance and you know, we will do, we will try to do about $50 million a quarter on the ATM for the next two quarters through the balance of the year. We have done a little bit more than 100 -- we have done $92 million in the first half of the year off of the ATM and as you know we did an overnight that way. So it is a balance. We are not trying specifically to delever. We are trying as you know to wind up -- we are working a 10-year business plan here where we are trying to double the earnings of the company from a few years ago. And in doing that, we said we'd do that and we are trying hard to do that on a leverage neutral basis. So that means when we lay out these development opportunities, when we consider new development opportunities or new acquisition opportunities, that does, we look opportunistically at both markets and we are accessing both markets. You will never find us going wholly one way or wholly another way. The beauty of this business plan is it's a balance.
Vincent Chao: Got it. What would be the downside of going more equity if the cost of that is similar?
Don Wood: We have got money going out in a big way to produce development returns. We are trying to do that in a way that results in 6%, 7%, 8% FFO per share growth a year, that is one component of the plan and you are right, does that matter for equity over debt? No. But we firmly believe that in not overly diluting shareholders in any one period of time to balance that with cost of debt that it 30 years is pretty close to equity frankly -- in balance that that makes sense. Does that mean that we couldn't do more equity? No, it doesn't mean we couldn't but we don't think we need to because all of these markets have been pretty even in terms of their value to us.
Vincent Chao: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from line of Vineet Khanna with Capital One Securities. Your line is now open.
Vineet Khanna: Good morning, folks. Just maybe could you talk about the demand that you are seeing for your Sports Authority boxes?
Don Wood: Sure, Chris, do want to do it? Jeff, do the West Coast, do the East Coast.
Chris Weilminster: Sure. Of course as Melissa mentioned, two of them are not really ours to manage. The two that we have here on the East Coast are brick, there is active negotiations going on with multiple tenants as part of the redevelopment of that property where we also had the A&P box we got back. So I would hope that in the next year or two, Don is going to talk about Brick Plaza and the vision for it just like he mentioned earlier on Mercer and Tower. I feel very confident about that. And as it relates to Assembly as we said earlier in the call, there is a lot of active interest. It is important from a merchandising standpoint to nail that with the right type of tenancy and take advantage of it being a complement to the Row property next door and the outlet mix on softgoods that we have. A lot of interest. As soon as we are able to provide you more guidance on exactly this time we will.
Don Wood: Let me add one thing to the bigger picture if I can on the vacancies in the boxes that we have. As you know we work hard to get vacancies from A&P and Sports Authority is giving us vacancies that we didn't necessarily count on, but we got them anyway along with LA Fitness and some of the other stuff we talked about in the past. You should know that since we started talking about that we have done five key deals, Uncle Giuseppe's at Melville, Field & Stream at Melville, Sachs Off Fifth at Congressional, Trader Joe's at Assembly, LA Fitness at Delmar. That is 200,000 square feet of deals where the old rent was about $18 a foot and the new rent is about $27. So the notion of what it is that we are doing -- does that guarantee that the remaining ones are going to be like that? Of course, not. But it does say that this idea of creating better shopping centers for the next 10 years is what our focus is and demand on the East Coast and then Jeff will got on the two on the West Coast, you will see that this real estate will not have a problem releasing and really changing completely the shopping centers that they are in that those Sports Authorities are in, particularly Brick.
Jeff Berkes: Out here on the West Coast, we have got two, a small format store in Crow Canyon which we have back and like Chris said, we have got multiple interest from retailers on that as well and the rent will be higher than the rent that Sports Authority was paying. And then at East Bay Bridge, Dick's acquired the designation rights to that lease so we don't know exactly how that is going to turn out, but I will tell you the lease rent is a low double-digit rent and we have interest from multiple tenants to take that should we get it back. But we don't control that at this point.
Vineet Khanna: Okay, great. And then just at Palace and PerSei, I know you guys talked about this a little bit, but have you seen any change in rents and in abatements there?
Don Wood: No, we really haven't. It has been from the last quarter to this quarter consistent including pace. Pace has been consistently good and the rents have been. I frankly have been looking for more, I've been look for a change in the Spiderman characteristics of the rent to be able to allow us to push rents and we have not seen that and also it has been consistent with what I've been talking about.
Vineet Khanna: Okay, great. And then just lastly, Don, has the vast majority of the East Coast operations restructuring related hiring been completed?
Don Wood: It has.
Vineet Khanna: Okay, great. Thanks for the time.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jason White with Green Street Advisor. Your line is now open.
Jason White: Hey, guys. Just a quick question on Pike, you talked about the construction hampering kind of the feel of what the property is going to become. When does the dust really settle there where it kind of becomes what it is going to be without all the construction?
Don Wood: It is really 18 months. We will be sitting there in 2018. The first tenants and this is the way the stuff kind of works, REI will be the first tenant in the next phase open and that will be open by the middle of next year. Then the numbers kind of follow after that, Pinstripes follows after that, those are in a smaller building. But the bigger building particularly the Tower that has condos on top, a hotel in the middle, retail on the ground floor and the adjacent building on the other side, we are going to be in 2018 as that is being turned over. So it is really that period of time, Jason. When those two things are done, you will see, you will feel what we are talking about. If I could get you onto the parking garage today at Pike & Rose and look out over it, you would get this completely. You would see exactly what I'm talking about. So really it is like anybody who is going to be on the East Coast anytime over the next 30, 60, 90 days, I would be happy to walk up there with you.
Jason White: Great, thanks. Just one more. On your lease spreads, the options or the renewals, do you have it broken down into negotiated renewals versus the contractual renewals?
Don Wood: I don't. Do you?
Melissa Solis: Options aren't in there. It is all negotiated.
Jason White: Everything in renewals is negotiated, there is no options baked in the renewals?
Don Wood: No, that is right. If it is not a piece of paper that was an executed deal, it is not in the numbers.
Jason White: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. I guess my question is concerning the experiential retailers and I would like to use Legoland at Assembly Row as an example. One of the pushbacks I get when I talk about these type of retailers is they say once you visit, are you done? Do you ever go back? So I guess I am asking you one, do you know anything about repeat visitors to like a Legoland or is it just a matter that their draw is so much broader that they continue to see good attendance regardless of not repeat?
Don Wood: Got you, Craig. Let me give you my point of view and Chris is going to jump in as soon as I am finished. There is no doubt and I agree with the basic concept with experiential tenants particularly that first of all, you know as soon as they open whether there is something that resonates or doesn't and Legoland resonated in a big way. The challenge then is to say okay, is that the level of business that they are going to maintain throughout their lease life? You can't assume it is. It is not like a restaurant -- at least we have found and it is not just Legoland, this kind of notion, it is not like a restaurant that gains in popularity all the way through and it is a lot of small visits that continue to happen. The question is does it settle into a place because of its big draw from a large area where it is always something that people continue to go to once a month. At first they will go a lot and then over time they go less. What we see there is first of all, is like a huge opening and that was so validating to the property that it was critical and they have settled and they have settled down a number from the beginning in a place though that still works really, really well. Now what will be interesting to see is from this point, do they grow slowly like other retailers from here? Do they reprogram the space with different attractions and things like that? How does that work out? That is what we expect to happen but the level that they are doing today is pretty darn impressive albeit not what it was when it opened up.
Chris Weilminster: I would say and I think Don answered the business side of it, from our perspective on why we did Lego there and why this experiential use was really important was that it provided a daily draw -- or it provided a draw to the 18 million tourists that come into Boston every year. We got on the same program as the Aquarium and the Duck Tours and the Science Museum so that those constituents coming in came to Assembly to drive traffic to every other use we have there. So there is the business answer and I think that will drive growth but there was also a very defined purpose as to why we did it which was creating a use and a need that attracted a regional draw. There if you talk to them, they draw from about 120 mile radius. We see field trip buses there all of the time. And I have got three kids, I remember when they were younger, the same destination. At the point in time Chucky E. Cheese local for birthday parties I think that probably whether 30 times over a window of time. So I just think that Lego is also serving that same purpose of families and bringing back that recognition. And so we are thrilled with Legoland there. We just added iFLY at the White Marsh which is the same kind of thing. So in the right places for the right draw I think these are uses that make a lot of sense but you have to have the big picture as to what the end use purposes is for this and this was very disciplined in our decision-making to bring them here.
Craig Schmidt: Great. Thank you for your thoughts.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Michael Mueller: Yes. Hi. I guess first on the sub-under property expansion and conversion opportunities, what exactly is being contemplated for 3rd Street Promenade?
Jeff Berkes: I'm sorry, can you restate that, I missed the last part of what you said?
Michael Mueller: Yes. Third Street is listed under property expansion and conversion opportunities and I was just curious as to what the conversion or expansion opportunity is there?
Jeff Berkes: Yes. It relates primarily to some of our second floor spaces and our multi-story buildings. A good example would be 301 Arizona which a couple of years ago we had a two-story retailer and we found some upside in the building by converting the upper levels of the retail space to office, reducing the size of the retail space and making it ground floor only and therefore getting a lot more rent for it. So we have a couple of other buildings that fit into that general configuration that still have two-story tenants or two floors of retail in them as they come back to us we will think through that as well.
Don Wood: Not only that, Mike, but because we are a landlord on the street but we don't own it all, we are always looking for adjacencies. So to the extent the primary reason it is on that schedule is for the second floor things that we got to do stuff with. But taking that and moving it across to an adjacent building is why we maintain and try to build on great relationships with those owners and those are the other possibilities that we try to go for.
Michael Mueller: Got it. And then just going back to something I think Melissa said, looking at the renewals, were you saying that any lease that expired where there is a fixed option for new price that is being excluded from this pool?
Melissa Solis: It is anything that would be a contractual option so if it is already in the lease agreement when we execute it and it is a contractual option that is not included.
Michael Mueller: So if you have something that is a 3% increase that is not in here?
Melissa Solis: Right.
Michael Mueller: Okay. And do you know about how big that pool of leases is compared to the 267 that was signed or renewed this quarter?
Melissa Solis: I don't have it in front of me, no. It is typically a fairly small percentage for us.
Michael Mueller: It is pretty minimal? Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Floris van Dijkum with Boenning. Your line is now open.
Floris Van Dijkum: Great, thank you. On the previous call asking for updates on the Chicago strategic expansion possibilities and I know that the person looking into that previously is no longer there but could you comment on that job now?
Don Wood: We are not selling those assets to the person previously looking at that responsibility by the way. You know, I can tell you this, I can tell you that Jeff Mooallem has taken over for Jim on the responsibility for the Chicago properties as a part of that division of the company. That Jeff Mooallem, I shouldn't speak for him but I'm going to -- is more bullish on opportunities in that marketplace and at those particular assets than necessarily we were thinking previously. And so he is going to get some time to do what the previous guy in charge in coming up with a [indiscernible] wasn't able to do. So you're going to have to keep asking it every three months and that is fair.
Floris Van Dijkum: Fair enough. You sort of alluded to some of the rental softness in the DC markets and what kind of tax -- would you see any further impact now that you have got the two buildings at Pike leased so far. How has that impacted future [technical difficulty] and?
Don Wood: I think I got you, you are coming in and out so excuse me if I haven't fully gotten your question. But I think what you are saying is if we don't see any improvement or further deterioration are our future yields at risk? And the answer is sure, they are. Now where we are today and this is what is interesting to me frankly. We have absolutely even with the construction zone validated that this type of living is what people are willing to pay more for in terms of the marketplace. So we continue, we have gotten -- continue to get premiums to the marketplace for Pike & Rose apartments. The next phase will add more Pike & Rose apartments and in fact we still have more to do in Palace this way. There will be a change in the supply and demand dynamics in addition to a project that is getting a whole lot more as we talked about before stable in terms of what it is going to be. But to the extent it continues to soften yes, there will be pressure on the yield. That is just a matter of fact the way it is.
Floris Van Dijkum: Great. Thanks, Don.
Don Wood: Anything else operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Leah Andress for closing remarks.
Leah Andress: Thank you everyone for joining us today and we look forward to seeing you in the coming weeks. Please reach out with any questions you have. Thank you. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the program for today. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Leah Andress - IR Associate Don Wood - President & CEO Jim Taylor - EVP, CFO & Treasurer Dawn Becker - EVP & MD, Mixed-Use Division Jeff Berkes - EVP & President, West Coast Chris Weilminster - EVP & President, Mixed-Use Division Melissa Solis - VP & CAO
Analysts: Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities Christy McElroy - Citigroup Jason White - Green Street Advisors George Hoglund - Jefferies LLC Anthony Hau - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Chris Lucas - Capital One Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust First Quarter 2016 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Leah Andress. Maam you may begin.
Leah Andress: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Jim Taylor, Dawn Becker, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster, Jeff Mooalem and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Certain matters discussed on this call, maybe deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements. And we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of Risk Factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. These documents are available on our Web site at federalrealty.com. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our first quarter 2016 results. Don?
Don Wood: Thanks, Leah, and good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today and I look forward to speaking to all or most of you in a few weeks at the conference in New York where we can talk more about our Company and the many changes affecting our industry. As most of you are aware by now, this will the last earnings call with my good friend and colleague Jim Taylor who will be on as the CFO of Federal. The team is certainly going to miss him but I for one am genuinely proud of him and the opportunities going to get at Brixmor, their board made a great choice. I am also personally grateful for his many contributions to the Company, his wise council and most importantly his. Enough about Jim for the moment. Onward to the quarterly results and to our prospects for the future, really good quarter all the way around for us FFO per share of $1.38 highest quarterly result of all time and 9% better than last years quarter. Same center growth of 4.2%, again validating how important our redevelopment program is to us. So we dont expect to maintain this level for the year, given the significant investment for the future initiatives that we have underway and lease termination fees that helped us this quarter by $600,000 or so, more on all that later. 85 possible deals done for nearly 400,000 feet of space and 3,353 per foot, 13% higher on a cash basis than the deals previously, thats up 23% on acres, 10% of small shops. It's up 21% on new leases, 9% on renewals. It's up on all those metrics in the core shopping center business in the Mixed-Use Division and on the West Coast. Strong consistent leasing progress throughout our operations is our trademark and we dont expect that to fall. Overall portfolio occupancy at 94.1% leased but only 92.7% occupied. Those numbers are down by 130 and 180 basis points respectively from a year ago. Much of that through the inclusion of lower occupancy acquisitions in South Florida and from the Clarion acquisition, together thats 1.5 million square feet added with a combined occupancy in the mid-80s. And of course it's also the planned AMC and other vacancies that we talked about last quarter. Yet we still had a record quarter, growing earnings with decreasing occupancy whether planned or unplanned speaks volumes about our business and our Company. Speaking of that occupancy, we made strong progress as it relates to proactively taking advantage of weak and field tenants to improve the anchor merchandising at certain of our important shopping centers. That initiative took a big step forward this quarter with the signing of TJ Maxx to take over the failed Hudson Trail Outfitters space depending on road with the signing of Dicks Sporting Goods at Melville Mall which along with last quarters Field and Stream deal and some real good stuff to come and not very talking about it yet, go a long way to returning Melville Mall on Long Island into something pretty special, and L. A. Fitness taking out a host of obsolete small shop space at Del Mar Village in Boca Raton. Three great deals all at far higher rents than they were placed actually near 30% higher in total with far better retailers for our future and just the initial part of the redevelopment of these three extremely well located shopping centers. Remember though those are just signed leases and rent contributions wont start from them for some time as each particular center to be developed. All the evidence so far suggest that this proactive approach toward creating vacancy is going to work out overall as wed hoped in creating far more relevant shopping centers even though it will put pressure on same store growth for the balance of 16 and 17. I also want to report on strong progress on the lease up and rent start for the phase I completions of our three big and active development projects. Lets talk about them individually. At Assembly Row, the first phase is basically finished now with the last group of office tenants and into our small office building and the retailers and restaurants solidifying our only success. Weve really moved on the pace to execution the first sign of which begins next month as the first partners healthcare employees begin populating and nearly complete 700,000 square foot building. Assembly has been so thoroughly accepted by the community as we place to live, work and shop and we expect long-term value creation here to exceed our expectations. At Pike & Rose weve leased up a ton of apartments since the end of the year and now stand at a phase I residential percentage lease at 73% heading into a strong summer leasing season. I couldnt be more pleased that the rate of lease up that were achieving. Pike & Rose is creating a lot of buzz and getting a lot of recognition in the community, and I am optimistic that well have the building basically full by year-end or soon thereafter as we forecast. And non-adapt domestic that will hit our rent dollar forecast given the rental rates weve been assuming for the higher floors in the palace building. So far weve been close to our forecasted rents at $2.40 which were at premium to the market but because of construction we basically been leasing from the bottom up. But were skeptical at this point that well be able to put trends on the higher floors to the extent we had hoped given the significant supply in the market and the fact that we remain a major construction site. Well see over the next six to eight months to put our initial yield maybe under pressure by 50 basis points or so more on that with another quarter of leasing under our belt. One thing that were particularly confident about is the very real premium to market that weve been getting even during this initial phase lease updates. Palace average monthly rent to-date of $2,500 a month or $2.40 a foot reflect the 20% premium over the North Bethesda Rockville submarket. And for penthouses that weve delivered at over $6,000 a month are setting new high watermarks for this market. And as I said earlier, the pace of leasing is outpacing that competitive product. While excess supply in the market has caused us to miss our initial rent projections and that is no doubt disappointing. So also closing us to project more conservatively on phase II as youll know in our 8-K. The premium to that market clearly attainable because of the environment were creating at Pike & Rose and the level of service were providing is both validating and encouraging. Were building the right products for the future. Pike & Rose is going to be around for a long time and gets more and more integral for the community shopping, living and working habits every day. Well have many opportunities to increase some residential income stream in the years ahead on these mostly flow month leases. And as a point in Escondido, California were down in the last few leases and last half dozen rent starts in a shopping center that was so clearly hit the bulls eye of what was missing in the markets. This property will do nothing but get better and better over the years and at 500 Santana Row affectionately around here known as the Splunk building, we have topped off the $112 million project and remain on time and on budget. So then look back at the quarter and the execution of the business plan that were also passionate about around here, I couldnt be more encouraged that were on the right track to double our income in the next decade but also realistic about the investment in people and real-estate necessary to do it right and protect our downside in an inevitably cyclical business. The latest curve ball lies in the uncertain future of Sports Authority. As you know, we have five locations and none of them are on the closure list in the first round. We reserved most of our prepetition bankruptcy receivables up $400,000 in the first quarter and have been fully paid for Aprils rent. Now the latest conjecture of liquidation is a different story of course. And depending on how it played out and the specifics of each locations, a short term hit is likely and might affect our existing guidance if leases were immediately rejected as opposed to being assumed by another retailer. Having said that were quite confident that we would more than replace the cumulative rent which totals $3.4 million annually triple-net basis, up $17.65 foot and $4.8 million gross. The average market rent for the triple net box lease in these locations exceeds 25 hours and were already in conversations with replacement center just in case. The other big evolving change is of course changing shopping, living, working and entertainment habits of todays consumer. As youre all well aware, we have been, are, and will continue to be invest heavily in the best people, real-estate and types of products that we believe puts us in the best position to capitalize on those changes. Downsize is that in doing so were making investments that have and will continue to dilute current earnings, and a couple of things on that front. First, the centralization efforts that our company is in the middle of progressing quite well Jeff Mooalem settling into his role and in the process of building four quasi-independent geographic teams to grow our core shopping center business, investments in incremental talent and IT systems infrastructure is now underway and we would expect an incremental $1.5 million to $2 million annual investment to support this effort. Secondly, plans for our new Miami acquisition Sunset Place and CocoWalk are progressing well and are being vetted by our senior team and partners. Decisions as to the direction and initial phases should go to investment committee later this year at which point well lay out what we have in mind. In the meantime, were heavily focused on grassroots engagement with the local communities and are increasing optimistic that well be able to put forth viable and value creative changes at both locations. At Sunset well need zoning changes that permit more height to come up with a viable plan, fingers crossed. And finally, the search for a senior business partner that carries CFO title for Federal and is in full swing. I am grateful for the very robust interest in joining our team that has followed Jims announcement, and Ive met with a number of terrific prospects who will be awesome partners to me and our senior team. I just dont want to rush that important decision, and I am given the process the attention and serious consideration it deserves. Id hope to be prepared to make an announcement in this regard in the next 30 to 45 days. In the mean time, Melissa Solis is our principle accounting officer and as those of you who know Melissa now we remain in very good hands from an accounting and overall financial point of view. Separately I know that many on this call are friends and colleagues of James Milan, portfolio analyst at APG. We havent put out a separate press release but James will be joining us next month in the role of Vice President and Director of Finance for the Mixed-Use division and will be relocating to our headquarters in Rockville, Maryland, were thrilled to have him. Now let me turn it over to Jim before answering your questions.
Jim Taylor: Thank you, Don, and good morning everyone. As Don highlighted our team delivered again another record for the Trust in terms of FFO per share, which is $1.38, representing 9.5% growth over the prior year quarter. In a quarter where we continue to invest in the future through commencing future development phases, adding to our team, taking down box vacancy, et cetera, we are particularly pleased with bottom line results driven by our operations leasing, acquisition and development team. Turning to the numbers. Overall property operating income grew 7.9% over the prior year, even with the decline of 130 basis points of occupancy, reflecting the higher anchor rollovers weve discussed. Our core portfolio continued to be a significant driver of our POI growth. That core grew at 4.2% on a same store basis including redevelopment. This quarter the downtime associated with anchor rollover produced about 130 basis points drag. We highlighted this trend in the last two quarters, and as I will discuss further on guidance, we expect this rollover drag to continue this year. Our first phases at Assembly Row and Pike & Rose contributed approximately $4.5 million of POI in the quarter, up on a sequential basis as the Palace high rise opening approach breakeven occupancy and office spaces continue to rent in that. Finally our acquisition of Coco and Sunset Place, which are performing very well against our acquisition underwriting also contributed significantly overall to POI growth. G&A remained flat on a sequential basis, did $8 million for the quarter and down year-over-year principally to higher transaction cost in 2015 with respect to our San Antonio center acquisition. We do expect our G&A line item to grow as we continue to invest in our platform. Interest expense declined 400,000 reflecting the lower average rate achieved through our refinancing during the year, offset by lower capitalized interest during the quarter as we continue to place development into service. Again bottom line FFO grew at 9.5% for the quarter, which is above our long-term plan. That absolute bottom line performance while we continue to invest in the future, its something we take great pride in. From a balance sheet perspective, we raised approximately $182 million of equity through an overnight as well as issuances under our ATM during the quarter, at a collective weighted average price of $149.18. This represents over half the equity we plan to raise this year. We ended the quarter with $53 million drawn under our $600 million revolver, which we outsized after the quarter to $800 million and extended to 2020 while reducing our borrowing cost by 10 basis points. Our net debt to EBITDA was 5.3 times and our weighted average tenor was almost 10 years versus the peer average closer to 5, providing us maximum flexibility and liquidity to fund all the value creation that we have underway. Turning to 2016, we affirm the previously given range of FFO per share of 565 to 571, a range of growth of approximately 6% to 7% or slightly below our long-term plan. As we discussed last quarter, this is a true range that will be impacted by several variables during the year. Again, the targeted box recapture and rollover vacancy drives a significant amount of drag in the year. That drag was offset this quarter by some positive timing items, which included marketing and expense recovery, as well as higher year-over-year term fees of $600,000 as Don mentioned. Given that, we do expect same store NOI will moderate in second and third quarters of this year. As Don discussed in his remarks, we are pleased to announce the signing of TJ Maxx at Pentagon, the Dicks Sporting Goods leases, Melville and the L.A. Fitness lease at Del Mar, all of which as he stated will unlock significant value at these centers. Overall, our leasing team is making great progress under a captured box basis, which we will continue to report on over the coming quarters. In addition to this rollover, as discussed in prior quarters, therere several other investments in growth to consider from a timing perspective as you look in the year. First, our leasing pace at Palace continues to go well with current occupancy for that building alone at just over 60%, and expected stabilization occurring in the fourth quarter. The office space at Pike & Rose and Assembly which represents approximately $80 million of investments is fully committed and leased and well start seeing the rent commencing throughout this year and early next as tenants take occupancy. 500 Santana Row, the Splunk building, which represents approximately $115 million of investments is of course 100% preleased and were delivering the fourth quarter and rent commence in 2017. The Point redevelopment at Plaza El Segundo continues to perform exceptionally well, and is expected to stabilize in the fourth quarter of this year. Our acquisition of our joint venture partner 70% interest in six core assets is expected to be neutral this year after transaction cost in the sale of Courtyard shop. We expect this acquisition to contribute approximately $0.02 to $0.03 in 2017. We are well underway for the second phases at Pike & Rose and Assembly that represents another $600 million of investments and expect those phases to begin delivering in the latter part of 17 and early 18. From a capital standpoint again we expect to fund approximately $300 million of development and redevelopment with the mix of funds from operations, long-term debt and equity under our ATM, much of which weve taken care of in the first quarter. Finally, consistent with our practice our guidance does not factor in any further acquisitions or dispositions that can execute during the year. When you consider all that the Company has going on, you will understand why I continue to emphasize that our guidance this year is a true range. In fact factors that may drive us towards the low end of that range includes the timing of the anchor box backfill to rent commencement. The potential for additional rent concessions at Palace as we lease penthouses in the upper floor. The opportunistic capital raise that we completed in the first quarter front ended a significant part of our capital needs for the year. The ultimate resolution of the Sports Authority as Don discussed, while none of our locations have been on the initial closure list, we believe it is unlikely that the Sports Authority will continue as is and that we may have the opportunity to get some of those locations back. We continue to invest in our platform as Don mentioned both in systems and people as we drive decision making closer to the real estate. These efforts may drive an additional $1 million to $2 million of annual G&A above our current assumed run rate of $34 million to $35 million on an annual basis, even with that growth, so far below 5% of revenue. And finally, the cost associated with backfilling my position has not been determined or forecast; again, each one of these items that influence where we will come out in the range is positive for the Company in its long-term growth prospect, but they may impact where we land. Before turning the call over to questions, Id like to briefly thank Don for his friendship, council and support has made a great deal to me over the last 18 years and now as I turn to the opportunity at Brixmor. Thank you, Don. I would also like to thank my partners at Federal who are the best in the business. Chris Weilminster, Dawn Becker, Jeff Berkes. Don Briggs, Jeff Mooalem, Wendy Seher, Debbie Colson, John T., Deirdre, Barry and last but certainly most Melissa. Thanks to each of you for inspiring me with your excellence and your commitment to the Trust and its shareholders. With that operator I would like to turn the call over to questions.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Jeff Donnelly: Good morning, guys. Don, I am sorry, I should have told you when you hired Jim, he is a bit of a floozy and it wouldn't last.
Don Wood: You've seen it before Jeff.
Jeff Donnelly: I have. I have. Congratulations, Jim, and hopefully you didn't just read off the list of the names of people you're going to target when you are at Brixmor. A question about Pike & Rose. I am just curious what is driving the reduction in the stabilized yield. I got on a minute late so I'm not sure if you guys talked about that in your remarks. 
Don Wood: Yes, Jeff we did. It is really all about residential, as you know that first phase and the second phase has a significant residential component to it. The bottom-line is we were too aggressive in thinking what we were, going to be able to get for residential rent and the market place has an awful lot of supply on it and the place is absolutely a construction zone and will be for some time and so it's, what I always worry about with you know when changing numbers like this is that there's a tank on the project itself. Because there can't be, the project is going as well or better than we expected in terms of its acceptance even in terms of its performance when performance on the residential side compared to the marketplace, is just that the marketplace is significantly lower than we had hoped and thought it would be when we underwrote this. So it's all that. Now obviously the good side of that is we're not locking into 15 year deals or 20 year deals these are 12 month leases.  But it would be, it just wouldn't be right for me to have the same expectations of being able to lease up the rest of the buildings we have on phase one and the residential building in phase two at rents that when I look at it right now and our team looks at it right now we don't think we can hit. And that's what causing that. I really don't want to see that as a failure of the project it's market timing.
Jeff Donnelly: And maybe to switch gears, I want to maybe circle back on the decentralization plan. I think we've been talking on the call maybe a year, year and a half ago about why it is difficult for the industry or seemingly difficult for the industry to produce call it future leaders and then you announced that plan. I guess I am just curious what was the impetus for it? What do you think it accomplishes for Federal? And I guess not to bring it back to dollars and cents all the time but how do you think we should be thinking about the ultimate effect on G&A as we sort of reorganize people? 
Don Wood: It's a good, probably my favorite question Jeff, look the bottom line is this company grew and has grown pretty darned consistently over the last 15 years in terms of its value, in terms of what it does for a living, in terms of its breadth and growth. We had to effectively get management closer to the real estate because the real estate is so different. Managing a Pike & Rose and managing an assembly row and managing -- having an opportunity like Sunset and Coco is just darned different than the core shopping center business. So we needed to do -- we needed to align management more closely with the real estate business, that's our business, we are really not a portfolio manager we look at it asset by asset. Now when you do that, there's obviously going to be incremental overhead to be able to set it up that way and that overhead is incremental not only on the to use the hotel vernacular front of the house stuff but also back of the house systems and reporting, accounting all of that. We're in the middle of that transition and that transition takes some time. If you think about an incremental few million dollars a year basically we got to more than make up for that in incremental value. Now where that would that incremental value come from, comes in every part of our business, first and foremost by getting to things more quickly. By getting tenants to through the process of leasing to tenant co-ordinations, opening their door to rent start, that's done a whole lot better if the leasing agent and the asset manager and the developer, tenant coordinator are all working together, there's a lot of that. Secondly down at that level we'll know our markets better, we do know our markets better and closer so that, I'll give a couple of examples. We're talking about Brick Township right now, Brick Plaza. Brick is a great shopping center in Brick, New Jersey that we've owned for a long time. Part of the reason that we haven't been able to get to doing a better job at Brick Plaza is because of the ANP lease and we talked to that about that. But another part of the reason is because it's geographically further away. This helps us focus more on it, it helps us create business and that -- I could say that about 20 or 25 of our shopping centers. So this is truly an evolution of our business, it's a investment in the next decade where the combination of great products in terms of next year's development that we're doing with a more active and proactively managed core together should make the few million dollars of incremental G&A nothing compared to the incremental value that we create. So that's what it is that we're trying to do.
Unidentified Company Representative: To put the numbers in a little bit of context, still well below 5% of revenue which has grown substantially.
Jeff Donnelly: Okay, thanks, Jim. Maybe one last question. Don, do you have any specific goals going into ICSC? I think typically you guys go in there with one or two things you really want to walk away with.
Don Wood: The goals are not -- you know it's so funny we don't and everybody on this call get this. You dont go into ICSC thinking you are getting leases done. The goals you go into ICSC before is to make sure that you bring as many people to the critical parts of the Company that you can. So for us it is our redevelopment pipeline and in the core it's our Florida stuff that were going to be wanting everybody to see and understand. It's the future basis of Pike & Rose and Assembly, as well as our West Coast asset. It's a focus on those things, it's not, were going to get this lease done and that lease done, because its just doesnt happen that way. What normally happens is somewhere in the next 30, 60, 90, or 120 days after ICSC there is a lot more deals that get done because they were germinated and taken to the next level of ICSC, thats what were doing there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is now open.
Christy McElroy: First, congrats, Jim. We won't miss you because we still get to work with you. So sorry, Don. Maybe just an update on your plans for the center in Noroton Heights given that you recently proposed plans and renderings to the community?
Don Wood: Here is where we are. So as you remember you may remember at Darien were talking about, Stop & Shop controls the corner event shopping center and so 2020 something 3-something like that. We have to come far more encouraged though that there will be a way to work with Stop & Shop. So that long before that period of time, well be able to create specialty shopping center and I am hopeful with residential as part of that plan over on top and around to be able to really create a great community shopping center there. As you know, lots of work to do with the community itself with the entitlement process and certainly then with tenants like Stop & Shop, and others in the center, so I am not ready to quit out, it's not on the redevelopment schedule yet, it will be on the redevelopment schedule to the extent we can make headway with the community, and so far so good.
Christy McElroy: Just a follow-up on your comments on occupancy, just looking at the residential occupancy 95.5, and the same-store pool down 180 basis points year-over-year. Just in terms of trying to keep track of what is in the same-store pool out of the same-store pool, what were the main drivers of that decline for the properties that were in the pool?
Jim Taylor: You will note that I am looking directly at Melissa Solis right now. So if you can grad again Melissa, we can do that, if you cant well follow up
Chris Weilminster: Wed probably need to follow up with you in more detail. But the bigger drivers in the same store pool are going to be the multifamily as Santana, the Crest Apartments at Congressional as well as Rolling Wood. And I would tell you based on what were seeing in terms of the rents were real pleased with the trends in Northern California. And as Don alluded to in suburban Maryland, Washington DC are weve seen a little bit of softness. The other asset in there of course would be Bethesda Row.
Melissa Solis: And Christy, Palace and Versailles at Pike & Rose are the two assets that are in the same center pool.
Christy McElroy: They are not in the same pool, right?
Don Wood: They have not been
Christy McElroy: And then just lastly on the $600,000 of lease term fees, what was the same-store impact, so was that fully in the same-store and what retailers was that related to?
Don Wood: I cant tell you the retailers off top of my head, but thats about 60 bps of impact.
Jim Taylor: They were two smaller retailers Christy and one in Rockville Town Square and one at Pentagon.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jason White with Green Street Advisors. Your line is now open.
Jason White: Just two quick ones for me, I would just ask them both at once because they will probably be quick ones. A&P, I think you talked about on the last call. I just wondered generically if you could kind of walk through the progress you are making and maybe just what you are seeing from market rents versus where the rents were in place. And then just jumping over to Santana, Westfield the mall is going to have a big redevelopment and wondering how you see that impacting Santana and if that changes the way you merchandise?
Don Wood: Yes, Jeff jump in at just anything on A&P. But as you remember Jason we have four A&Ps, one of those was assumed and is underway in terms of being built out on Long Island at Greenlawn, which leaves three more. Melville Mall also on the Island and I did not mentioned when I talked about the good stuff thats happening at Melville Mall to-date with the signing of Dicks for example. So last space that we at Melville Mall is the former Walbaums's box and we are making real good progress, but were not in a place where I can tell you it's a signed deal yet, and you will like everything about that. The next one is at Brick where again it's part of a much bigger redevelopment and remerchandising of the entire center. And were not as close to as Melville but making real good progress. We'll have something to say very next couple of quarters there I think. And the final one is Troy which is in New Jersey and we're hopeful, I shouldn't say it exactly this way. I don't know whether we're going to backfill it or whether it's going to be a bigger redevelopment possibility there, which would include some residential in a more densely populated shopping center, obviously if it comes to something like that which would add the most value which I would love there's a lot of work to do with respect to the community and figuring out if something like that is vital. That's what we're working on there, so that would be the last one of the three that you'll hear anything about I would think. Oh then Cynthiana, let's got to Cynthiana. Oh yes, Valley Fair does what they're doing and Jeff's on the phone, there'll absolutely be an impact. They're talking about adding hundreds of thousands of square feet you know and -- in a great node at a great place.  That will perform a very different function than what we do, and I wouldnt think -- confident that it wouldnt have a long term impact on the property but if they're leasing up that much space for that period of time that has to I would think impact us and I just don't know by how much yet, nothing any significant way whether they actually you know they haven't started construction yet, whether they will, when they will, what the timing is that's still I just dont have the answer to that. But there'd be an impact, I just can't quantify it for you today. Again, a short term impact.
Unidentified Company Representative: The only thing I'd add to that Don, Jason we've known this is coming for some time, they got the entitlement before the recession, so you know over the last four or five years we've been doing the blocking and tackling that we need to do with Santana to put the property in the best position as possible including a lot of remerchandising of the stores on the street which I'm sure you're familiar with and continuing to build out the property not the least which is adding more parking and building 500 Santana Row, when Splunk is not in occupancy during the week we'll be available to retail and the restaurant customers nights and weekends. So you know again it's something we've been thinking about for many years now and doing what we can do to put ourselves in the best position and when it happens it happens and we'll deal with it as best we can.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies, your line is open.
George Hoglund: Hi, this is George Hoglund on for Tayo. Just one question in terms of REITs getting their own GIC sector later this year. Have you been getting more inquiries from generalist investors and have you been doing anything sort of planning to market the company differently for preparing for those inquiries?
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure, let me start with that and Jimmy if you got something you want to add to that, please do. I can tell you that obviously nobody knows really what the impact's going to be in terms of supply and demand and that'll be what it's going to be. It has not changed our approach which has always been very broad based in terms of who it has that we want to invest I mean we have taken pretty regular trips to Europe for example to talk to generalists there we have done that in New York in a broader way. We've always tried to do that and we had some pretty good luck frankly in getting generalist investors interested in our story, whether it helps it or not you know we'll know at some point after September after it get put in place. But that's pretty much what we're doing we you know obviously it's a change in your world more than it is in terms of what we do and just with respect to what we do all I'm really saying is we've been broad for a long time in terms of who we aim for.
George Hoglund: Okay, thanks. All my other questions were answered.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from Anthony Hau with SunTrust, your line is now open.
Anthony Hau: Good morning, guys. First off, Jim, Ki Bin and I just want to congratulate you on your new opportunity. And anyways, just a quick question regarding same-store NOI. Given that this year's winter was less severe than last year, I think last year snow removal costs was around $10 million. What was the impact from that in same-store NOI and can you quantify that?
Unidentified Company Representative: It was -- first let me just the main point and look over to Melissa, it was definitely a benefit, not nearly as much as you think because so much of it is recoverable at least the portfolio -- it was a couple hundred grand of benefit.
Unidentified Company Representative: It's a 150 in your number actually. 
Unidentified Company Representative: 300.
Unidentified Company Representative: 300.
Anthony Hau: Okay. And when you look at your lease expiration schedule, what percentage of your expiring leases is considered as vintage leases? And over the next few years how much of an impact do you think this is going to have on the blended rent spread? 
Unidentified Company Representative: You know, it's an interesting question because when you looked at our lease maturity schedule, the truth is that we always get to more space than what would be otherwise indicated by that and if you look at our trend and it's important to look at this trend over the last several quarters of where we're signing our new deals and you've seen that average continue to climb that gives you a sense of what the mark to market is if you will over what we have in place, its not perfect but if you go back far enough you're going to capture enough of a subset of the portfolio to look at that, and again we've earned this assets for a long period of time, so we have vintage leases rolling every year. There isnt as far as I can tell not a particular year in which weve got a lot of finished closing coming to market if you will. So, best thing to do to get a sense of that though again is to look at our marginal rents that were signing each quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Michael Mueller: Jim, I guess a quick question. Are you guiding to the lower end of the range, or are you just laying out the laundry list of everything that can point you to the lower end of the range? It sounded like you are guiding toward the bottom end.
Jim Taylor: I think everyone would be wise to consider this is a range and to think about the lower end of the range. Its hard to disappoint, to handicap everything, but all the items that I referred to again represent investments in the future, but certainly would be a drag on where we end up for the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Chris Lucas with Capital One Securities. Your line is now open.
Chris Lucas: Good morning, everyone. Don, just a couple of quick questions, on the TSA outcome if you were to get the stores back, are there certain centers that would be helped as it relates to maybe future redevelopment timing?
Don Wood: Lets go through on, so here are the five centers and which were in the marketplace. So, you know whats happening to that marketplace versus because of what were doing in the Mixed-Use project adjacent to it. Its been a very positive thing. And certainly the interest in that power center thats adjacent is significantly higher than it was before we built the project. So, weve got that back that be okay, good thing there. Brick Plaza is the next one. Again in the middle of a complete rebuild, timing of that would be great in terms of the future of Brick Plaza. Crow Canyon, which is out on the West Coast and thats the smaller store out there and then latest one that we did, we did it some years back. But nonetheless that was the -- the last one it's smaller in a center that we had just redone, which is a good thing in terms of the demand characteristics that you would have. Montrose Crossing is the fourth thats the one directly across from Pike & Rose, thats over 35 acres where the section of the shopping center where they are would be dramatically impacted to the extent we can better merchandise that. And the last one is East Bay Bridge, out in Emeryville which the rents in place there are extremely low. And the upside would be terrific and thats another place that we just put in to new were really re-merchandised the shopping center. So as I sit back and look at TSA this is a good tenant to work through this portfolio and into better things in all the locations that we have. But it's a lot of rent in the meantime. And so again can you look through the short term pay for the long-term gain.
Chris Lucas: And final question, the Silver Line in Tysons has been a disruptor providing a boon and an opportunity for some property owners, but changing certain patterns to the detriment of others. My understanding is that sales at Pike 7 have been weaker. Are there things you can do there that change the view there or is there some view to the timing of future redevelopment that you would look towards?
Don Wood: First of all on the premise I am not with you, in terms of the impact of sales at Pike 7, Pike 7 is an amazing shopping center. Frankly if sales were hit significantly going Pike 7 first of all they would happen during the construction of the Silver Line when basically the entrances were closed and they did in any significant way. But if they were, then wed had a lower hurdle to be able to do a larger Mixed-Use project at this site which would be great. Having said that your point, your bigger point, so stopping right there, Pike 7 is a great asset for us. What we do there long-term will only be positive. And part of the issue is if so successful for what it is right now, and therefore the hurdle. So Id say to do something better financially centered there. So thats Pike 7. And thats at the bigger premise and just likely it gets really important in terms of the judgment that we showed there. I think youre right the way the Silver Line is working through Tysons there are winners and there are losers. The type of projects that are being built there, there are winner there are losers. We did not jump and say oh god we got to be the first one to market. We sat back, we renewed leases, we kick out so that we were able to get to face if we needed to, but weve created, we are disciplined at that particular asset has so north to our benefit thats only because we really -- we ran it like a true real estate company would and real estate play and not like a drunken sailor with respect to development for Petes sake in terms of what it should be. So I want a little, I guess I really want as I can look the credit for the discipline that we showed in not jumping to what the new Tysons is going to be because as you just point out, it takes a long time with a major infrastructure chains like the Silver Line is to figure out what Tysons should be.
Don Wood: Thanks so much. Thanks for giving me a chance on the soapbox by the way.
Chris Lucas: You're welcome, thanks a lot, appreciate the comments.
Don Wood: You bet.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Leah Andress for closing remarks.
Leah Andress: Thank you everyone for joining us today and we look forward to seeing you REIT Week in New York in a couple of weeks, thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference, this does conclude today's program, you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-10 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Leah Andress - IR Associate Don Wood - President & CEO Jim Taylor - EVP, CFO & Treasurer Dawn Becker - EVP & MD, Mixed-Use Division Jeff Berkes - EVP & President, West Coast Chris Weilminster - EVP & President, Mixed-Use Division Melissa Solis - VP & CAO
Analysts: Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Christy McElroy - Citi Jason White - Green Street Advisors Jeremy Metz - UBS Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust George Auerbach - Credit Suisse Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Floris Van Dijkum - Boenning Chris Lucas - Capital One
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Leah Andress. You may begin.
Leah Andress: Good morning everyone. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Jim Taylor, Dawn Becker, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster, and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Certain matters discussed on this call, maybe deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements. And we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of Risk Factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. These documents are available on our website at federalrealty.com. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our fourth quarter and year-end 2015 results. Don?
Don Wood: Well, thanks, Leah, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Again I certainly look forward to seeing all or most of you in a few weeks at the Citi Conference, Florida, where we can talk more about our company and our industry. I also want to thank so many of you for the recognition, good wishes that you conveyed with the announcement of our admission into the S&P 500 late last month. I think our whole team feels particularly proud and your nice words made it even sweeter. So thank you all. Now, let's talk about 2015 results and 2016 expectations. And start off by noting that FFO per share of $1.37 in the quarter and $5.32 for the year before early extinguishment at costs are both all time records for our company and represent 7% quarterly FFO per share growth and 7.7% annual FFO per share growth. Now, just to put that growth into context. We always try to walk the top when it comes to taking a long-term view on our business plan. And that includes sometimes doing things that diminished certain quarterly metrics by same-store growth and occupancy from mid and long-term value enhancements. That is why went out on a limb a few years back before Assembly Row opened to lay out plans double our income over the next decade. That was in 2013 when we subsequently finished the year with 7% earnings growth only to follow that with 7.2% growth in 2014, and now 7.7% growth in 2015. If you're aware of the Rule 72, you'll note that we're on or a bit ahead of schedule, so far, so good. And what the first phases of the big development projects coming into their own, and the second phase is now underway, along with the raw material for future growth that we acquired in Miami, and California lately, we are as optimistic today if not more so than we were back in 2013 as to our ability to double by 2023. For us, it's more important than ever to have and execute on our long-term consistent and sustainable plan that relies less on outside on controllables and more on the execution within our own portfolio. We are really proud of that. All right. So what does it mean for 2016 expectations? Well first it means that we're planning on 6% or 7% FFO growth this year, marginally lower than where we've been but strong nonetheless. Because of the conscious and aggressive effort that we spoke about on last quarter's call to actively create anchored vacancy by replacing weak tenants with stronger ones. And more importantly, unlocking redevelopment opportunities at a number of our larger core shopping centers and that was before the most recent news about Sports Authority where we have five locations generating $3.4 million in annual rent. All good news for the future and providing more growth in value long before 2023 was dilutive to same-store growth and occupancy connect. Hopefully you will remember my remarks from my last quarter's call that attempted to prepare investors for the impact that strategy would have on those metrics in the fourth quarter that we just reported and continuing through 2016. Well, I promise to spare you the five tool baseball player analogy on this call, I've heard plenty about that from you, from most of you over the last three months; I do want to update you on the plan. To recap, when we broke the company up between core and mixed-use earlier in the year, and brought in additional real estate talent to lead the core, which by the way caused a higher level of G&A. We did so in order to ensure that the all-important core portfolio got the attention and aggressive asset management that it deserves. The objective is for the core to produce even more value and continue to act as the strongest possible foundation to the development and acquisition pipeline. In part, that means getting control of space that has long hindered value creation in certain shopping centers. You'll remember that we spoke about the A&P mix which was the most obvious example and we had four: one, A&P, one, Pathmark, and two, Waldbaum's all in New Jersey and Long Island. While four leases have significant value to multiple parties certainly that we chose not to participate in that bankruptcy process, I'm very confident that with all four leases would've been bought by someone which would have resulted in zero downtime and zero lost rent in any of those spaces. And if our business plan were one-dimensional, we might have let that happen. But we didn't. Nearly 185,000 square feet of space that's nearly a full point of occupancy and over $3 million of annual same-store growth that went out the door with the bankruptcy, and by the way, we had to pay several millions of dollars to get the right to lose all of that income. Our assessment is that that several million dollar investment plus a year more downtime would pay back many times over not only in terms of the four walls of those grocery stores, which is how a lot of people look at the leases value, but by unlocking more redevelopment opportunities that improve the entire shopping centers. While same-store growth and occupancy were negatively impacted in the fourth quarter and will be in 2016, the future value of these and other centers where we employed a similar strategy will be far higher. We are deep into exploring redevelopment plans on all of our new found opportunities and I'm excited about the possibilities. Jim will summarize the impacts in his remarks in a few minutes. Now, I don't know if we could have make that decision, if we didn't have a clear long-term plan and same-store growth and year-end occupancy were the only considerations. All right, let's back up and talk about leasing for a minute and there is plenty of it happening. 99 deals done in the quarter, 88 of them comparable for over 380,000 feet at an average rent of $31.88, 23% higher than the $26 per foot the prior tenant was paying. The leasing strength was broad, with both anchor deals and small shop renewals registering double-digit growth. The tenant improvement dollars per square foot associated with those leases requires explanation, because most of it comes from two redevelopment projects. The Saks OFF 5TH deal at our headquarter site of Congressional Plaza, and the Dick, Field and Stream deal at Melville Mall on Long Island. Capital for those deals are both included and considered in the overall return thresholds of the projects, so be careful not to double count that capital as both leasing capital and redevelopment capital it's one and the same. Anyway, you look at it these are strong leasing results. In addition to the 88 comparable deals, we also executed 11 non-comparable deals largely on the new development, representing an additional 58,000 square feet of space, so 440 square feet of deals in a three-month period. There is plenty of productive leasing being done these days in virtually all markets we do business in. And we're betting that that will continue in 2016 for our product type and our locations. And it's why we're consciously trying to get back on the performing anchor space. We want to use these favorable economic conditions to release. We see a good sampling of mediocre retailers that have been holding on for years of either giving up A&P, Hudson Trail, City Sports, or who will soon. We're fine with that. As I've said, are anxious to get it to either release or redevelop. So I haven't touched on acquisitions or development yet, so let me get to the highlights, and we've a lot going on. From continued advancement of the construction and leasing at both Pike & Rose and Assembly to the continued opening of more and more tenants at the very successful point development in El Segundo, California, the continue disciplined construction of fully leased 500 Santana Row set to house data mining technology powerhouse Splunk by the end of this year, to the closing on October 1, of Sunset Place in South Miami, where we're aggressively working to develop a plan to better exploit this A-1 location, to the unwind of our 11-year joint venture with Clarion through the acquisition of their 70% interest in six shopping centers in suburban Boston, New York and DC which by the way creates more fresh powder for redevelopment. So we got more going on how to keep our five growth buckets fully productive and I can remember my 18 years here. Let me give you a few more updates on those big projects and then I'll turn it over to Jim. At Pike & Rose, residential lease up continues to progress quite well with over 40% of the building leased at The Pallas as of today at rents that are inline or even a bit better than our underwriting. The remainder of that residential leasing will require the rest of 2016 through re-stabilization, which again is consistent with our expectations. Secondly, we are well underway on the next phase. The phase II garage is done and open and we've just broken ground in the two largest buildings in phase II this month. It will take two years to get it all open with a 700 foot plus long Main Street and a sense of place long missing from Rockville Pike. In Somerville, Massachusetts, Assembly Row continues to get better and better. With one of our biggest concerns during the second phase construction being adequate parking and serving surface lots are now on construction. That's a high class problem for the initial phase of Massachusetts project, but it's because this is already a very successfully new neighborhood in the Greater Boston Area, it's about to get a whole lot better as partners, employees begin occupying the new building by midyear '16. Very exciting progress there, which is clearly spilled over to the adjacent power center where we hope to be making some important merchandizing and economic upgrades in the next few quarters. In San Jose, 500 Santana Row construction is progressing a bit better than we expected in terms of both cost and potentially schedule, which if it holds, will result in 9% cash on cost yields upon stabilization. That would make Santana, 500 Santana Row the third project in a row with Santana. Residential projects, Lavare and Misora being the first two where the initial revenues exceeded our underwriting. That is not a fluke. It speaks to the big picture point about mixed-used projects done well. While the initial phases that need to create the environment are complicated and often a little less smooth than we would like, the long-term value creations were mass duration and incremental development of these ambitious projects is extremely rewarding and incredibly enduring. Similarly, at the point in El Segundo, the successfully initial tenant openings at the end of last summer have continued and grown as more and more tenants have opened. The final couple of spaces are expected to be leased and opened in 2016 again on time, on budget. I don't have a significant update for you today on our property acquisitions in South Florida, which are performing as planned as we underwrote them. Our most senior team, including Don Briggs, Chris Weilminster, and Dawn Becker, along with our partner Grass River and Michael Comras are fully immersed in redevelopment mode, exploring the art of the possible with city officials, retailers, and others and that applies to both CocoWalk and Sunset. Stay tuned there. And finally, last month we concluded a very successful 11-year shopping center joint venture with Clarion Lion Fund by acquiring their 70% interest in Atlantic Plaza and Campus Plaza in Suburban Boston, Greenlawn Plaza on Long Island, and Free State Shopping Center, Plaza del Mercado, and Barcroft Plaza in Suburban Washington DC. And what we felt was a very fair is favorable purchase price of a $154 million. All of these assets are located in markets we know well and have seen strong growth from. We've got a number of redevelopment and releasing opportunity with these properties that our new core team is focused on, more raw material for future growth. Okay. That's enough for me now. 2015 was a very gratifying year for us full of not only measurable accomplishments, but as are more importantly the solidification of our planned and structured focused on accelerated value creation throughout the second half of this decade and beyond. Thank you all for your interest and support. And I'll now turn over to Jim and look forward to your questions afterwards.
Jim Taylor: Thank you, Don and Leah, and good morning everyone. As Don highlighted our team delivered yet another record for the Trust in terms of FFO per share, which is a $1.37, represented 7% growth over the prior year quarter or 7.7% for the full-year. For the many of you park at the top or just above our guidance that $1.37, was just below the top-end of our previously provided range. In a quarter where we continue to invest in the future by intentionally taking down additional box vacancy, adding to our team, selling non-core assets, and incurring transactional cost for favorable acquisition, we are particularly pleased with the bottom-line results driven by our operation, leasing, acquisition, and development team. Turing to the numbers. Overall property operating income grew at 5.9% over the prior year, even with the decline in occupancy reflecting higher anchor rollover, our core portfolio continue to be a significant driver of POI growth. That core grew at 2.6% or approximately 3.8% for the full-year on a same-store basis, including redevelopment. As in prior quarters, allow me to again emphasize, that our same-store pool represents approximately 94% of our total POI. In other words, it represents substantially all of our portfolio and then truly reflects underlying core performance. This quarter the downtime associated with the anchor rollover we discussed, as well as other one-time item produced about a 150 basis points of drag. We highlighted this trend last quarter. And as I will discuss further in guidance, we expect this rollover drag to begin to ameliorate in the later part of this year, resulting in 2016 same-store NOI growth, including redevelopment of approximately 3% to 3.5%. Allow me to pause for a moment. I can think of very few portfolios that show growth even while taking down occupancies. That speaks to the bumps embedded in our leases, double quarters or double-digit rent rollover growth and the successful delivery of our redevelopment. Our first phases of Assembly and Pike & Rose contributed approximately $3 million of POI in the quarter, down slightly on a sequential basis as the Pallas high-rise opening and the office space deliveries triggered full operating expenses. The office lease up is complete and tenants will continue to take occupancy through this year and early next. In addition, as Don mentioned, the lease up at Pallas is going well and we expect to hit a stabilize occupancy in the fourth quarter of this year. Finally, our acquisitions of CocoWalk and Sunset Place, which are performing well against our acquisition underwriting also contributed significantly to our overall POI growth. G&A remained stable at $8.1 million and interest expense declined $1 million, reflecting the lower average rate achieved through our refinancings during the year of 4.1%, offset by lower capitalized interest during the quarter, as we continue to place development into service. Again, bottom-line FFO grew 7% for the quarter or 7.7% for the year. That absolute bottom-line performance while we continue to invest in the future is something that team takes great pride in. From a balance sheet perspective, we ended the quarter with $53 million drawn under our $600 million revolver that set the EBITDA 5.3 times, weighted average debt tenor of 10 years, which together provides maximum flexibility and liquidity to fund all of our growth in NAV creation underway. Turning to guidance for 2016, we affirm that the previously provided range of $5.65 to $5.71 a share, range of growth of approximately 6% to 7% are slightly below our long-term plans. As we discussed last quarter, this was a true range that will be impacted by several variables during the year. As Don covered in his remarks, the targeted box recapture in all of our vacancy drives a significant amount of drags in the year. The targeted anchor rollover which represents approximately 6 million of downtime in the year or approximately $8 million of annualized rents is driven by 10 of our properties. The notable spaces include the A&P leases at Troy, Melville and Brick, the former Hudson Trail space at Montrose Crossing, and the former Valley space at Grant Park. In total, the targeted anchor rollover represents approximately 465,000 square feet at some of our very best assets where the investment and downtime this year should pay significant dividends in the future. And as Don discussed in his remarks, we are very excited about the opportunity to unlock value at these centers to redevelopment, repositioning, and releasing. Overall, we expect to significantly exceed the prior in place rent of approximately 1,350 a foot on these larger spaces. In short, we believe we will drive or deliver better retailers at better rents and significantly improve these assets. In addition to this investment and future growth, there are several other investments in growth to consider from a timing perspective if you look at the year. I mentioned Pallas and again we expect a stabilization of that approximately $100 million investment to occur in the fourth quarter from an occupancy perspective. The office states at Pike & Rose and Assembly which represents approximately $80 million of investments is now fully committed and we will continue to see rent commencing throughout the year and early next as tenants take occupancy. 500 Santana Row, our 234,000 square foot office building that represents approximately $115 million of investment, is 100% pre-leased, and will deliver late in the fourth quarter and rent commenced in 2017. The Point redevelopment at Plaza El Segundo continues to perform exceptionally well is expected to stabilize in the fourth quarter of this year. Our acquisition of our joint venture partner's 70% interest in the six core assets that Don discussed, is expected to be neutral to FFO this year, after transaction cost and factoring in the sale of Courtyard Shops which we completed in the fourth quarter. We do expect this acquisition to contribute approximately $0.02 to $0.03 in 2017. And finally, we are well underway on the second phases at the Pike & Rose and Assembly to represent another $600 million of investments and expect those spaces to begin delivering in the latter part of 2017 and 2018. From a capital standpoint, we expect to fund approximately $350 million of development and redevelopment with the mix of funds from operations, long-term debt, and equity under our ATM. Finally consistent with our process, our guidance does not factor in any further acquisitions or dispositions that we may execute during the year. Before turning the call over to questions, I would like to introduce Leah Andress, our new Investor Relations Associate. Leah was formerly with Phillips Realty in DC and prior to that was an analyst with FBR Capital Markets. Unfortunately she was also a target. I look forward to having all of you to meet Leah very soon. We also look forward to seeing many of you at the Wells and Citi conference in the next few weeks. With that operator, I would like to now turn the call over to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning and Leah don't be afraid to give Jim some grief back there. So a few questions here. First, on the West Coast perhaps for Jeff, can you just give us an update of what you are seeing as you are talking to Splunk for their space as well as I think you guys are contemplating building some office across the street and just given the headlines, curious if that is still the plan or may be there has been some change?
Jeff Berkes: Yes, Alex, no change to long-term development plans for Santana Row or Santana West. Obviously before we make a capital decision; we're going to make sure we're confident that there is going to be a market there when it's time to lease buildings, so no change. As it relates to Splunk, we don't have any special information about what's going on at Splunk or any of the other tech companies for that matter. But what we do see on the ground, if you will, is them being very aggressive about doing what they need to do to get into the building as soon as possible. They need the space; they need it as quickly as possible, so everything that has gone over the last couple of weeks hasn't affected that at all.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then, as far as the Clarion JV, Don, I think over the years you have been asked numerous times about buying that in and it always seemed like it was more of a steady Eddie portfolio rather than something that would be more interesting to wholly own. So can you just provide some perspective? Was this a case where a JV partner wanted to get out or perhaps given some of the recent retailer things that have come up, maybe there is some new opportunities that made it a little more exciting for you guys to buy in now?
Don Wood: Yes, Alex, that's a very fair question, the single biggest thing or first you need both parties to want to do a deal. And from our perspective one of the biggest things that change was it's all about prioritization. And so, as you know, what we did do last year was setting up the core and the way that we set up the core we are kind of freeing up that achievement building on that team to be able to create value in it while taking Don and freeing up Chris and Briggs over on the mixed-use side, there is more capacity. So from our perspective I'm feeling great about being able to actually get to something we would like to get there. Secondly, a lot of it is just timing too, we've already at Plaza Del Mercado, for example, been able to do a deal that was in the works last year and has been in the works the last couple of years. With respect to LA Fitness to redevelop that site, that's great news. So it's really about management of pension afforded by the new reconfiguration of our companies. In addition, Alex too, the timing for Clarion we are ready to develop that partnership for their own reasons and us ready to take it out.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. So how much more -- what should we look for as far as upside potential as far as the yield where you bought and where you think it could go over the next -- from a modeling perspective?
Don Wood: Yes, see I'm not going to give you a particular answer on that, I can tell you that we are working real hard to that particularly Mooallem and that team, is looking particularly hard as that portfolio. And if Mooallem and Wendy Seher, who I don't know, if you know, she is a critical part of our company, Senior Vice President of Leasing just on the core which is so important when we're saying just on the core, it also ties into what we're doing with respect to aggressively going after space. Having that ability to focus and move on that core the timing is just right. So we will give you more and not sure whether Mooallem we're going to bring him down to city or not, but if we do or if we don't, there will be more exposure for you and folks like you to him to be able to get some of that specifics, those specifics as we get closer.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. I will have to look for Christy to fill me in on what you guys say down at the Citi conference. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt: Yes, thank you. I am just wondering, are your better redevelopment expansion opportunities going to be internal with a company like Pike & Rose or may they be external like your shops at Sunset Place and CocoWalk?
Jim Taylor: You know, Craig, I think that again as we laid out at our Investor Day by far the large preponderance of our investment opportunity exists in what we earn and control today and we went through that some detail. And we augment that tactically with perhaps an acquisition or two; I think this past year we found three strong ones in San Antonio Center, Sunset Place, and CocoWalk which really kind of build our pipeline. But preponderance of what we're focused on and executing on and what you see in the 8-K as we not only detail the projects that are underway but then begin providing for you on that second page what the future pipeline is, is in real estate that we own.
Don Wood: Yes, Craig, and just the only thing I would add to that is the type of acquisition we make, I think it's a differentiator for us. I don't think we look at deals. It's not just about buying stable shopping centers; in fact it's not about buying stable shopping centers. It's truly is about looking at it with a more broad real estate point of view to be able to take advantage of skills that we've grown in and developed over the past decade or so in not only in Massachusetts and redevelopment and apply them to the -- to the land by which we look at those acquisitions. I mean there aren't a lot of companies that are going to go take a shot on Sunset place. But when we look at it -- and we may succeed or we may fail, we'll see. But we handicap it in such a way, we're looking at it in such a way that it provides opportunity that is consistent with the skill sets that we've learned all the way up from Bethedsa Row till today. So that's the balance Jim was talking about.
Craig Schmidt: Yes, I guess from my perspective, it's like do I rather see you take on projects that have greater upside and that would be outside your portfolio I think generally or the safer bet, taking what you have really strong properties and making them better but I guess --
Don Wood: Yes. I don't know how to tell you tell you which way it will be. I can tell you it will be a balance of both. And how that moves depends on where the opportunity is. One thing we do -- and I think it's important, is we truly -- if you were in our investment committee meetings for each of those type of opportunities it's still capital. And as it's toward a capital where we risk adjust those returns and what we think we're going to do is the critical part of that balance. You're going to see both as we go forward. I just can't tell you whether it's 60/40, 70/30, 50/50, because that depends on the specific opportunity that comes up.
Craig Schmidt: Great. And then just quickly, it sounds like you have more appetite for some repurposing of anchor space. Is there a point though where the economy gets too rough that you may be not want to take those gambles from a timing perspective?
Don Wood: Of course, Craig. It's funny. I was thinking about one of these 10 shopping centers that -- that we are getting to. I mean these 10 shopping centers that Jim talked about in the core these are shopping centers that we haven't talked much about. We've got 90 shopping centers. And the idea of unencumbering through restrictive anchor leases, things like Willow Lawn, Brick, Troy, Montrose, Crossroads in Chicago is -- show to that we -- as we say we have that appetite. I can tell you at Crossroads in Chicago for example, there is party city. The party city, if this were 2008, we would have done everything we can to keep them there. We would have lowered the rent, we would have done whatever we needed to do to keep the occupancy and to keep the income coming in the drawer. In 2016, we view that differently. We are certainly willing to play hardball on the lease terms effectively and say yes, you got to go, you got to go, because we're much more confident with respect to where it is that that we can release and what it is that we can do in terms of unencumbering the shopping center. Is there a point that that changes? Of course. To the extent the economy, it turns around and goes the other way, it's -- and we're going to feel a whole lot different about that just like we did back then. But it's not going to be an overnight type of decision. You'll have plenty of time and quarters for us to talk through what it is that we're doing with respect to these centers and what it is that we're -- be monitoring with respect to future centers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Donnelly: May be if I can just build on that a little bit just because there is increased concern in the U.S. about a recession today or one approaching if we are not in it already. I know Jim is inclined to probably make guidance that much more conservative than usual. But what specifically has, Don, do you think you have changed in your approach to managing the business to address risks that might not be on the radar screen say six to 12 months ago? And may be have you perceived any change in the willingness of retailers to commit to space or even just certain aspects of lease terms?
Don Wood: Yes, Jeff it's a good conservation. Let's start this out by Weilminster, is on the phone I think. I'd love for him to give you a prospective of the leasing world today. And then, I'm going to build on that with respect to your question, okay.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Sure.
Chris Weilminster: So Jeff, good morning. So my feedback on the leasing world today is that we're very -- we're cautiously optimistic with regards to the opportunities and that very much aligns with what we at Federal Realty have. And this is what we best-in-class assets, which we see located on markets that really align with the retailers desired core customer profile which is incredibly important to them. They know that it's our Realty's commitment to deliver best-in-class property level operation, execution, and maintenance, and are focused on delivering really on the best tenant mix available aligns with their ability to be successful. That puts us then in the best opportunity to take advantage of the growth that retailers are pursuing. And there clearly is growth demand from the retailers. They're just -- their outlook is just a lot more. They are a lot more focused on finding cites that do align with core customer. The deals that they are doing are taking much longer. The lease negotiations are certainly more difficult and they are a lot more selective. So we definitely see opportunity with regard to growth in retailers and we think that they are looking in the markets where we have our real estate. So I think from our perspective we are setup to take advantage of what demand exits out there, both on the box side, as well as on the smaller shop side. And as Don pointed out, I mean it's very important for us as we unlever some of the restrictions and these opportunities take advantage of putting a new relevant box retailers that also that rising tide, will allow us to really take advantage of the demand from the smaller shop tenants and selectively that will make our assets much better.
Don Wood: Yes. And let me add to that Jeff. So I mean your question is a great one. And to the extent this was -- turning it to 2008, you'd have a whole different perspective here in terms of what we think and what we're doing in the approach. There is not one side that we see with our discussions, with our retailers, at our properties, in our locations of anything like that. At worse, it's a take a deep -- it's just more of a deep breath. And as Chris said, it's more deliberate. It's a tougher negotiation all that, that's fine. The reality is if you were to see or to know -- if I took you for a ride over to Grand Park Plaza which is inside the Beltway in Fairfax, we have not been able to do anything with that property for a long time, because of the leases in place. This is a particular point in time where we have a shot. If we simply released it to -- you kept the same anchor in and extended those existing leases, we would be losing the shot to create significant value for a decade or more. So we -- when you overall take a look at it -- and this is with the decision, with everything we've done, we are still 93% occupied. This is hardly, oh my God, empty out the whole place, right, but it does. Take -- it take up very measured and careful approach towards 10 shopping centers in particular that that we wouldn't -- we've been trying forever to figure out a way, because demand is there to create value, but they've been encumbered by other demand, fee lease, or an old valley lease or whatever it is that a particular shopping center that was calling it to get it back. That seems like a smart approach to me. It's not all the way over on one side or all the way over on the other. Again, it's balanced.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Just may be thank you for that. May be to switch gears, just on the Clarion joint venture one or two questions. All else equal, I would have expected that purchase considering the cash funding to be slightly accretive to earnings but if there is no further dispositions in guidance, I guess what is restraining that possibility?
Jim Taylor: Jeff, as I mentioned in the call, we didn't have factor previously in the guidance sale of Courtyard Shops in Wellington, Florida. So when you factor in that asset sale plus transaction cost, generally neutral for 2016 and we do expect it to be $0.02 to $0.03 accretive in 2017.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Sorry, I missed the second part of that. I'm just curious, related to that portfolio occupancy in that JV has been a little bit lower than the rest of the Federal portfolio. Can you just remind us I guess how you guys think about the quality of those assets in comparison to your core and is there a future redevelopment potential there that may be isn't in your schedules today or do you see these assets as eventual sale candidates down the road?
Don Wood: Yes. The demographics are dam good compared to the rest of the portfolio. And I wish I had a better answer for you as to that. What can I show you today that way I will say, oh my God, why not the other 70% in that portfolio is a clear home run? I don't have that for you today. What I do have -- and again, a lot of it -- from management perspective in a company like this, it's to say all right I know have a very focused team on it. The initial conversations that we've been having with retailers and with custodies and jurisdictions that they're in suggest that there is some good stuff to do at a couple or three of these shopping centers and Plaza Del Mercado was the first one that I've said, I mentioned to you. I expect there will be others. Jim, Mooallem, and his team a little bit of time to run through this and in the next couple of quarters we'll have a far better roadmap for you if you will as to how it relates to the rest of the products that we have.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Okay, thanks and one last question. Curious why do Federal's renewal TIs run so much higher than peers? I guess I wouldn't the majority of your tenants -- it is a costless proposition to renew, there is a little incentive or disincentive for them to leave the property and yet your renewal TIs tend to be $8 to $9 a square foot versus sometimes less than $1 for a lot of your peers. I'm just curious what you think drives that?
Don Wood: I'm not sure I have an answer, I'm not sure. The one thing I would pass it here is these shopping centers are better shopping centers in areas that that were effectively the economics of the deal on a net basis make a whole lot of sense. And I suspect in return for some of that higher rent there is an expectation for certain small shops tenants to want more done to the space, can we get a redone bathroom, can we effectively refresh et cetera at the space? I suspect that but I don't know for sure. Chris, do you have anything to add to that.
Chris Weilminster: Yes, I only would add, I think it just vary, I think this period as Don mentioned, I mean we did a transaction up in Melville where do we have an in-place tenant where there is going to be a downsizing of GLA in one area of the store to bring another one of their brands in. So that is the Dick's deal that was mentioned. And so a lot of it has to do with our making sure of maximizing the opportunity within the space, whether that's an expansion, a shrinking and/or really is an improvement to some of the infrastructure that we see going beyond just a tenant. And so we're very proactive in analyzing every single step available to make sure that we're getting the best out of each space. You think about the amount of our portfolio of 100 plus assets we got to squeeze every bit out of juice out of each one of them, and so we do analyze them and that is how I think you will see the variation that I think we get into defining why on each deal we made those decisions, Don mentioned in our investment committee, and we do analyze them thoroughly. I hope that helps, Don.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Christy McElroy: Hi, good morning, guys and thanks for all the free advertising for our conference.
Don Wood: Sure, Christy, keep Alex, informed okay.
Christy McElroy: Absolutely first priority. Jim, just following up on some of your comments on delivery and stabilization of the active redevelopment projects, I think you mentioned $3 million of NOI in Q4 from Pike & Rose and Assembly. As I think about the rest of the pipeline, the $290 million of cost at 9%, that's $26 million of incremental NOI from those projects. How much of that flows through Q4 NOI and maybe you can break out the point specifically?
Jim Taylor: I'm going to need to get you that number specifically in your follow-up Christy; I dont have that with me right now.
Christy McElroy: Okay, right. And just secondly in regards to I think you mentioned $6 million of downtime impact from box recapture. Just wondering as you think about the occupancy trajectory in 2016 and the re-tenanting of some of those anchor boxes and it sounds like you could potentially have more that you could do on that front, where would you expect physical occupancy to end the year? What's sort of embedded in your guidance?
Jim Taylor: I think you're going to see occupancy dip a little bit in the first part of the year and then begin to recover towards the end of the year. I'm not going to give specific percentages because that's a difficult thing to predict based on how particular space can move it at particular period.
Don Wood: In Sports Authority too, we're going to have to figure out what happened there.
Jim Taylor: Yes.
Christy McElroy: Would you have any sense at this point for how many of those five Sports Authority locations you would divest?
Don Wood: I don't at this point. You know we've got five Christy and an average rent of 17 box or something like 17 box and anywhere between 11 and 25, I suspect we would love to get back to the ones at 11, and probably won't and once at 25 we will want to get back and we will have to figure out what else we have there. I tell you when I look at it; I take anyone of them back, anyone of them even ones to 25 because where they are and what we could do with them.
Jim Taylor: And Christy those are Assembly, Brick, Montrose Crossing, Crow Canyon, and East Bay Bride. So that are some of our very best centers.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then just sorry if you mentioned this already on the Assembly phase two condos, the increase in the number and the cost there, anything that we should read into that in terms of demand at that site for multifamily housing, the increases go for the project?
Don Wood: Certainly some of that but much more, this is a much more efficient building. The outside of the building that we were building is no different and accordingly being able to refine and tweak mix and efficiency of the building is what that's all about, it is some variance in terms of economics and we would not have done that blue if we not feel the market would absorb that and able to handle 17 more condos.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason White with Green Street Advisors. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jason White: Good morning. Just a quick question along the lines of, with some executive positions floating around out there that are open, how do you look at your talent on the bench in terms of keeping those bodies and may be succession planning if you do happen to get somebody stolen away?
Don Wood: Frankly I couldn't feel better; I mean there is we've spent a whole lot of time over the last two years working exactly what you're talking about, Jason, putting comp arrangements into place to make sure that we're doing the best we can to retain. The key with Federal as always been from our perspective you can get the best and the brightest, if you give them the autonomy and you give them the lease so they are able to run their businesses that's effectively what it is that's how we are set up. You can have a couple of cocktails with anyone of them to get their point of view that way but I feel real good about not only choices that will have for succession down the road but also the ability to execute this business plan that we've simply articulate about.
Jason White: Okay. And then last question for me. If you could maybe just contrast tenant health from three or four years ago versus today. It is obviously a Darwinian business and you are always replacing weak tenants with stronger tenants. But just overall kind of state of the retailer space, do you feel better today than you did three or four years ago relative to your tenant? Or is it there a little softness that is developing with some of these bankruptcies?
Don Wood: Yes Jason, I do have a very specific point of view with respect to this. I mean three or four years ago not just coming out of the recession, you're nervous. You're nervous with respect to what those tenants business plans are going to be, how they are going to work in the new world, did the cuts that they made in their staffing got their organizations with respect to be able to do all that. And what has happened and it's predictable if you kind of take a look at it, is, if you could be in every Board room of all those major retailers and smaller retailers along the way you would, some of them with respect to what they changed and where they're moving into a new economy became extremely good at it and got stronger, a lot of them kind of found mediocre and success in certain areas and not in other areas but with an improving economy, they held on, they held on, they held on, they held on. There is only so long you can hold on if your business plan is not affecting revenue. And I do think that what we see and we felt that in '15 not normal for what we're talking about for '16 was that those tenants that simply did not have business plans that resonated with consumers going forward we're not going to be able to hold on interest. We started to see that in the second half of '15, we decided then to specifically aggressively target them, it's -- we don't turn that on and off and this is a continuation of that into '16. But the better tenants, there are better tenants and those better tenants are doing very well. There is more of a bifurcation is what I'm saying between good and not so good today than there was three or four years ago. That's the distinction and that's why I guess I'm talking my own book here but its what I believe, that's why the bifurcation between the desirable real estate and not desirable real estate is wider than it certainly was three or four years ago. Those things work in tandem and that's why we are probably bit more optimistic with respect to our leasing of this strategy in '16 and '17 and some others are.
Jason White: So with your long lived leases, do you feel like there is a number of years of kind of pain to come from a retailer standpoint or are you working through the lion's share of that in the last couple of years?
Don Wood: Jason I do believe that but I believe that for only the better portfolio. I dont believe that across the board, three years ago, four years ago across the board, didn't matter. Today it matters.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Metz with UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Metz: Maybe a question for Chris Weilminster here, but you mentioned the broad strength you've seen on the leasing front both from main present in line and you talked at length earlier about being still optimistic about the retail environment. So I'm just wondering if you could give us some more specifics or color on where demand is coming from on both the shop and the box side.
Chris Weilminster: Sure. I will say that, the soft goods retailers, Nordstrom Rack has made announcement about their growth plans, so there is a lot of demand out from boxes in that category, Rack TJX you talk about what's going on HTC and growth expectations I think for Saks be it Saks OFF 5TH brand, I think they are rolling out or talking about some brands as it relates to Lord and Taylor. I think that clearly is a box component that is looking for opportunity. We see the grocery category looking to get more nimble and do more urban oriented stores, so smaller. I think there is a new concept out by Ahoid called BeFresh which is taking some of what they have learned over the European market about providing more deliverables on home meal replacement, more convenient environment. That clearly provides opportunity and in the QSR business as we've been talking about for long-term on smaller shop really continues to just amazed at how they are kind of cutting out the mid-tier casual dining category and providing as quite you know high quality products, more curated by the consumer in a faster environment. That's just a low hanging fruit but that energy certainly are and those types of retailers are the ones that we clearly see taking advantage of it as we release opportunities within our portfolio.
Don Wood: You know Jeremy the other thing you got to keep your eye on which I think is a real positive for the open air space is there is -- there are certainly more womens apparel tenants that are considering open air versus or developing new concepts for open air versus just malls, I mean we did a couple of Lemon pop deals over the past few quarters, one in Melville Mall that I just love how it's performing, one in Ellisburg, that we did. And so those retailers open mindedness to where with respect to their business plans they can create value, I think is a real positive to the type of products that we have.
Jeremy Metz: Good. Appreciate that color. And then Don, in terms of these Sports Authority, I know it is a little early here and hard to put a probability on but assuming you could get those back, do any of those have the potential to lead to some bigger redevelopments here given that they are in some of your better centers?
Don Wood: Yes. It is funny; I mean Brick isn't doing right. We are working hard at Brick Plaza to redeploying that shopping center and one of the Sports Authority is the Brick Plaza is opened, it's a box, big box that opens up another set of opportunities. You know what weve been doing with respect to remerchandising East Bay Bridge, we would love to get that back to be able to remerchandise it. And then more Assembly Square, Assembly Square and you know that power center is now adjacent to a pretty dam successful mixed-use project. So even though it pays a lot of rent, wouldn't mind that either. So there is when I look down through them, they can turn into some real causes from a value perspective but again short-term hits.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. And then just one last quick one for Jim here. I was just wondering if you can talk about the free rent you are giving at the office space at Assembly and Pike & Rose and what those tenants take in occupancy here over the next few quarters. Should we really be thinking about stabilized yield for those, the office components of those projects, not hitting until kind of a mid-or late 2017?
Jim Taylor: It's going to be coming in, in mid-'17 that's correct, Jeremy. When you factor in those periods and timing as we get those tenants moved in again all the spaces committed. Now it's just a question of getting the tenants in the space.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. So if I think about what you guys have said during this call it seems like no real slow down and not slowing down on taking space back and releasing it. But how about for bigger items like A, I'm not sure if there's a Phase 3 for some of your larger projects? But given what's going on the road does it at all impact your decisions to embark on to larger more heavy capital projects?
Don Wood: We are not at a point where we're at a go or no-go with respect to the third phase of Pike & Rose, the third phase of Assembly, I can't tell you there are a lot of things we're working on, some of which are on call. But when we are at that point the investment committee decision, the capital allocation decision will certainly -- decisions will certainly take into account where we are at that time in economy, what we believe in terms of future and what we're comfortable of doing and how much risk we would like to take to our offload, which we can do. So as of today, I'd have -- you should assume nothing different with respect to third phases or fourth phases of those products or anything else we're looking at. As the year plays out, as '17 plays out and we're getting through investment committee stage, you can bet that we'll have more to say about it.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And just quick one on CocoWalk. You look at that project, we talked -- I think we talked about it before. It just seems like a bigger scope potentially with kind of empty small shops around that asset. Any progress update on what you're trying to do with that asset overall?
Jim Taylor: I'm so going to jump in here before Weilminster starts telling you about all the great ideas he has got. Here is an awful lot of stuff that we are thinking about and working through. Ki Bin, I don't want to place you off gear, but I'm not going to say anything further about either CocoWalk or Sunset until we got something to say on it, because I don't want to take you up and then down and then up and then down, and that's the process that we go through with respect to a true redevelopment analysis. There are a number of ways we could go there. Some of them have a larger scope; some of them are more simplistic. The overall IRRs and the risk adjusted nature of each of those opportunities is what we're going to consider. I'm just not ready here in -- on figure of 10 to go further.
Chris Weilminster: Ki Bin, I would just comment that if you're spending any time in that market you're seeing some very good things happen there. So we're pleased with momentum that we see in the market. But again, as Don said, not ready to talk about any particular plan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Auerbach with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
George Auerbach: Thanks. For Don or Jim, on the 10 box opportunities with the 450,000 square feet plus. Just to clarify. Are all these likely redevelopments or do you expect that some or most of these would be just redevelopment with normal CapEx? And fairly [indiscernible] --
Don Wood: I love that. Well, I love that question George.
Jim Taylor: You have to probably let him finish the question before you can answer.
George Auerbach: It's the good part. Just -- I guess the projects that you expect to be at larger redevelopments, how significant of a capital investment could it be?
Don Wood: Yes. So if you were working here and we were looking at these 10 assets and spending time within the cities, in the communities that they're in doing market studies of what's missing not only on a retail but potentially in mixed use basis in each of these places, you know that -- you would know that it takes little bit of time. And the idea of figuring out what should each of these be is where we start. We then put on the overall paths of okay, how likely is it to get it done, where is the balance in our business plans. If I work getting that and I am, I would suggest to you that half of these would be releasing, a couple of them would be minor redevelopments and a couple of them would be larger redevelopments. I can't give you a capital number, because I'm just guessing at what I'm saying. But that's the --what Im trying to do is to give you the process that were going to go through to make sure that this I want to say once in a lifetime but once in a decade opportunity of having unencumbered sections of the real estate gets you very thoroughly and that we dont just lap it an inferior tenant in order to get out the material same-store growth back.
George Auerbach: I guess its fair to say that. Im sorry.
Don Wood: No, Im sure that is not enough for you in terms of what you're trying to get but that's about what it will be, it will be some mixture between those three possibilities at all 10 centers.
George Auerbach: That is helpful but I guess it is fair to say that we shouldnt expect any NOI contribution from these assets for the 10 boxes in 2016 maybe half of it comes in 2017 and the rest is beyond that.
Don Wood: I think that is right and if in the case of redevelopment when you look at redevelopment as certain things that are really clear that pretty quickly that you cant create economic value because of other things in the property. In those cases I think in almost all of us here we got demand for space. So you may see a couple of quick releasing opportunities that may even provide some small level in 2016 but by and large you will see it in 2017 forward.
George Auerbach: That's helpful and last one from me. Jim, any comments on where I guess can you remind us how much common equity is implied into the guidance range? And I guess just given some of the uncertainty in the world and your funding needs in the current pipeline, any thoughts on overnight vis--vis the ATM issuance?
Don Wood: Part of the reason we have the balance sheet we do is always maximum flexibility towards never be in a position to have to raise a particular type of capital at a particular point in time. That's something that we really work hard to protect and preserve. As we look at overall equity needs for the year, probably in the neighborhood of 200 million to 250 million but again we have the flexibility to do it through our ATM, potentially an overnight that -- its all about making sure that we have the flexibility and as weve been working really hard that you can see to make sure that as we are working through all this value creation that we have actually been prefunding a great deal of it, and you can see that when you look at our debt-to-EBITDA metric which has remained low despite the fact that we have lot of developments to start producing EBITDA yet. So that gives us lot more flexibility if that stuff comes on and importantly puts us in a position where we can fund the growth that we have underway multiple ways.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Vincent Chao: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Just a few follow-up questions here. Jim, in the equity of $200 million, $250 million I think last quarter you are talking about more like $150 million is this increaser there just due to the JV acquisition or is it something else that has changed in your thinking regarding some other sources of funding?
Jim Taylor: That's pretty much it, and it's a good question, Vin, because we could potentially take some of that equity through an asset sales which we dont have plan, but as we demonstrated last year, were always looking for that as well, but the increase is largely a reflection of taking down $150 million investment in our joint venture.
Vincent Chao: Got it. Okay. Thanks for that. And just going back to the Splunk conversation from earlier can you just remind it do you have to know how much of that space was sort of geared for future growth as opposed to just selling so much spaces they need today?
Jim Taylor: Jeff?
Jeff Berkes: Yes. We are 100% sure, Vin. I mean, we enjoy they're talking about of leasing couple of floors but the plans can be evolving on that, so Im not 100% sure. We do know they're pushing to get in to the space and we do know that they are hiring a ton of employees right now. So we think all that's still been in flux.
Vincent Chao: Okay. Got it, and then just moving to we talked about Sports Authority quite a bit but just in terms of normal rollover, can you remind us what, if any, Nobles and Staples are rolling over in 2016 and 2017?
Chris Weilminster: We dont have that rollover, Vin; we will have to follow up with you on that.
Don Wood: We're ready for you on that one, Vin.
Vincent Chao: This is a little disappointing guys. But that's all right.
Don Wood: Yes.
Chris Weilminster: Wait, I can -- let me just opine there. I can't give you the specific number. But there are one or two -- there is one more de novo that we're very actively in discussion with them, which is coming up in the next 18 months and we're already working with them and talking about downsides of space and looking at other options for the space that will be coming back. They have no options available. So its a clear slate for us to attack. In Staples, we are very aggressively looking at our portfolio at Staples; it's a staggered rollover schedule at Staples. But we're certainly very focused on the office supply category and how you're working on backlog opportunity, should we get in these spaces back.
Vincent Chao: Okay. Appreciate that. And then just on the tenant discussions I mean it sound like the discussions are little longer, little bit tougher negotiations. But the market seems to be -- it seems it's priced in a higher probably recession relatively they're sort of within the start of year here. And I'm just curious when your conversations really started to get more difficult?
Chris Weilminster: Well, I would just say that it's difficult following the great recession that we referred to the retailers. I mean this is not --
Don Wood: I was listening to Chris before and then -- and I couldn't be helpful but struck by the fact that I've been here in the same thing for Chris for the past two years. And it's that I even wrote down on piece of paper here to talk to him later. But you're not -- I mean we are not seeing a significant difference from a year ago with respect to that. And again, I kind of think this comes down too, where are you trying to get to, because expansion plans remain for -- he went through the litany of retailers, it's just where? And if that's a smaller list or that's come back a bit, what are the chances that we're going to get our fair share or better than our fair share of those opportunities and we think that's pretty good. But, yes. There is still tough conversation.
Vincent Chao: Oh, then that's helpful. I mean the fact that you're out leasing a shift from what's been for a while that's I think a key distinction. So thanks for that. That's all I have. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Floris Van Dijkum with Boenning. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Floris Van Dijkum: Hi, guys. Thanks for all. I know everyone is probably winding down, so quick question. When you guys look at expanding into a new market or increasing your investment in new market how much of that is opportunistic versus strategic? You just expanded significantly in Miami. How much of that was opportunity based, or how much of that was strategic based?
Don Wood: Floris, that's a strategic decision, clearly a strategic decision. The one thing that we got comfortable with over the years a little bit is what it is -- where were the places in this country that were logical extensions for us that we felt very, very good about the positive changes on a macro level over the next decade or two. The more we looked at not Florida or Miami in particular within Florida, the more we felt that all the investments that's happening downtown, all the investments that's happening in that marketplace was not -- was what it is, but it wasn't the same as what was happening where the full-time population lives. The more we looked into those areas which included Coral Gables and included Coconut Grove the more we got really excited about the possibilities of those being underserved places that were on a real up swing. Frankly, six months later or 12 months later from when we did it and two years later from when we started thinking about it, we're actually more optimistic in terms of what's happening. If you look, don't look hard at the press and some of the deals that have been done in or around Coconut Grove over the past year 12 or such a 15 months, and I think you'll say, oh, man, maybe these guys are on to something. So that was very much a strategic decision.
Floris Van Dijkum: And if you guys look at other markets, are there any other markets that you are in, I'm thinking may be of Chicago? Is there a strategic reason not to be in that or will you at some point potentially look through to grow that market as well?
Don Wood: That is on Jim Taylor's to-do-list, go-list, important list for 2016. So do me a favor and keep asking that question every three months. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Lucas with Capital One. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Chris Lucas: Don, just may be to summarize the conversation about where the tenant conversations are, is it more about their feeling the pain of rents higher than it is about their caution about store openings? Is that kind of where we are with this?
Don Wood: I think its a combination. I think its a combination, Chris. When youre sitting in your -- I always try to take it to the board rooms of any company and in those board rooms or conversations about earnings growth and longer-term plans and it's like anything else. You don't just turn things on and off unless you have crazy times like 2008 and again there is no sign that we see anything like that. So instead you start tweaking all your pieces, number of store openings, your cost structure, your product lines and store size all of that stuff. So on a combined basis there is not one thing that to level when we say retailers applying there is one thing out there, there are very many different business plans and all we try to do as a company and as a business is to be attractive towards many of them as possible and not be tied to any one retailer, any one category within those retailers or any one geography. So when you look at from that perspective and you truly get back to demand versus supply on your particular real estate thats why we are probably more optimistic than hearing a lot elsewhere.
Chris Lucas: Okay. And then my last question. If we circle back to sort of the very beginning of the Q&A and talk about the acquisition of the Clarion interest, when I think historically about how you guys have talked about the portfolio I think Don, you have always talked about how proud you are of the fact that it is a few assets, very highly valuable, large assets. When I look at the six assets that are in this portfolio for the most part, they tend to be at the smaller end and several of them don't really fit what I would consider Federal markets or micro markets. So when I think about the answer to the question you talked about having more bandwidth. So the question that I would ask you is -- is that because of the reorganization, should we expect smaller core assets to necessarily be a bigger piece of this portfolio going forward because you have more bandwidth or how should we be thinking about this transaction?
Don Wood: Very clear question Chris, the answer is no, we should not be thinking that. And that this is a discrete investment decision and when you sit and specifically think about this discrete investment decision know that we have a 11 years of actual experience in knowing how these particular assets act and not act. And all six of them aren't great. No question about it from the standpoint of are they does one size fit all for you, not at all. But as a portfolio with an opportunity to either sell the 30% that is that we did own or buy the 70% that we did not own in this discrete transaction we think we can make some money in that and add some value here. Don't take that and expand that to the company's overall business plan, the way you just described because that wouldn't be the case.
Operator: Thank you. And that does concludes today's Q&A portion of the call. I would like to turn the call back over to Leah Andress for any closing remarks.
Leah Andress: Thank you everyone for joining us today and we look forward to seeing you all at the Wells and Citi conferences in the coming weeks. Thanks guys.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Brittany Schmelz - IR Don Wood - President, CEO Jim Taylor - EVP, CFO, Treasurer Chris Weilminster - EVP, Real Estate and Leasing
Analysts: Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Christy McElroy - Citi Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Jason White - Green Street Advisors Paul Morgan - Canaccord Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Brittany Schmelz. Ma'am, you may begin.
Brittany Schmelz: Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for our third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Joining on the call are Don Wood, Jim Taylor, Dawn Becker, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Certain matters discussed in this call, maybe deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securitize Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operation and it's actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements. And we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. These documents are available on our Web site at www.federalrealty.com. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our third quarter 2015 results. Don?
Don Wood: Well, thank you, Britney, and good morning, everyone. So we had a big important quarter for the company here with FFO per share of $1.36, a result higher than we ever reported before with 10.6% higher than last year's third quarter. Starts on the top line with overall revenue growth of 8.4%, which flows nicely down overall property level operating income growth of 8.7%. Somewhat higher G&A from additional personnel and down below the operating line, the strength of our balance sheet paid huge dividends in the form of lower interest costs. If you sit back and you pause for a minute and really reflect on the components of that third quarter P&L, you'll start to recognize that the 5 million sources of our growth all contribute here, creating what we think is the most balanced and durable set of financial results in the business. Consider that in this third quarter, there are contributions from; Number 1, the big developments that Assembly and Pike & Rose, which added nearly $4 million more rent than last year's quarter. 2, Active redevelopments especially in Mercer Shopping Center in New Jersey, Westgate Center in San Jose, the Peterson Building in Hollywood which along with others resulted in overall same-store growth including redevelopment of 4.2%. Third, same-store growth from the core excluding redevelopment which were only 2% with the results of a purposeful and aggressive towards to get back space for redevelopment along with a tough year-over-year comp caused by lower termination and other fees this year. Four, acquisitions like CocoWalk and San Antonio Center which contributed an incremental $2.4 million in rent over last year and most importantly number 5, our balance sheet and track record that results in one of the lowest cost of debt and equity capital among REITs that really provides a level of P&L flexibility that's enviable. As an aside our entire debt portfolio with an average maturity over 10 years from now. As a weighted average interest rate of 4.07%. So excuse my baseball analogy, I know I'm going to be made fun for this, but it really fits here. If Federal were a baseball player, it would be referred to as a five tool player. Five tool players are baseball scouts lingo for a complete baseball player. One with superior arm strength, speed, defensive abilities and those who can hit for average and hit for power. Lee May's is considered one of the best five tool players of all time. And that's what we are humbly trying to mimic. Complete players. It's the completeness of the business plan. We're not dependent on anyone tool that were most proud of and that was so evident during the third quarter. Think about that. Event with 2% same-store growth FFO per share grew over 10% in the quarter and is expected to be over 7% for the year. Again, running this entity with so many arrows in our quiver, it gives us great flexibility to be able to take the longer view, a view required to maximize real estate value. I'll talk a little bit more about this because I think it's really important to any investors' decision to own Federal. When we broke the company up between core and mixed use earlier in the year and brought an additional real estate talent to lead the core, Jeff Mooallem, Michael Linson, Jarett Parker, Liz Ryan and others which caused higher level of G&A the way. We did so in order to ensure that the all-important core portfolio got the attention and aggressive asset management that it deserves to create more value and to continue to act as the strongest possible foundation to the development and acquisition pipeline. In part, that means getting control of space that has long hindered value creation in certain shopping centers. The A&P bankruptcy led a strike. We had four. One, A&P, one, Pathmark, and two, Walmarts between New Jersey and Long Island. All four leases had significant value not just to us, but to multiple parties. And if we chose to not participate in the bankruptcy process, I'm quite confident that all four leases would've been bought by someone which would have resulted in zero down time and zero lost rent in any of those spaces. And if our business plan were one-dimensional we might have let that happen. But we didn't. Nearly 185,000 feet of space and over $3 million of same-store occupancy and rent went out the door and by the way we had to pay millions of dollars to get the right to lose all that income beginning this month. We've taken an educated and calculated gamble that $6 million plus investment plus a year or more of downtime would pay back many times over not only in terms of the four walls of these grocery stores, which is how a lot of people look at the leases value, but for us a by unlocking more significant redevelopment that improve the entire shopping centers. While same-store growth and occupancy will be negatively impacted in the fourth quarter and certainly for next year, the future value of Brick Plaza in [Wilde] [ph] Township, New Jersey, Troy Shopping Center in Parsippany, New Jersey and Melville Mall on Long Island will be far higher when we're done releasing and re-developing. I don't know if we could have made that decision if same-store growth and year end occupancy were the only considerations. And yet, we could because our FFO per share growth is still expected to be 7% plus in 2015 and we strive to hit FFO per share growth of 7% in 2016. Okay. Let's back up and talk about leasing for a moment. 478,000 feet of comparable deals executed in the quarter at an average rent of 2698, 19% higher than the 2269 per foot prior tenant was paying; the leasing strength was broad with both new deals and renewals registering double-digit growth as did both anchor and small shop leases. In addition, 19 non-comparable deals done largely on the new developments representing an additional 82,000 square feet of space. So over 560,000 square feet of deals in a three-month period. There is plenty of productive leasing being done these days in virtually all markets that we do business in. That's an important point to focus on at this particular time as we assess the sustainability of the strong retail leasing market. We're betting that demand for solid retail real estate remains that way due primarily to the limited amount of great real estate locations that are available. Most good stuff is pretty well leased out. You can see it of the occupancies of most high-quality portfolios. Here is why that represents a particularly good opportunity. We're going to consciously take it the other way for a while. As I mentioned earlier, we're aggressively tasking our core team to go hard after space farming retailers and part because we want to use these favorable economic conditions to release them now. We expect to have more anchor vacancies to attack in the next few quarters than we've had in years. The A&P supermarket, I discussed our only one example. LA Fitness is former Valley's location and our Grant Park Shopping Center in Arlington, Virginia, it's another example. We're getting pretty close to our redevelopment plan that makes financial sense at that center that requires us to get that and adjacent space back in order to control enough of the shopping center to be able to execute the redevelopment. Of course, it's downtime and lost rent in the meantime. The Hudson Trail closure resulting from that company's bankruptcy at Montrose Crossing that many of you remembered from the Investor Day is another that could give us just the flexibility we've been looking for at that end of the shopping center. Of course, it's downtime and lost rent in the meantime. But basically, because of our big developments beginning to contribute, our redevelopments already in process acquisitions like CocoWalk and Sunset Place and a low leverage of balance sheet with a favorable cost of capital, we believe that the inherent balance of the plan will continue to allow us to grow earnings at roughly 7% annually which is necessary for us to double earnings over 10 years of foundational goals of our company. So far so good. And when it comes to those acquisitions and of elements, man, we have a lot going on. From continued advancement of the construction and leasing at both Pike & Rose and Assembly to the opening of the Point Development in El Segundo to critical acclaim this quarter, to the largest office deal that we've ever done with data mining technology powerhouse Splunk at 500 Santana Row, which by the way will create an immediate $75 million or so of value. So that closing on October 1 of previously referenced Sunset Place in South Miami, we have got more going on to keep our five growth buckets fully productive than ever before. Let me give you a few more updates on those big projects and then I will turn it over to Jim. At Pike & Rose, we had a strong quarter in terms of residential leasing, and by the way, I want to thank many of you for joining us there for the Investor Day about a month ago. As we reported in the past per se which is this 174 unit first residential building of the project is and remains 95% leased up and you remember that leasing began on the high-rise building we call Pallas over the summer. We currently already have 100 of the 319 units in that building leased that's faster than we anticipated and rent in line with our pro formas. The update isn't is positive on the construction site as cost overruns largely on and around the faade and the skin of the high-rise building both material cost and labors will overrun by approximately $10 million. Accordingly, we reflected that in the 8-K but still expect to complete Pallas lease up as scheduled throughout 2016. Construction is underway on the second phase. At Assembly, construction on the Partners Healthcare Complex is proceeding very well and we're hopeful that many of the 4000 plus employees expected at that location will begin occupying the space by midyear 2016. The balance of the second phase of Assembly Row is now underway. Turning to 500 Santana Row, in addition to the strong financial return from this Splunk deal that return brace of trust we're really excited to have the incremental daytime office traffic and the added in complementary parking that it adds surrounding out Santana Row. With Apple's new headquarters being built just 4 miles down the road and the Splunk deal signed at Santana, the rest of the build-out at the balance of Santana Row as well as the 12 acres across the street that we call Santana West will be lower risk and more valuable. Construction remains on time and on schedule for 2017 rent start in Splunk building. And finally in South Miami, the deal that we have been referring to all year, finally closed on October 1, and I trust you've all seen the detail in the acquisition press release. The demographics surrounding this 10 acres that make up Sunset Place are among the strongest in our portfolio and we're actively looking at redevelopment and re-merchandising plans and schemes. I'm going to resist talking about those redevelopment plans and schemes in those possibilities until we're confident in what it is that we can do, but in the meantime, we should yield above 6% on our nearly $100 million investment for 85% before our interest costs. That is it for my prepared remarks, I will turn it over to Jim, and I look forward to your questions afterwards.
Jim Taylor: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. As Don alluded to this quarter represented yet another record for us at $1.36 per share and just pausing on FFO for a moment, I would like at the outset to recognize the contribution of the entire Federal team from leasing, operations, development and investments many of them you got to meet at our Investor Day last month who delivered these outstanding results. Turning to the numbers overall POI grew at 8.7% over the prior year in line with our long-term plan. The largest single driver of that growth was our core portfolio, which grew at 4.2% on a same-store basis including redevelopment. Given the volume of properties that we have under redevelopment that pool represents approximately 95% of our total POI. Our same-store pool excluding redevelopment activity which is a smaller percentage grew at 2%. We realized about 70 basis points of drag from year-over-year differences in term fees and certain one-time fees. Other drag on same-store POI growth which began to show this quarter and will accelerate as Don alluded to and I will cover in guidance associated with roll over contributed another 30 basis points of drag. When you consider the roll over that we are achieving from a leasing perspective, which was 19% on a cash basis and has averaged 70% over the last four quarters this timing lag or downtime is very opportune as we release the space in a very strong market. The balance of POI growth was driven by development deliveries collectively Pike & Rose and Assembly contributed $3.5 million of POI this quarter and the successful integration of the San Antonio Center and CocoWalk acquisitions both of which are performing very well against our initial acquisition underwriting. G&A increased $1 million year-over-year largely due to higher personnel costs and placement fees as we invest in our platform for growth. Again, we will cover in guidance but we expect our G&A margin remained below 5% of revenue. Interest expense declined $1.7 million due primarily due to the reduction in our weighted average interest rate from 4.7% to 4.1% which was offset by a lower interest capitalization as we continue to deliver development. Bottom line FFO per share grew at 10.6% in the quarter followed by the long-term plan. Turning to the balance sheet we opportunistically accessed the debt markets in late September capitalizing on favorable pricing dynamics at the five-year part of the curve and issued $250 million of 2.55% senior notes and at all-time low spread for us of 110 basis points. This issuance moved our weighted average tenure beyond 10 years versus the peer average closer to five. We utilized the proceeds to term out borrowings under the line of credit which had full capacity of $600 million at quarter end providing more than enough liquidity to fund the growth that we have underway. Our debt to EBITDA remains strong at 5.25x and our fixed charge coverage improved to 4.5x. On the acquisition front as Don alluded to, we successfully closed on October 1 on the acquisition of Sunset Place for total price of $110 million. As we discussed in our Investor Day, we are pleased that within the last six months we have successfully deployed almost $200 million of capital into two in-fill assets in Coconut Grove and South Miami. These two assets not only provide an attractive current yield in a 6% range importantly that present great upside potential through redevelopment and repositioning to better serve the affluent and year around populations of South Miami-Dade. Looking at the balance of 2015, we've increased our FFO guidance range to 530 to 533. This range is based on our expectation that we will achieve same-store NOI for the full year of 3.5% which reflects the downtime Don mentioned for approximately 184,000 square feet on the three A&P locations as well as an additional 60,000 square feet of box space associated with Hudson Trail and City Sports that we're taking over this quarter. Assuming our leasing with Static which never is that would represent about 120 basis points of occupancy. As we expect our same-store NOI to be low in the fourth quarter. Looking ahead to 2016, this is another big year for the company in terms of NAV creation. For somebody who has to provide guidance, it doesn't make it easy but the level of activity just blows me away. First, as Don alluded to, we expect to complete the lease up of the 319 unit Pallas high rise of Pike & Rose, initial leasing as Don alluded to is going well and we expect that building to stabilize in the fourth quarter of 2016. We well-experienced in drag through early 2016 as the building achieves breakeven occupancy. The office space at both Assembly Row and Pike & Rose which represents approximately $80 million of investment is fully committed and we will continue to see rent commencing through 2016 and early 2017 as those tenants take occupancy. 500 Santana Row, our 234,000 square foot office building which represents approximately 120 million of investment is 100% pre-leased and will deliver in 2016 and rent commenced in 2017. The Point redevelopment at Plaza El Segundo, which opened successfully this quarter with strong tenant performance will stabilize in the latter half of 2016. In addition to the Point and 500 Santana Row, this is important we have approximately $85 million of tactical redevelopments stabilizing over the next five quarters. The partner is building at Assembly Row as Don alluded to will deliver with over 4500 employees taking occupancy in the latter part of 2016. We will grand open Saks OFF 5TH in our old headquarters basement space at Congressional, in addition to stabilizing the storage residential building. We'll be well underway on the second phase as the Pike & Rose and Assembly that represent another $600 million of investment and we will begin delivering in 2017 and 2018. And finally, as we've covered in some detail, we will be re-leasing the LA Fitness and A&P and other boxes in our core portfolio that we have recaptured this year. We expect our 2016 FFO per share to be in the range of $5.65 to $5.71 per share or approximately 7% growth at the midpoint. That growth of 7% remains at the top of the estimates for our peer group none of whom have yet provided 2016 guidance. It is consistent with our long-term plan and reflects some critical investments in future value creation and consistent growth that we discussed at length at our Investor Day. Those investments include a balance sheet with weighted average debt tenor of over 10 years. Debt to market cap of 21% that importantly provides us maximum flexibility to fund our long-term value creation at the lowest positive capital. Downtime associated with the targeted recapture of the A&P and LAF in 2016 represents approximately $5 million or almost $0.07 per share or 100 basis points of same-store NOI. That targeted box recapture is on top of an additional $6 million or almost $0.08 a share of downtime associated with the roll over of larger box spaces is in our portfolio. To provide some overall context, the average downtime in our same-store portfolio associated with all roll over in the last five years has been on average about $10 million to $11 million of impact. That downtime impacted 2016 is approximately $70 million. That's importantly as Don alluded to, we are investing in NAV creation, while our near-term same-store NOI is expected to be in the 3% to 3.5% range for the year. Approximately $2.5 million of incremental marketing spend the we're investing to ensure that the critical first phases of our mixed use developments opened successfully as well as starting to market the condos that we will deliver in the second phases of the Assembly and Pike & Rose. As I discussed at our Investor Day, so these new urban neighborhood successfully stabilize, this cost center becomes a potential revenue opportunity. Over $1 million of redevelopment R&D as we continue to fill our pipeline of redevelopment -- excuse redevelopment R&D as we continue to fill our redevelopment pipeline. We expense these costs until the projects are probable. As Don mentioned, our core team is actively engaged in executing upon needs and identifying new opportunities for the future. And then finally higher G&A that we expect to be approximately $34 million to $35 million as we invest in growing the team. But we will always stay disciplined as we maintain the G&A margin among the lowest in our peer group. As always our guidance for the next year does not include any acquisitions or dispositions that is not already closed. However, we do expect to remain active on both front and will update guidance as those transactions occur. We've covered a lot but before I turn it back to the operator to open the line, let me thank all of you who attended the Investor Day last month. Your turnout was terrific. We've had great feedback and as always greatly appreciated the opportunity to connect with our earners and analysts. We look forward to seeing many of you again in a week or so at NAREIT to the extent you haven't reserved the spot on the calendar please do so soon. With that operator, I would like to turn it over for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Craig Schmidt: Hi. Thank you. I was wondering, if you could give a sense of the direction that maybe the new tenants that shop at Sunset Place may take versus --
Don Wood: I was expecting the question. I was hoping it wasn't the first question. Listen, I do want to talk about Sunset Place a little bit. Look, you may have heard the former owner of Sunset Place, Simon Property Group is pretty darn good at what they do. If it were an easy fix and there was an easy way to create a lot of value in 12 months or something else like that they would have done it. So I don't want to talk about that just yet. There's a lot of complexity with it. Basically when you look at the going in yield and the going in price, we basically said all right there is enough cushion based on what that location is and what you would have to pay for a perfect assets. There's enough cushion over that to give us the opportunity. Give us the time to take the chance to see if we can find a better merchandising scheme or better physical plant, see if we can make the numbers make some sense and which includes -- which will include a new entitlement process et cetera. So that will take -- it will take a couple of years. It will take some time. So I don't want to get out ahead. I don't really want to have anything in your mind. I would love to just kind of take it for what it is. And when we start talking about a way to create value that we see pay for it then give us credit for it then. But at this point, I'm really not ready to do that.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. And then, maybe if you have any observations about Macy's backstage opening at Melville, I would like to hear it.
Don Wood: I actually don't know how they open in terms of numbers. I should know that but Chris Weilminster, do you have any information you can add?
Chris Weilminster: Craig, it's still a little bit early for us to report on that. We've not gotten much information back from Carl or his team. So unfortunately I do not have any better answer than Don provided.
Craig Schmidt: Okay.
Don Wood: We will be ready to talk about that next time Craig.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. Thanks. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. It seems like you made some parts of leasing at Congressional Plaza and Pentagon Row, could you talk a little bit about that? And maybe just putting it all together your guidance or same-store NOI of 3% to 3.5% which I assume includes redevelopment. What is that look like if there wasn't someone that is kind of proactively leasing and A&P?
Jim Taylor: Well, I mean 100 basis point in and of itself. A&P and LAF alone is about 100 basis points. So and again, Ki Bin when you put the context of what we're doing overall because roll over happens every year. Downtime happens every year. Over the last several years our average downtime has been about $10 million to $11 million just in our same-store portfolio this year it is going to be about $17 million. So it gives you a sense of the scale and scope of the drag on what we're getting after. Just A&P and LAF alone from an occupancy standpoint would be approximately 180 bps of occupancy. So just those are pretty meaningful. Again, nothing is static. Chris and team continue to be very active on the leasing front, but even if we get that space leased as you understand it will take some time before that rent commences. So that's what we're forecasting for 2016.
Don Wood: Hey, Ki Bin, the only thing I would add to that is, you may remember from the Investor Day, we did spend a lot of time on Congressional because we really did want you to see what a dominant shopping center -- how it can still our value effectively 50 years after we bought it. And show when Saks OFF 5TH opens up there, we will also do a refresh to the front end of that shopping center which we believe will help us in our re-leasing of all the shop space that is there not to mention 50 additional units, residential units on the back of the shopping center. So this is all tied in. That is not specific to LAF or to A&P. But we are getting after those type of situations throughout the portfolio. Not just the two big ones that we mentioned.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is now open.
Christy McElroy: Hey, good morning, guys. I heard you mention a couple occupancy numbers associated with the downtime, was it 120 basis points or was it 180 basis points, I think you just mentioned.
Jim Taylor: No. I'm sorry, I misspoke. Thank you for clarifying that. With the A&P and LAF, it's about 120 basis points of occupancy.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And so when should we expect that to be fully in the numbers as we kind of think about as we go through 2016 and what quarter would you expect to be sort of a trough in terms of the year-over-year occupancy decline?
Jim Taylor: As you look into the year, we are going to be seeing the drag really not only this quarter but at least for the next three quarters into 2016. As we go into the fourth quarter of 2016 we expect to see some of that improved.
Don Wood: Christy, anchor leasing, I'm sure Weilminster is smiling on -- he is not in the office with us, he is at a remote location but I'm sure he is smiling. In Anchor leasing getting those deals done and new deals done, getting that space built out, getting the tenants in and paying rent will take at least a year. And just -- that's what it takes. That is in the math of what we consider. When we consider aggressively going after in A&P or whatever it is, we are not believing that six months from now that space is up and operating in rent payment. It just doesn't work that way. So financially, we are considering a full 12 months and in some cases 15 months of downtime before its back in the numbers.
Christy McElroy: Got you. And if you think about sort of all the rent that you're losing on all this space and aggregate, what do you think could be potentially the mark-to-market on that space, or some sort of a range relative to the spreads that you been generating?
Don Wood: I would hope that you see something like 25%, 30% or maybe more percent.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then, just lastly, how do you think about selling assets today just for the fund growth versus accessing the ATM?
Don Wood: Well, let me talk about asset sales for a second because this is something that it never -- it always kind of hangs underneath the radar for us. But when you look back there is always a level of assets sales no, not as much as our competitors. We don't need to do as much as our competitors in there. But when you see the assets on Houston Street and San Antonio, Texas sold this year, you will see by the end of the year, I suspect, we have got another one on the contract to sell -- you will see that too if that deal goes through. You'll see another one next year. There's all these going to be $50 million or so of trading up. One of the things you kind of get me a little bit earlier than I wanted to talk about it. But I'm going to be showing you maybe not for a NAREIT, but maybe we will see if we can be ready. The past couple of years of assets that have been sold versus what it is that we have bought. And you will clearly, although it is a little dilutive, it's not as dilutive as most of our competitors would necessarily be because we get good prices even on what we are selling vis--vis what we are buying. You will see a real improvement in the overall portfolio if you just think about San Antonio Center that we brought in Northern California in and Houston Street, San Antonio, Texas out, the difference is night and day and we're going to show you two or three or four more examples like that on a portfolio basis. But figure around 50.
Christy McElroy: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Michael Mueller: Hi, it's Jim. Sticking with the occupancy. So just to clarify, are you saying in Q4 that's where we're going to start to see it's going to be down about 120 year-over-year. That's the first part. And the second part is, I think Don mentioned possibly accelerating this and recapturing being more practical recapturing some other boxes. So if we're thinking about 2016, if you got the 120 dip for those two tenants should we expect more on top of that.
Jim Taylor: Yes. Thank you. In fact of the fourth quarter that dip could be as low as 150 or as high as 150 basis points of occupancy based on some of the other boxes that we're getting after. So as we look forward and as I mentioned and put it in context, we are seeing substantially more downtime and lag in the coming year associated with this targeted recapture and taking over the space.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. And then going to Pallas, the apartments, I think you said stabilized in the fourth quarter, you mentioned breakeven to occupancy. What exactly is a breakeven occupancy at what level and do you think you'll open there.
Jim Taylor: Our breakeven occupancy there is going to be 40% to 50% range somewhere in there we begin to cover the operating cost. It depends of course on the mix of units that are in that 40% to 50%. We expect to be there towards the end of the first quarter early second quarter. So my comment is meant to point out that early in the year that building will be dragging from an NOI perspective. As Don mentioned, we are on target in terms of our pro forma rents. And as we deliver units we're seeing good appetite. But with this building we're delivering units as we go up the building. And it's the pace of construction more than anything else dictating that timing.
Michael Mueller: Got it. And one last one here. For 2016 guidance what's assumed for equity raise?
Jim Taylor: We expect to raise probably about $150 million for the year.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. That was it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Jason White with Green Street Advisors. Your line is now open.
Jason White: Hey, how you are doing? Just a couple of quick questions. The first part as you look at the anchor boxes, you are taking down and remerchandising, what portion of those do expect over the next year to be once that is kind of come back to you that you didn't really seek out, and then how much that's proactive? And then, I guess, the second part of that is, why now on the proactive front is this what you feel like is kind of the peak leasing season over the cycle or is it just now it's good as time as any?
Don Wood: Jason, let me take the last part first, and yes, there is no doubt, look this for 2009 or 2010 the approach would be a different approach. And it would be about maintaining that income stream the best we can. When we look at 2016, it's not only that we feel strong. I'm going to ask Weilminster to comment on this, when I'm done. But it's not only that we expected to be -- to remain strong in terms of demand exceeding supply on the particular location and in the particular boxes that we're talking about. But we have other ways to grow the company. And so on balance, I mean I'm not sure how many of the competitors are out there are going to grow at 7% next year or certainly 7% this year, 7% next year, 7% two years ago more. I mean it's probably 25% over the last three years something like that. I don't know how many competitors have that and I do think that's because of all of the tools we have. So when you take the other ways we have to grow coupled with what we believe about the particular anchor boxes that we are purposely trying to upgrade the tenancy on and upgrade the shopping centers on, this seems like the right time to do it aggressively. And by the way, we are paying more G&A for more individuals who have smaller portfolios from which to create value and so that better half more aggressive management of those particular acre boxes. It all works together at this particular time. That is our bet.
Jason White: Okay. So on the first part what's the breakdown of -- as you look over the next 12 to 18 months, is it, most of these came back to you because the retailer is underperforming, or is there a larger chunk that you are proactively seeking. Could you give us a couple of examples but just in terms of magnitude?
Don Wood: Yes. On the anchor stuff it's by far mostly stuff that we are proactively going after. It is the A&P. It is the LA Fitness. Some of those smaller stuff which is included in there, Hudson Trail which is a local or a regional sporting goods company going bankrupt is, we wouldn't have aggressively wanted it back. Now it opens up some good things, but we wouldn't have aggressively wanted it back. The same with City Sports, which is in both Bethesda and Pike & Rose. We wouldn't have chosen this timing. But we get it. Because we're in the right locations we still think it will be a good thing, but it's a lot on top of those anchor boxes that are primarily proactively aimed for.
Jason White: Okay. Then when you look at Pike & Rose, yields have gone from 8 to 9 to 7 to 8, down to 7 and I think that's largely because of some rent from the first part, and then, some apartment rents and then some cost overruns. Is this just a pretty typical of complex mix used or would you say these are more one-off related to Pike & Rose that shouldn't be kind of extrapolated across many of your mixed-use projects going forward.
DonWood: I would not. I think when you specifically look at Pike & Rose, Pike & Rose in the first phase is largely residential. When you are talking about largely residential, you are talking about 12 month leases. And we had a Board meeting down in Miami yesterday and I was talking to the Board about this. The reality is that, and I don't mean to say this in a cavalier way, I don't mean to come across that way, but so what. To the extent we missed the rent in a 12 month lease on a residential product to start because of more supply in the market because of whatever economic conditions that there are 12 months from then we'll have another chance, 12 months from then, we will have another chance since that. And they would have been no different investment decision made. It takes a seven years from beginning to end to do this. You are never going to get. Sometimes you get lucky and you are in the peak of the part of cycle where the residential rents are higher sometimes the opposite. But you wouldn't have made a different decision. In terms of the cost, I feel differently about that. I mean we've got cost overruns on that high-rise in particular that I wish we didn't have. That is value that is gone. So it is a different type of thing. I think that's a mixed-use thing? No. I don't. I think that's a screw up on that particular design and implementation and construction project. So I wouldn't take that and extrapolate that all along. When you are talking about retail deals we're dealing with much longer term leases into that office, you are certainly talking about longer-term leases. So I view them a little differently.
Jason White: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan with Canaccord. Your line is now open.
Paul Morgan: Hi. What's your total dollar value invested in redevelopment next year and your funding mechanisms for that you mentioned $150 million in the ATM but how far do you think in terms of your redevelopment cost?
Jim Taylor: Our total spend is going to be approximately $400 million of development and redevelopment. Of that probably $50 million to $60 million are spend during the year is going to be pure tactical redevelopment. And from a funding standpoint, we do expect to be issuing about $150 million of equity. We will potentially have some asset sales as Don alluded to and then as always free cash flow to fund that.
Paul Morgan: Okay. Great. And then just a little bit more macro, I mean can you talk about, how you are seeing the supermarket business at the moment. I mean there's been a lot of news over the past quarter between the bankruptcies and whether it's Walmart on one end or Whole Foods on the other. And maybe then kind of more narrowly as you look at things like the A&P spaces, do those necessarily go in the supermarket direction or could there be other uses as you look at really the anchor space or doing something similar to redevelopment there?
Don Wood: It's a good question Paul. And Chris, I'd like you to chime in on this start. Let's start on the macro question with -- what you see in the supermarket business.
Chris Weilminster: Yes. We're seeing for our -- again, I think about our portfolio and then look more macro on a macro basis there is certain -- there is demand. We are seeing it certainly in our assets and I think there are some of larger companies that are out there whether it's -- looking at a small store concept to get more urban located it, whether it's Kroger trying to figure out a way to grow its [indiscernible] footprint, differentiate its brands a little bit more or Whole Foods working on the 365. There's a lot of focus on these brands and/or the company is figuring out different platforms to grow. And so when you then think about that to what it means to Federal, when you look at our high-quality of assets surrounded by the best-in-class demographics, they very much have an interest in it. So the three locations, the A&P's that we have there, there is interest from groceries and all of those locations. In addition to that there is interest with other players that are out there. We talk to at the Investor Day about the soft goods categories looking for growth whether that's Macy's, Nordstrom Rack, HBC, Saks OFF 5TH concepts. We have demand in some of the category killers that are out there, the pet categories, the shoe categories, the cosmetic categories. All of these players are looking for growth opportunities. And with the limited amount of new supply that has entered the market, opportunistically with the great piece of real estate, Federal Realty certainly takes advantage of that demand that is out there. So we're clearly -- you may see some groceries backfilling some of the portions of what those A&P boxes were, but we're looking at all opportunities unfortunately for us we've got the demand from different categories. Don, you want to take it from there?
Don Wood: Yes. Paul I wanted to say something more macro to you. First of all, and that is, there is not a retail category. And certainly grocers are not exempted from this. That isn't trying to figure out who they are going to be, how they are going to service. How they're going to improve their investment pieces over the next 5 to 7 years. Every category is impacted. And grocers are no different. It's funny. It's why a long time ago, I just did not want to be seen as a grocery anchored shopping center company. The idea of being opened, when you listen to Chris Weilminster's speech, you can tell that his view of the retail world is not grocery centric. And as that business is struggling in parts of it, just like women's fashion is struggling, just like hard goods are trying to figure themselves out, just like banks are trying to figure out how to reach retail customers. Every industry the grocery business too. It does come down to having the right place where demand will exceed supply into the extent that demand can be beyond grocers go better. Having said that, it's real clear to us that particularly in at least two of the four and probably more of the A&P boxes they are great grocery locations. So we do believe there will be negotiations with better grocers for those boxes. In addition, as Chris says a wider plethora of retailers.
Paul Morgan: Great. Thanks. That was helpful. Just real quick, is there anything in the acquisition pipeline that you can see closing by year end?
Jim Taylor: Not by year end. No.
Paul Morgan: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Vincent Chao: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just sticking with the A&P's, I know you gave the average in place rents on those $11.64, just curious what the order of magnitude is on the mark-to-market, do you think?
Jim Taylor: I said Vince, somewhere like 25% to 30%, maybe more.
Vincent Chao: Okay. Sorry, I missed that.
Jim Taylor: That's okay. That's fine. I mean let me be really clear. The capital necessary to not only get those boxes but to absorb the downtime and put in the rest of the shopping centers as compared with the incremental rent not just from that box but including that box and everywhere else in that shopping center is the math we're doing to figure out what kind of IRR and value creation we're making at those shopping centers. There will be a time whenever you want to go in the next year or so I'm going to take you to Brick Township, Brick Plaza, in Brick Township, New Jersey and you'll see exactly what I'm talking about if you're only looking at those four walls you're missing the point.
Vincent Chao: Right. No, that makes sense. Just on the -- to do just get outbid on that one?
Don Wood: On the fourth one, we did. We thought we put up a decent number and we were blown out of the water by another grocery operator.
Vincent Chao: Got it. Got it.
Chris Weilminster: I'm sorry. I just wanted to make one point, I'm sorry, I'm not in the room with Don, but I think one thing is important about these A&P leases with Brick, Melville and Troy that everybody should understand and Don is touching on it. But we inherited those leases those weren't leases that we had and they were very much encumbered with restrictions on other categories and other uses that we know demand exists. So I just want to make sure that in addition everything Don is talking about that you guys understand that this does unlever our ability to go after categories that we were not able to do and when we renegotiate leases or when we find replacement tenants we will maintain that flexibility as well as hopefully future out parcel development. I think it's really important, so it was not only getting it back to control end density of the space, but it really does from a leasing standpoint unlever our ability to really add value with more relevant retail which is what we need to stay connected with our communities.
Vincent Chao: Yes. That makes sense. Just maybe one last question. For Jim, just I know you've talked about sort of the difficulty in projecting out earnings given the amount of development that's going on and sort of the timing of all of that. And certainly that can shift to here and there. But I was just curious that guidance range that you provided is pretty tight. I think it's only about 1% spread at the midpoint. Just curious what gives you the confidence to have it so tight given the --
Jim Taylor: You are making me nervous.
Don Wood: Vince, I'm curious too.
Jim Taylor: We feel pretty good that we're going to end up in that range, but you make an important point. And I think it goes to the reputation that some of you have alluded to about our being conservative in our forecast. We have a range for a reason. And a lot of the things that in part volatility as it relates to quarterly number what we'll be seeing next year, we are very positive about all of the activity that can generate that, but it certainly can move things around in the year. But we feel comfortable with that range, albeit I'm sure that a lot of you are going to go right to the top of the range and we provide a range for a reason. And so that's what it is.
Vincent Chao: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Brittany Schmelz, for any closing remarks.
Brittany Schmelz: Thank you, everyone, for joining us. We look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT later this month. As we mentioned, if you're not already done so please do feel free to reach out to reserve one of the remaining slots in our meeting schedule. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference, this does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great today.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brittany Schmelz  Investor Relations Don Wood  Chief Executive Officer Jim Taylor  Chief Financial Officer Jeff Berkes  Chief Investment Officer Dawn Becker  Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Christy McElroy  Citi Jason White  Green Street Advisor Craig Schmidt  Bank of America Haendel St. Juste  Morgan Stanley Omotayo Okusanya  Jefferies Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O'Neill Michael Mueller  J.P. Morgan George Auerbach  Credit Suisse Jeremy Metz  UBS Chris Lucas  Capital One Securities Greg Schweitzer  Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for your patience. Youve joined the Federal Realty Investment Trust Q2 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference maybe recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to our conference host, Ms. Brittany Schmelz. Maam, you may begin.
Brittany Schmelz: Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood; Jim Taylor; Dawn Becker; Jeff Berkes; Chris Weilminster; and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Certain matters discussed in this call may deem to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although, Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions. Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K, and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. These documents are available on our website at www.federalrealty.com. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our second quarter 2015 results. Don?
Don Wood: Well, thank you, Brittany Schmelz, and good morning, everyone. Its a pleasure to be able to report you today weve had a very strong quarter for Federal all the way around our business. Strong FFO growth, strong same-store growth, strong lease rollover, strong occupancy, strong development deliveries and more acquisitions in Greater Miami. Also mentioned an 8% dividend raised may $0.07 a quarter to 94, the 48th consecutive year of increased dividends, great quarter. Now lets start with earnings. FFO per share were $1.33 excluding of course prepayment premium this year and the retirement of $200 million of senior notes, was 8% higher than the $1.23 earned in last years quarter as the first phase of the development project begin to contribute and the core continues to power along. I single out higher and anticipated percentage rent at Assembly Row, a nice residential rent growth San Antonio Row especially encouraging. Its really good news, because thats weve discussed previously we are very consciously investing in our team with higher long-term incentives in people bench strength to be sure or assure as we can that we are well prepared to execute and deliver on a business plan and doubling NOI in the next decade, hence part of the reason for the G&A increase in the quarter. Its a very balanced approach toward growing our business and its not a quarter-by-quarter business plan. On the leasing side, nearly 300,000 feet, our comparable deals were executed in the quarter, at average rent of $30.41, 15% above the 26, 36, the prior tenant was paying. Leasing strength was broad with both new deals and renewals registering double-digit growth within all three operating platforms of our company West Coast the core and the mixed use portfolios. As an example, we are thrilled to do our first deal with Macy's in the form of their first Macy's Backstage retail stores. Their value based concept opening this month at our Melville shopping center [indiscernible]. In addition we saw strong renewals at newly acquired San Antonio Center in Mountain View, California and thats a Village of Shirlington in Arlington, Virginia in the health club and theater categories. Both come with significant upgrades to their facilities a clear trend that we're seeing in the theater business in particular as compensation from newer more service oriented companies gain traction. Same-store growth in the quarter was strong at 3% that out the impact of redevelopments and 4.8% with lease termination fees are comparable in both periods. The redevelopment impact really benefited from a great job in Mercer Mall in New Jersey [indiscernible] all opened and this more to come. For an asset pictures in Mercer Mall really reflect the quarterly development competency. Its a transformed asset. Well on enrichment and similarly on its way to transformation to a for more relevant retail side. Occupancy jumps in the quarter to 94.9%, well, the percentage lease claims of 95.7%. Both up a bit compared with last year and the first quarter on a strong leasing momentum. As you can see, this was a really strong operating quarter. Now lets move on report some development news. First in Somerville, Assembly Row continues to mature beautifully with most restaurants and retailers meeting or exceeding their first year projections. Weve clearly struck the chord in the community and are providing a need that wasnt being met. Percentage rent is above our expectations and the office building is basically fully spoken for with virtually all available space occupied or undersigned leased or LOI. The partners construction is right on or maybe ahead of schedule and occupancy by partners employees expected to begin next summer. That building is huge and really does wonders adding scale and perspective to the entire site, check it out on any trip to Boston, its impressive. Our own construction on Phase II is just now getting underway and will start to deliver in 2017. Future of the Assembly Row section of Somerville is extremely bright and there will be incremental investment opportunities here for at least the next six or seven years as we fully build out. 400 miles south is Pike & Rose in North Bethesda, Maryland and there too lots of construction, lots of progress to report. Lets start with the residential lease commencement at the Pallas high-rise build. 36 leases signed, 11% of the building in the first couple of months at rents at or above our pro forma with the first step thats moving underway. I think I just start. The new parking garage will open next month as scheduled and provide an additional 550 plus surely needed spaces. Virtually all available office space in the first space is now either occupied or undersigned leased or LOI more pronounce. At the second phase gets underway, we have signed leases or LOIs with some great anchors early in the process that should give you a feel for the direction were going. Pinstripes the 30,000-square-foot bowling and entertainment concept will anchor the industry. REI we relocate from a mile way to anchor Rockville Pike and newly formed Rose Avenue in 38,000 square feet. And were closed to a deal with H&M to take 25,000 feet onto levels at one of the best corners in the project. Playing more leasing and have worked with some terrific names we begin construction on the second phase that is so necessary to create the critical-mass at this site needs. Deliveries and store openings in this phase begin in 2017. Frankly, I cant wait to show the project off a bit at our plan Investor Day there on September 30. I hope most of you are planning to attend. Well there will still be plenty of construction on the interior upper floors of Pallas along with some exterior trim to finish up, aforementioned the second phase which will be well underway at that point. It wont be hard to see why were so bullish about the very significant value being created here now and well into the future. Meanwhile, on the West Coast, the first dozen or so tenants open last week at the point, to capacity perhaps. The point being our 150,000 square foot addition to the Plaza El Segundo shopping complex in El Segundo, California. Thank you by the way the West Coast folks on the phone who e-mailed over the weekend with kind words after visiting the point, it really means a lot. 80% of that space is leased, are fully executed  are in the fully executed NOI. And we will be opening tenants throughout the rest of the summer and fall and what we know will be a favorite gathering at shopping destination for the areas underserved communities like Manhattan, Hermosa and Redondo Beach. Tenants like True Food Kitchen, Lucky Jeans, Madewell, Athleta, Mendocino Farms, and SoulCycle, all around a really large and attractive park like public space to give you the feel of what we were creating here. Significant value creations day one that will get better and better for years to come. And perhaps the newest thing to talk about in this call is our well study commitment to South Miami. We reported on the CocoWalk acquisition with our local partner Gras River, on last quarters call, and since that time we have closed on several Coconut Groves street retail building and closed proximity to CocoWalk in order to make our presence more intact. In addition, weve locked up a larger retail in mixed-use projects just a few miles away also with local partners Grass River with due diligence largely complete and a closing data expected in the new few weeks. Jim will talk more about that to the extent we can in his remarks. My point of talking about is this. We have gone from a non-player in South Miami a few months ago to a very significant landlord controlling hundreds of thousands of square feet in six months time. Roughly $200 million of initial acquisition capital had a tight reasonable yield at first, 5% plus. While we worked hard to figure out a significant repositioning and redevelopment plan that could hopefully allow us to deploy as much as an additional $150 million to $250 million in those assets over the next five years in effect a yielding land time. I am hopeful, confident that our work and our experience on the life of Bethesda Row, Assembly Row, Pike & Rose, Santana Row, and the point so many smaller examples over the past 20 years put us in an unique position to be able to do just that. What if not  we still have great real estate and a very protected downtime. As you can see, there is a lot going on [indiscernible] of our business plan. We remain on track, double our income in the next decade as we have talked about many times in the past couple of years, so far so good. Let me now turn it over to Jim Taylor for additional guidance and explanation and then well open up the lines to your question.
Jim Taylor: Thank you, Don and good morning everyone. As Don highlighted in his remarks, our results this quarter not only set a new record for the Trust in terms of FFO per share, they further demonstrate the continued successful execution of our long-term plan. A plan that drove the 48th consecutive annual increase in our dividend of 8%. I will provide some additional color on our quarterly results, our balance sheet activity, acquisition and our outlook for the balance of the year. Overall property operating income grew at 9.2% year-over-year. As usual the largest single driver of that growth is our operating portfolio which grew at 4.8% on a same-store basis including re-development and 3% excluding. Cash really expressed this quarter at 15% on deals will take occupancy in the future, we believe that we remain on track to continue to deliver sustainable growth. Importantly as highlighted in our supplement, continue to successfully deliver on our re-development pipeline. As Don noted most notably this quarter stabilizing re-development in Melville and Mercer Mall. In addition, our initial phases of Pike & Rose and Assembly contributed approximately $3.5 million of DOI during the quarter. Finally, this quarter we benefited from the successful integration of our acquisition San Antonio Center in Mountain View, California as well as CocoWalk and Coconut Grove, Florida. As previously discussed, these assets are not only accretive in the near-term, it present compelling redevelopment opportunities given their infill location. Our G&A increased approximately $1.2 million year-over-year due primarily to transaction costs associated with the closing of CocoWalk as well as higher personnel cost, Don mentioned as we continue to invest in our platform for growth. As discussed last quarter even with this incremental investment in our platform, we expect our G&A to remain at about 5% of revenue. Interest expense grew slightly during the quarter due to lower cap interests as we deliver parts of the first phases of Assembly and Pike & Rose, which was offset by lower rates as we continue to bring down our weighted average interest rate, which today stands at about 4.3%. Bottom line FFO per share grew at 8.1% in line with our long-term plan at 7% to 9% even as we continue to invest in the future. As many of you have heard us to say at the conferences and one on one meeting, we could generate higher absolute for us, where we would scale back on that investment and perhaps lever up and then, but that is a cyclical plan only. A track record that is older than many of us on this call, guides our relentless focus on predicable sustainable growth. Turning to the balance sheet early in the quarter, weve redeemed $200 million of our 2017 6.2% notes with the proceeds of a third year debt issuance of 4.18%. Importantly, we extended our weighted average tenure to 10 year, which as we look forward provides us with maximum flexibility to access most opportunistic part of the yield curve. Longer sure and still retain the longest weighted average tenure in the shopping centers fact. At quarter end, we had approximately $100 million drawn under our revolver, leading us to more than enough liquidity to fund the growth we have underway. On the acquisition front, we successfully integrated the CocoWalk asset during the quarter have identified near term upside while we execute on our longer-term plan to the asset. In addition, we closed on the acquisition of interest in seven retail assets running the primary shopping streets within the growth, providing us additional opportunity capitalize on the positive runner rate trends within the research in Grove District. Finally, as Don mentioned, we placed another approximately $110 million assets, under contract within the broader trade area, which like CocoWalk benefits from a phenomenal infill location and also presents an opportunity to create significant value through developments to serve the Avalon and thats population that surrounded. More to come on that asset soon. With our strategic focus on this Miami-Dade market and our partnership with local sharpshooter, Grass River, Comras, we  as Don mentioned we have built the substantial market presence within a short period of time. We couldnt be more excited about this market and how well benefit our overall portfolios through inevitable cycles. Now turning to guidance for 2015, we have tightened an increase the mid-point of our previously provided range to 529 to 533 or 7.5% growth year-over-year at the mid-point. This updated guidance generally reflects the strength of our opening at Assembly Row, whereas Don mentioned, many of our tenants are now paying additional percentage rent, as well importantly is continue to strengthen our core our team has been doing and an excellent job managing rollover and leasing additional space. We expect to continue to see robust capital over growth for the balance of the year, well above historical average. While we will also see some lag in the same-store NOI the second half of 2015 due to tenant rollover and higher term fees that we realized last year. Even with these timing issues, we expect same-store NOI to average 3.5% to 4% including redevelopment for the entire year. Some of the larger timing assumption that have been factored into our guidance and that will impact the balance for this year as well as 2016 approximately $80 million of office space, Pike & Rose and Assembly, that is being delivered this year. We now have leases in NOI and over 95% of that space. Based on the deals and the place, we expect these tenants take occupancy through mid-2016 and based on free rent period to be fully paying rent in 2017. The retail and Assembly Row at 97% lease to 95% occupied as of the end of the second quarter, with the last few tenants taking occupancy in the later part of this year. The retail is fully leased to Pike & Rose is over 90% of the space now open, including iPic, Del Frisco's, Summer House, City Sport and Sport & Health. The balance of this retail space will continue to open over the next six months. Pallas, the 319 unit high-rise, which represents approximately $110 million of investment as open, it is expected to lease up over the next 18 months. Given that timing, we expect it to be a drag down NOI this year and early next as it reaches the stabilization at the end of 2016. And finally from a timing perspective, the point redevelopment of Pallas House condo, which represents approximately $85 million of investment open last week, extremely well and it project stabilized through mid-2016. Again, as we look forward, we remain confident our plan to continue to generate 79% growth, even as we invest for the long-term on both sides of our balance sheet. While we have not provided guidance for 2016, which well do next quarter, we would nonetheless expect to remain in that range. Finally, we all look forward to seeing you at our Investor Day on September 3. We expect to show up our first days Pike & Rose, which will now be a  and also just two are the best row and show the opportunities for additional investment and one of our first mix these properties. We also provide both to the opportunity meet our broader management team responsible for the execution of our plan, as well as meet members of our Board of Directors. With that, operator I would like to turn the call over to questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Christy McElroy of Citi. Your line is open.
Christy McElroy: Hey, good morning, guys. Just with regard to the point, can you discuss sort of your objective in merchandising the retail and the restaurants and release and supply also going to next store and the other retail in the area and in sort of thinking about it as an addition to the Pallas, have you figured out a way to more seamlessly join the two asset to encourage that cross hopping I know there was an issue with the train tracks between them.
Don Wood: [indiscernible] questions, Christy. Hey, Jeff, you are on the line, you want to take it?
Jeff Berkes: Yes, sure. Hey, Christy, how are you?
Christy McElroy: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Berkes: As you know from being out there that we have a sectional pass out, again they call the collection which is about 50,000 square feet of lifestyle, it does very, very well. So thinking about the merchandizing strategy for the point we wanted to build on that success and continue to fill on unmet need for additional Lifestyle retail in that trade area, which weve done and were doing. We have 25,000 square feet of restaurants space at the point with you that whole market is really underserved for better dining options and also for a collection of restaurants, meeting at some place kind of like Santana Row or you can come and park the car and meet your friends and figure out where youre going to once you get there, pretty much every other restaurant opportunity in that market is what I will call point and suite in your car, you go to the restaurant, again your car and you leave. So that was a real unmet need in the trade area and I think weve done a nice job of filling that. In terms of the connectivity, yes, the rail road tracks are never going away, but weve got a couple ideas we are working on with the city of El Segundo right now to make the connectivity better and I think well achieve those find years and work through everything with the city in the next few months and the connection between the collection in particular in the point more improved. Its not super pedestrian front but right now, but really its only a two or three minute walk from the front of the collection to the main its a boulevard enter point at the point. So its really not that bad but we can improve it.
Don Wood: I mean having said that, Christy, one thing I want to mention is, we argue about that and one of the things we argue about is, whether its necessary. And so, with any new project, we are learning, we will be learning a lot over the next few months. And Im personally not convinced that, its necessary to connect them at all. But well see other works out [indiscernible] as we do have some alternatives to do that if we need to.
Christy McElroy: Okay, and then just secondly, Don you mentioned the $110 million acquisition in part of that you have under contract, maybe you could tell us a little bit more about it, in terms of any value add opportunity thats related to that with widely marketed and is that acquisition currently in your 2015 guidance range?
Don Wood: Its not been guidance at all, and Im not going to specifically going into the asset, I will tell you this, we made a bet on South Miami. Basically as we thought about it Christy, the idea of, South American money, everything thats going on downtown, there is a lot of players that are trying to capture all that and then we think that will be successful. We didnt compete with that. This was an idea to say wait a minute. There is Miami is how has been clearly becoming more and more of a grown up city, more and more an important city worldwide, and its got a lot of people like, all those markets that were in, who live there, who do well living there and they need their place for those families and their lives. Thats what were doing, and still going to grow thats what we are doing in that whole area thats why we are making the incremental investment in total. So Im looking at CocoWalk, the Street Retail, this other asset which will be able to talk about and then fully in just a few weeks, certainly on next earnings call, to get an idea of the entire bet that were making, all of each of those assets is not expected to stay what they are, because they only work and so as figuring out, what kind of redevelopment plan, how we put that together, we will take time. Im looking forward to that, and the difference with us, and I love, is that in the meantime, why we figured out, we are making accretive acquisitions. So its more raw material in the  for the future of our business plan.
Christy McElroy: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from the line of Jason White, Green Street Advisor. Your line is open.
Jason White: Good morning, just a quick question on your recent acquisitions over the last two, three years. Seems like these has been minority partners and a lot of those probably just assumption of shaking the properties lease, just kind of walk through the pros and cons of having minority partners involved and those extra seats at the table make it difficult for them to achieve what you want to achieve on some of these properties?
Don Wood: Yes, Jason no question about it, all the balance  let me start by this, I am sure Jim will have and Jeff will have some to say that as you know every deal that we make is not part of a formula. Every deal that we make is part of a specific real estate transaction, where we think we can create the best value. We are talking here about South Miami, which is the most reasonable we can talk through here. There was no question that having a local partner, who truly knows better than we do. The specific ins and outs from dynamics of the marketplace, the leasing person who is involved with that partnership is the best in the marketplace. So we are getting additional expertise there in that particular case, we thought was real important to the whole risk award balance. Now clearly, by doing that weve got another seat at the table, clearly by doing that partnerships had complexity. On balance that one for us with the specific way that we want it to go and attack South Miami. As you go back a little bit, you look at Plaza El Segundo it was about shaking it out a little bit, it was about creating how we were going to get control of it.
Jim Taylor: And also Jason, we will bring in minority interest throughout the union transactions, as well, as we did at the Grove and Shrewsbury, where effectively we own and control the asset. But their ownership is reflected at the asset model. Yes, the key point to that to really understand is  look, we were never going to compromise on the locations that we are trying to get on the value creative part of the equation. And so to do that with the best real estate to the extent it makes sense we are going to look at it really closely and open our minds so whatever structure is necessary to get it done.
Jeff Berkes: The only thing Id add to what Don and Jim have said is when we are doing a partnership deal for tax reasons for the contributor in the case of boundary or otherwise in the case of something like Plaza El Segundo. The people are staying and really dont have day-to-day operational say and what goes on. So whether might be a little bit more reporting and little bit more communication here or there. Its not like we have to get approval to do, we need to do around the property.
Jason White: Thanks and then another one on  in terms of your realignment and kind of your restructuring at your  of your team. Does this increase the capacity to do other mixed use redevelopment, it sounds like [indiscernible] going to involve some extra time. How much broader tend to be in terms of tackling to this project?
Don Wood: Yes, Im hopeful it increases our capacity to do all sort of different steps. You know in the case of South Miami, those partners do have very good development expertise and local development expertise. So thats important, now, how much more capacity over weighted, what we are doing down, I dont. What were talking about is pretty aggressive. When you sit here think about  bringing in Jeff Mooallem or when you think about effectively dividing up the portfolio the way we have. We clearly are  the notion here is to bring in high level real estate talent. That so that we can get to, more of what is a pretty strong growing company. So the answer is yes here  to your questions. Its all partly  parts are look how were moving it forward as a period of time that everybody whether its a partner or a federal employee needs to understand whats going on around here and how to figure out, how to create that value. But Im very cautious on bringing in that kind of raw skills level and we confident well get there.
Jason White: Okay and then last one from me is just  as you look youre releasing spread. Is there any pockets of strength or weakness in the cost of portfolio, whether its geographic or property type, small shop centers is there anything its really driving or weighing on, I mean any of that releasing effort.
Jim Taylor: Yes, I still think, I mean its just in the market, a geographic market impact here. The West Coast and its really, really strong. Were also seeing strength in Boston, DC is little softer, but  but it is the combination that kind of create that  that overall result and then cut another way timing on particular, anchors or small shop tenants that are below market that we can get it. And we always seem to find some to be able to get through and I dont expect that change.
Jason White: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Your question please.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. The partial interest in the Seventh Street retail buildings in the Coconut Grove District, can you say what the percent of the investment is?
Jim Taylor: Craig, its ranges anywhere from 20% to 80% asset-by-asset, and I think whats important here is that, we have got a [indiscernible] position in these asset, which we believe we will accrete overtime. In each of these seven building are located or separate buildings are located on the primary shopping streets within the Grove. So in addition to the dominant position weve established with Coco, these building will allow us to leverage the street and benefit of what were doing in Coco around over time. So you should expect to see us make some additional investments in these particular assets overtime as well as potentially acquire other building in that submarket.
Craig Schmidt: Okay, I was just  youre answered is good. Its only to help facilitate the restructuring, youre also trying to take advantage of such sort of collateral improvement to the neighborhood?
Jim Taylor: Correct.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. And then the $150 million to $250 million, would that include an expansion, its sound like it would require some major physical restructuring.
Jim Taylor: Yes. It was  and its not just couple of other assets, that Im referring to, two and its frankly as the number out of the air at this point in time. But as we underwrite these things and figure out, what it is that we could do with them, yes, youre all right, that there would significant physical changes to the assets.
Craig Schmidt: But youre still thinking about focusing on that local consumer.
Jim Taylor: Very much, Sir.
Craig Schmidt: Great, Okay
Jim Taylor: Thats really what we see is the benefit of where we are and the opportunity [indiscernible] market in terms of an unreserved population.
Craig Schmidt: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey. Good morning.
Jim Taylor: Hi, Haendel.
Haendel St. Juste: So understanding your balance sheet philosophy of always having sufficient liquidities fund your business is accretively in avoid and attracted capital raises. Im curious given the strength of your balance sheet today with your lower roll leverage is very low floating rate. That is wondering, how you are thinking about incremental debt from here. It appeared about you have capacity thats [indiscernible] that and as we had into higher rate environment, that lower cost floating rate leverage could be a competitive advantage in acquisition precedes given the low yield environment. So just curious on your thought there.
Jim Taylor: I appreciate the question Haendel and with the recent debt activity that weve done. Weve significantly standard our tenure and its always [indiscernible] to on the call, that does give us flexibility as we go forward to layer and perhaps in floating rate that or place in different parts of the yield curve and still keep up  and a weighted average tenure that would be the longest in our sector. And I think from a long-term perspective having some footing right that is part of the balance sheet, albeit a conservative level 15% or so is a good long-term structure. But what weve been doing opportunistically really the last couple of years, just taking advantage of our rates have been and the flatness of the yield curve to get a very healthy Wells Fargo debt maturity profile.
Haendel St. Juste: Appreciate that. A question on tenure of conversation with central pillar is  understand that competition for high quality assets. Its pierced on the capital chasing a higher quality retail asset. But curious given the recent rate [indiscernible] thats changing the tenure conversations perhaps making more potential pillar willing to come to the table seeing anything notable on that front.
Jim Taylor: I dont think its changed at all, at this point sellers are pricing expectations and Jeff please comment as well. I do think we both at seen an additional level of activities that perhaps we didnt see in the prior 12 months, but again, its a very expensive environment and difficult to be successful and fully marketed transaction.
Jeff Berkes: Yes, Jim I [indiscernible] absolutely more people willing to talk and more people thinking about selling, but its a pricing market.
Haendel St. Juste: Got you, okay. And then last one here of some color on the [indiscernible] ramped up a bit to let see [indiscernible] square foot well above your low-single digit reset trend. Can you talk a bit about whats behind that is it quality space being leased specifically is coming to a reflection perhaps if you are having some
Jim Taylor: If not  yes, thanks Haendel. That is one particular transaction, Don mentioned the rollover of the space in Shirlington, its the theatre renewal, where we are investing some capital into a higher end maybe experience with the reserve seating and better dining options there that we think were really complement whats going on in Shirlington. So a bit of anomalies if you will, but great return on that incremental invested capital.
Haendel St. Juste: Can you share with that return was.
Jim Taylor: I not prepared to do that now just well above our typical returns.
Haendel St. Juste: Fair enough, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Omotayo Okusanya of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Omotayo Okusanya: Yes, good morning. Congrats on the quarter. I guess my question really is around developments and redevelopments, I mean its clear, there is a lot of opportunity within the portfolio to do a lot of that and kind of create the next Pike & Rose are create the next Assembly Row, but I guess what I'm still struggling with just how to give you full credit for that in you NAV. I'm hoping maybe you can give us maybe kind of a bit more of a roadmap of just how much kind of development, redevelopment you expect to do with the next few years? And what could likely come up next? I guess Pike 7 the next big one we should be watching or even if we can get some type of roadmap to kind of guidance to that.
Jim Taylor: Well, Omotayo I really appreciate the question and something that we talk a lot about in one-on-ones and other meetings. And we do intend to address a bit more fully at our Investor Day at the end of September. But look back at our plan, and I think, one of the things you can reliably expect us to execute upon is $250 million to $300 million plus a year of development spend that will be in these existing assets that we have in control today. And when we look at that long-term pipeline, its a pipeline that stretches well beyond ten years. So but to that more detailed question in terms of trying to get folks more granularity, we will do that at our Investor Day.
Omotayo Okusanya: All right. We will stay tuned then.
Don Wood: Hey, let me add one thing to that, I dont remember, I dont remember I should whether you were at assembly at our Investor Day two years ago.
Omotayo Okusanya: Yes, I was.
Don Wood: That the amount of thought and strategy and looking at opportunity to figure out whether we could make the comment that we could double our NOI in ten years and what it would take to do that, that wasnt just an investor presentation. There was a lot of work that went behind that and we are now two years into the ten and we are right on it and it certainly looks like at least for year three that well continue to that. And I dont  I would hope that you would see that all the way through. That all includes the number that Jim just talked to you about in terms of $150 million, $200 million a year it does include additional ideas about acquisitions like what we are talking about here in Miami. So if you kind of go back and look at that and I know thats online, right. Weve got that on website.
Jim Taylor: Yes.
Don Wood: To be able to see thats how were trying to run the company. Its really on a secret. Its really something that we are as best we can try and to run the company on. And yes, there are more specifics as specific phases and pieces get added on, but it gives a pretty good overall idea of what everybody Weilminster, and Berkes, and Taylor, and that would allow all of us are on. And I dont know thats all I would say, just look at that, because there is a lot of good data in that.
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Jim Taylor: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill. Your question please.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning.
Don Wood: Hi Al.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey how are you? Just a few questions here, the first is the pace that your acquisition activity in South Miami is pretty impressive. Especially you look at your other markets and it takes long time to get at individual assets. So is there something in particular going on like is there sort of a generational shift, down in that South Miami market where either people did own stuff a long time are getting towards retirement looking at selling or what sort of driving the sudden flurry of the deals that were seeing from you guys out of that one market.
Jeff Berkes: Ill tell you where I going that Alex, that is the benefit of a local partner. It is yes, all of these have effectively been sourced through that local partner. That local partner was somewhere along the way on each of those deals and back of the question from before thats  that is the one of the benefits, that offsets the more complexity and everything else so its there with it. So I think and again, well be able to talk about it more when we in a few weeks when do you see the second half. But these are marketing assets that are not necessarily marketed to the full extent and there is no question that having that local knowledge allows us to look at things with a more refined eye. So that in that case is the reason for that.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then Jim Taylor question in guidance the pending acquisition is not in there. But if we look at the balance sheet of your cash flow just $22 million at quarter end, then you guys bought back $150 million, and your line of credit is $106 million. So it sounds like there is a bond offering in the back half. Is that in your guidance or thats not in your guidance?
Jim Taylor: We do anticipate and I said in our guidance longer term debt issuance in the latter half of the year. But weve got the flexibility from a timing perspective, that if the market is not there or away. So but thats in our guidance.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Mueller of J.P. Morgan. Your question please.
Michael Mueller: Thanks. Hey Jim, when you were talking about leasing spreads, I think, you mentioned something about spreads in the second half of the year something along those lines being stronger or above average. And I was wondering if you can just give us a little more color on that.
Jim Taylor: Its from what we can see right now the leasing team continues to do a phenomenal job of rolling tenants and leasing space. So we expect that to be pretty strong. As Ive always said its hard to look at a particular quarter and see a trend. You really to need to look over several quarters and in fact with this company, over a decade of experience and you can see that we traditionally average in the mid teens. Earlier in the year we had a 8%, this quarter we had 15%, right. I certainly see strong signs that will continue to be at or above that historical average.
Don Wood: My teams are excited because there is a big three or four deals that are real good deals in the works that were moving along, because it helps themselves put that in the comment. So thats usually were it comes down to us. There is  it is our efforts on how go get at under market or underperforming tendency and make it better. And theres a few of things in the works that are good.
Michael Mueller: Got it, okay. That was it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Auerbach of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
George Auerbach: Thank and good morning. Jim Im sorry if I missed this but in the first phases of Pike & Rose and Assembly, how much NOI is being captured in the second quarter results from the $430 million or so of cost spend to date? And how much of the $430 million, has actually been delivered?
Jim Taylor: We had about, as I said in the remarks, about $3.5 million of NOI. If you look at Pike & Rose at this point roughly half of it in the first stage has been delivered, for a call that we still have the office investment, delivering, as well as Building 10 which is about a $110 of investment. Just now, beginning to deliver in leased-ups subsequent to the quarter. And that Assembly, we are probably about 70% delivered when you factor in the office which is still delivered.
Don Wood: Thank you. I mean its the small number compared to what is going be. Im there is big leg between as you know, cash out even delivery and make them generations for board.
George Auerbach: Yes  no just  that seems to be one of those themes of earnings season so far and retail especially is giving credit to companies have stabilized or delivered these big developments that will give you stabilized NOI in six months, nine months, twelve months so just wanted to clarify that. And Jim just 8% FFO growth on the new 2015 midpoint, gets you to kind of low 570 range. It sounds like X acquisition thats what people should expect next quarter?
Don Wood: Are you talking about 2016 are talking about 2015, Im sorry.
George Auerbach: Yes, for 2016.
Don Wood: Were not providing guidance there, what I have that is look George and this is important, we continue to invest in the long-term, were delivering developments like these Building 10 at Pike & Rose which initially drag NOI. So again as we look forward we feel very confident about our plan to continue to generate 7% to 9%.
George Auerbach: Great. Thank you.
Don Wood: Please try and now to get you out of ahead of George [indiscernible].
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz of UBS. Your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Hello.
Don Wood: Hey, Jeremy.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, good morning, guys. Sorry, I had a phone issue, a moment roster here. Just couple of quick ones, and I'm not sure if I missed this early in the call, but did you say how much capital at share was for the seven street retail assets in Miami.
Jim Taylor: Yes, it was just under $6 million.
Jeremy Metz: Okay.
Jim Taylor: All in terms of initial investment.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. And then just switching to asset sales you still have a handful assets you list as other similar to you heaps and streets, I was just wondering get those additional assets here given the strength in the market, or would it really be more of a timing thing with finding additional acquisitions at this point.
Dawn Becker: Its a combination of both Jeremy and I dont  nowhere where we can say is that you should expect a closing of a sale of one of those assets in the next few months, but I can tell you were looking at hard and the idea is always to try to balance it with our earnings growth, within acquisition and make its the most efficient transaction. So always on the list and you will see every year one or two.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. And then just one quick one for Jim, just in terms of capitalizing interest, can you just remind us how you think about capitalizing interest and then when do you stop is that delivery or stabilization.
Dawn Becker: We stop at delivery. So when that space is ready to be leased, we stop even if its not leased we stop capitalization.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Lucas of Capital One Securities. Your question please.
Chris Lucas: Good morning, everyone. One detail question, on the, I know it was referenced earlier. I guess, you cleaned up the ownership of Pike 7 with the [indiscernible] acquisition I guess does that imply timing or is it just an opportunity to go ahead and clean that up at this point.
Don Wood: Completely opportunistic in terms of when it was. And we wished we owned it all along its a vacant building on the hard corner of an important asset for us. So its certainly something that we should own, it was not for sale. And when that opportunity came we jump on, we dont play anymore.
Chris Lucas: Okay. And then, Jim, just trying to get a hand along the same-store pool as it relates to  its relationship to the overall operating portfolio at this point given the development deliveries. Can you give us a sense  to how much the same-store pool makes up for the quarter of the overall operating platform?
Jim Taylor: From an NOI perspective, its 95%.
Chris Lucas: Its still that large?
Jim Taylor: Yes.
Chris Lucas: Yes. And thats been pretty consistent I would assume over the last couple of quarters and assume it should stay relatively in that range over the next couple?
Jim Taylor: Yes. It should and again its an important point because when we look at, we look at our NOI, we included those assets. Its substantially all of our portfolios.
Don Wood: Yes, Chris, that is such an important. When you know that is not a GAAP measure as you know and therefore there is a lot of interpretation as to what  what same-store numbers means. So I just  Im really glad you said that because it is virtually all of our analog, lot of our analog.
Chris Lucas: Okay. Appreciate that. Thank you.
Jim Taylor: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Schweitzer of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Greg Schweitzer: Thanks good morning, everyone. As the lease gets going on the second multi-family at Pike & Rose. So I was wondering how the progress is stacks up so far. And [indiscernible] initial expectations?
Jim Taylor: I put a cover in my remarks Craig that  that building is called palace. It is the [indiscernible] that is what youre referring to, right?
Greg Schweitzer: Right.
Jim Taylor: Yes. We just opened it up for leasing at the end of June. We did 36 deals, at or open above or performance in those first deals, which is a really good start, its a good product. I mean its a really add some nice contrast to the first building that there  its more upper end and its obviously higher rise versus  stick bills and so that the initial start, were underway, good start.
Greg Schweitzer: Youre having to do anything extra or definitely in terms of marketing or anything like that  versus the first building|?
Don Wood: Not so far. Although I mean we are always looking at  innovative marketing ways. Weve got some full things that happen. But with respect to concessions, there are some that are market or less than market frankly so far. I hope that holds up, will see at the big building in an 18 process in order to get there. But the start at least has been  has been strong.
Greg Schweitzer: Okay, great, thanks and then just a quick one on guidance. Is there still some level of ATM issuance embedded in that for the rest of the year?
Don Wood: There is, thank you. You know we expect to another $70 million to $100 million for the balance of the year.
Greg Schweitzer: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Hau of SunTrust. Your question please.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. This is Steven. Just a quick one, going back to your CocoWalk asset, you thought a $6 million of buildings is this, if you had a free met this is the first earning of your land, square footage assemblies that around that area or it is kind of halfway through it just given that it seems like the lot more things can by around that neighborhood.
Don Wood: Well, Steve, but I will tell you, its not like with what weve done so far, plus what we are planning in the next few weeks is in planning in terms of critical math and that really is that always the first thing can you get critical math that to actually impact a market, its really hard to do. We  its not a good job of that, so this is a really good start in terms of landlord its not the first inning I mean its the fixed inning in terms of that, what we are it is in terms of redevelopment thought the first pitch hasnt been drawn.
Unidentified Analyst: Right. And I see like  elementary school waiting for the asset, is that something that yes, I would say its permanent resident or something that maybe you can do something with overtime.
Don Wood: That is a permanent resident.
Jim Taylor: Very permanent.
Don Wood: One of the attracted things about that sub market is that it has some of the very best schools in South Florida. So we get great day time traffic in addition to the office over $1 million square feet of office and that
Jim Taylor: And its a magnitude for the folks that we wanted to be at our place.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thats it from me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in queue. I like to turn the call back over to the conference host Brittany Schmelz. Maam?
Brittany Schmelz: Thank you all for joining us. As weve mentioned we will start to seeing [indiscernible] for additional details in the coming week.
Operator: Thank you, maam. That does conclude the program. Ladies and gentlemen, you may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brittany Schmelz - Investor Relations Don Wood - Chief Executive Officer Jim Taylor - Chief Financial Officer Dawn Becker - Chief Operating Officer Jeff Berkes - Chief Investment Officer Chris Weilminster - Executive Vice President, Real Estate and Leasing Melissa Solis - Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Jason White - Green Street Advisors Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Christy McElroy - Citi Jim Sullivan - Cowen Group Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan Haendel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley Vineet Khanna - Capital One Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Q1 2015 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Brittany Schmelz. Maam, you may begin.
Brittany Schmelz: Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood; Jim Taylor; Dawn Becker; Jeff Berkes; Chris Weilminster; and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Certain matters discussed in this call may deem to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although, Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions. Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations can be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K, and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. These documents are available on our website at www.federalrealty.com. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our first quarter 2015 results. Don?
Don Wood: Thanks, Brittany, and good morning, everyone. Well, we have got a lot to talk about on this call, this quarter with some acquisitions, dispositions and personal appointments, in addition a very robust development and operational updates. Jim will cover acquisitions, dispositions, balance sheet, some operations and earnings points, and I will try to cover the rest before opening up to questions. I dont think I have ever been as grateful for the arrival of spring -- a spring of this year. Snow removal expenses topped $10 million in the quarter, doubled what we forecast. And while the strength of our leases allows us to past-through over 85% of that costs, residential, office and some retail leases, along with vacancy, build from that recovery and accordingly our first quarter FFO per share were $1.26 was negatively impacted by over $0.02 a share, good year for Boston in particular. Other than the weather, the company continues to perform well and in line with our expectations and early anecdotal evidence suggest that cooked up Northern Eastern shoppers are more anxious than in most years to get out and shop and eat as spring has arrived. We are certainly seeing that at Assembly Row, okay, enough about snow. Rental income growth in the first quarter was strong at 9%, as the same-center growth of 3.6%, despite only $500,000 in lease termination fees this quarter versus $1.5 billion last year. Those fees are such an integral part of managing our business and we always include them in our same-store numbers, as we do with all financial impact to running the shopping centers. Sometime they benefit the comparisons, sometime they hurt it, we live with a new way. In terms of leasing it was a good quarter. We completed 86 deals, 75 of them for a quarter million square feet of comparable space at average rents of $37.50, 11% more than the $33.70 per foot, representing the last year in the former lease. Both leases with new tenants and renewals of existing tenants were profitable, and grew at 16% and 8%, respectively. The capital include in those new deals was consistent and in fact, a bit lower than last years first quarter, diverting much in line with the past couple of years, which I view very positively. California in general and Silicon Valley in particular continues to lead the market we do business in. In terms of leasing demand, exceeding supply and the product that we offer with Boston and New York Metro following closely behind, really strong. The other market we do business in, particularly, Washington DC are good, but are not exhibiting the same leasing power and strength that we are experiencing at west at this point in time. A few years back was just the opposite, reminding us how important the geographically diversified portfolio is, the business plan that provides us consistency and stability. Occupancy remains strong in the quarter with portfolio of 95.4% leased, just slightly up the 95.6% leased percentage at the end of the year and last years first quarter. On a same-center basis, we were 96% leased, up slightly from the end of the last year. All-in-all, these are very healthy times in our business. Let me move on now and report some development news. The early success of Assembly Row made a really clear to us that commercial and residential demand in and around the site wasnt satisfied with the first phase. Earlier this week, our investment community and then Board approved the next phase of Assembly Row. This newest phase will include an expansion of the retail street in the connection with the ground in the second floor retail in the Partners HealthCare building. All-in-all, the additional 167,000 feet of retail for the project, 447 row apartments, the Federal will build to manage 155 rooms with Tico tells to be owned in the partnership with New England based XSS Group, the deal is not done, but its awfully closed, and 117 for sale condominium sitting eight floors above the hotel. Excluding the condos, we have committed and appropriated up to $285 million for this phase and expect to yield an unlevered return of about 7% in the first full year of stabilization. Appropriated capital for the condos approximate $65 million, while we expect in lease-hold at net proceeds significantly above that cost, we are assuming breakeven in Phase II disclosed returns. Assembly Row continues to perform extremely well, but the only material portion of the first phase remaining to be leased is about half of 100,000 square foot office building. Assembly Row and the adjacent Assembly Square marketplace have really begun to solidify themselves as an important new shopping and entertainment district in the market, feels great. And when the second phase is completed in late 2017, early 2018, we will still have much more to exploit on this site. At Pike & Rose in North Bethesda, Maryland, you will see a fully leased and occupied residential building hold for sale. We only leased first phase retail components of the project, with openings continued through the -- continuing through the summer and an office component with Merrill Lynch and Bank of America moving in as we speak and otherwise being negotiated on the balance of the space. Well begin leasing the second residential building called Palace next month and the Phase II parking garage is well under construction and will alleviate limited parking pressures by September this year. Around that same time, construction begins on the next two building that will extend the main shopping street. We should have some pretty interesting retail leasing announcements over the next few quarters based on the interest that were seeing. Lots and lots happening at Pike & Rose. By 2017, well have over $510 million deployed on that site in nine buildings before selling 104 condos, that is, 340,000 feet of retail, 757 residential apartments, 104 condos, 80,000 feet of Merrill Lynch anchored office, a 177 room Canopy branded hotel and nearly 2,000 parking spaces. And like a family, well still have much more notably on the site. The point in El Segundo, California, will open up in late summer with additional tenant openings continuing through FFO and beyond. This intersection Sepulveda at Rosecrans with the addition of the point and considering the adjacent Plaza El Segundo shopping center that we control and operate has really become incredibly dominant and important to the beach communities. We expect it to become more so with the new centers open. At Santana, construction of the office building addressed as 500 Santana Row at the San Jose site continues on schedule and on budget. The continued strength of the Silicon Valley economy, the strong job growth and the growing reputation of Santana Row is very desirable office as it is very bullish about doing deals in the state-of-the-art building over its remaining construction period. In terms of our important search for a Senior Vice President of our core shopping center portfolio between Boston and Washington DC, were down with two final round candidates and expect to make a decision announcement within a couple of weeks, maybe sooner. Fortunately, I have been really impressed with the quality of the candidates we have seen, feel really good that the enhanced focus on the shopping center site of our business will be fruitful over the next few years. On the mixed-used side, you may have read that our very own home growing choice to lead the operational side of that side business, John Hendrickson, was wooed away by Ramco Gershenson to service their CLO. Until that process begin before, John was promoted to his latest role at Federal. I think the world of John. I wish much continued success. But this is the Federal Realty earnings call and as such Im thrilled to announce that Dawn Becker will assume the role of Executive Vice President Mixed-Use Operations in addition to her General Counsel responsibility. As I said on last quarters call, our company has grown significantly over the past several years in the bifurcation of core and mixed use necessary service each. Dawns skills and background, her relationship with the senior team partners and respect throughout this organization to make her perfectly suited to this role. Its a great ask. Weve got more to talk about in terms of our most recent Florida acquisition, future acquisition prospects and are egged from San Antonio, Texas along with balance sheet and earnings considerations. For those and other items, Ill turn it over now to Jim Taylor before opening up the line for your questions. Jim?
Jim Taylor: Thank you, Don, and good morning everyone. As Don covered in his remarks, this quarter has been an extremely productive one and a continued successful execution of our business plan. I will briefly touch upon some financial highlights, our balance sheet activity, acquisition, disposition transaction in our outlook for the balance of the year. Overall, property operating income grew at 6.9% year-over-year even with higher snow cost. As usual, same-store growth excluding redevelopment was the largest single driver of that growth at 3.7%. That same-store growth was driven primarily by rental rate increases both contractual and embedded ramp-ups and rollover versus occupancy. Redevelopment contributions from successfully delivered projects such as Hollywood, Misora, Santana Row and Westgate were largely offset by the down time as we redeveloped the asset such as East Bay Bridge, Quince Orchard in Maryland as well as with our lease term fees this year. Developments at Assembly and Pike & Rose contributed approximately 250 basis points of growth or approximately $2.5 million of POI. Finally, the benefit of the San Antonio Centre acquisition in California drove the balance of the growth. In sum, each of the elements of our long-term growth plan that we articulated over a year ago continued to deliver. G&A increased approximately $1.1 million year-over-year due primarily to transaction cost associated with the closing of San Antonio at the beginning of the quarter as well as slightly higher personnel cost as we build our platform for growth as Don just discussed. Even with that incremental investment on a run rate basis, we expect our G&A margin to trend below 5% as we drive topline growth and maintain strict discipline on expenses. Interest expense were a $1 million due to lower capped interests as we delivered approximately $300 million in development, offset by lower rates as we continued to bring down our weighted average costs as well. Bottom line, FFO grew about 7%, when you adjust for the impacts of higher sale and transaction costs. Again, this growth was achieved while we continue to invest in the long-term, Turning to the balance sheet. We successfully raised an additional $200 million of third year debt and an effective yield of 4.18%, a record in the REIT industry. We used the proceeds to redeem our 2017 6.2% notes, bringing our weighted average rate down to 4.4% and importantly, extending our average tenure to 10.5 years. Again, consistent with our long-term focus, we opportunistically executed upon historically low rates and a flat yield curve to capitalize our growth pans. At quarter end, we had approximately $175 million of cash with nothing drawn under our revolver, providing ample liquidity for growth. Speaking of growth. On the acquisition front, we were very pleased to announce earlier this week the closing of CocoWalk for $87.5 million. CocoWalk is a $200,000 square foot lifestyle center located in the heart of Coconut Grove, Florida. With the trade area boosting some of the best demographics in Miami-Dade County, the hit and vibrant street retailers in the center Grove District serves the most excellent year around communities of South Florida, including the Grove Coral Cables in South Miami. CocoWalk was acquired on an off-market basis from an outstate private company with no local presence. We partnered on the acquisition with local sharpshooters, Grass River Property and The Comras Company whose on-the-ground presence, operating and leasing expertise complements perfectly our national mixed-use and retail platforms. We expect to drive significant value creation of this prime location through redevelopment and remerchandising. Also, please stay tune, as we expect to capitalize another opportunities within this year around section of Miami-Dade County. On the disposition front, we successfully closed on the sale of Houston Street, following the end of the first quarter. We sold this for $46 million for a hi-fi cap rates, realizing a gain of $11 million on an asset where we saw limited feature growth. Finally, during the quarter, we successfully integrated the acquisition of San Antonio Center in Mountain View, a truly phenomenon off-market acquisition with tremendous upside in the heart of Silicon Valley. We are pleased that even in this competitive environment, weve been able to find attractive investment opportunities in these highly desirable costal markets. Turning to guidance. We maintained our range of $5.26 to $5.34 per share excluding the debt repayments. Let me offer against some insight on the factors that will influence where we end up in that range. Each of these factors Im about to discuss reflect careful decisions we continued to invest in long-term growth. First, the sale of Houston Street. As I mentioned on last quarters call, this sale will be approximately $0.025 dilutive to our original forecast. Second, Don mentioned, we incurred approximately $0.02 of snow removal costs beyond what we expected this year. Third, we expect the acquisition of CocoWalk to be neutral FFO this year given transaction costs. But we do expect it to contribute significantly following its repositioning and remerchandising. We are active on other acquisition opportunities and may incur additional transaction costs before we close anything. Fourth, we made a strategic decision to continue to invest in R&D as Don just put it, investing in people on our platforms so that we can responsibly scale into the pipeline of value creation we have underway. Again, I believe that we have most of this investment covered our numbers, the transitional costs and other one-time expenses could impact our numbers by absolute penny or two. Finally, on the investment side, we continue to aggressively pursue near-term tenant rollover and the related temporary decline in occupancy to create long-term value. This activity along with lower than usual lease term fees that we expect to realize versus the prior year will likely cost our same-store NOI to decelerate slightly in the second and third quarters. But we still expect to average 3% to 4% for the year. Turning again to larger timing assumption factored in our guidance, we expect to deliver approximately $375 million in developments and redevelopments this year. Some of the more significant deliveries include approximately $80 million of office space, Pike & Rose and Assembly, which is being delivered in the first half of this year. As I detailed last quarter, we have underwritten primarily 2016 rent starts to reflect lease-up timing as well as revised periods. The retail is fully leased in Pike & Rose as Don just mentioned, with 85% of the space now open, including iPic Theaters, Del Frisco's, Summer House, City Sport and Sport & Health. The balance of this retail space will continue to open as planned through 2015. Pallas, the 319 unit high-rise, which represents approximately $110 million of investment, is slated to open this summer, is expected to lease up over the following 18 months. Given that timing, we expect it to be a drag down violator this year and early next as it reaches the stabilization towards the end of 2016. We expect the planned redevelopment of Pallas House condo, which represents approximately $85 million of investment to open late summer and stabilize in 2016. From a capital standpoint, we expect to fund our approximately $250 million of development and redevelopment expenditures this year as well as any acquisitions through free cash flow, long-term debt, our ATM and our line of credit. As mentioned earlier, we remain opportunistic as it relates to interest rates and we always look for ways in this environment to term out our maturities and reduce our weighted average debt cost. In closing, we have a lot of great opportunities delivering now for the long term. We couldnt be more excited about how we continue to execute upon our plans, a plan that should reliably produce growth, 7% to 9% per year, growth largely driven by opportunities that we own and control today and moderated by our discipline to continue to invest in the long term. We look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT next month. And with that operator, I would like to turn it over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Jason White with Green Street Advisors. Your line is now open.
Jason White: Good morning.
Don Wood: Good morning, Jason.
Jason White: I was curious when youre looking at the new T-SOP at their Boston, what your expectations were for shopper traffic and how thats kind of trending now that you are open and things are rolling?
Don Wood: We are just talking about that, Jason. When you look at the orange line and I dont have numbers yet. I wish I did. We can get them in terms of who is coming off and who is coming on. When you think about it, while Phase I is open and the residential is open upstairs, traffic continues to build. Now within less than two years we are going to have 4700 employees, who are going to work everyday for foreigner healthcare and you will have the second phase opening. So I think you will see going from zero upper rents, thats pretty steady between now and the next few years. I mean, obviously, its a critical park to making that land a whole lot more valuable than it was before.
Jason White: Okay. And then on staying on Assembly, is Phase II retail going to include outlet type tenants as well, or is it going to have a different mix?
Don Wood: It is. Its going to be a continuation of what it is, thats working so well in the first phase.
Jason White: Okay. And then Pike and Assembly of some for sale condos, what are those bringing to property and why those that have just more apartments, I mean whats the analysis on why you put for sale in there versus the rent?
Don Wood: Well, first of all, they make money. I dont want it to be viewed as a subsidy if you will, its not subsidy at all. We evaluate the markets and we believe we are going to make money on them. Even though we are very conservative in the way we are disclosing them in the 8-K, but I will tell you when you look at the communities that we are building, they are on critical part. These are living communities. They are not Disneyland. They are not pretty picture on the front of the annual report. So its a half product in within the apartment product. Its not like we build the same buildings with the same consumer in mind or renter in mind, they are different products and this kind of row has showed us that in the best -- has the best example. Similarly, having some level of for sale, now we are public REIT and we are certainly all about a long-term interest rate. So we are not going to do a lot for sale units, but they have some of that product just like growing levels of apartment product is critical to making the whole community work as one.
Jason White: Great. Thanks, Don.
Don Wood: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Jeff Donnelly: Good morning. A question about the condos at Assembly Row. There is not a lot of comps in that immediate area and I was just curious if you had any I guess what call the numbers best way, you can thought about underwriting the sales prices there eight per unit or per square foot?
Don Wood: Yes. We do. We have. We have done a lot on and thinking about it. And I can tell you that conversations that weve had not only with Avalon and the renters and how many of those folks are asking for sale unit plus also with respect to partners and then coming in there and the kind of dearth of that type of product available outside of Boston. I mean, what we are building will be a far more of an urban condo product and when you look at the comps up there and I know they arent a lot of that math exactly. It sure feels like demand will significantly increase supply to 100 units or so. As specific conversation with Don Briggs, while you are up there Jeff, can give you a whole lot more. And well be talking a whole lot more as we get on the way. But the market research says, this is absolutely the right thing to do.
Jeff Donnelly: And Im just curious in broad strokes -- how do you think what the rents at Phase II both multifamily and retail or how will they compare the rents in Phase I, once youre sort of stabilizing through any kind of initial presence?
Don Wood: Well, listen, we will see right. Were going to push hard and lets talk about the retail, first. The single biggest and that well be pushing for harder in the second phase versus the first phase is more fixed rent less percentage. And that should be attainable based on the success of the first Phase. But overall, we would expect higher numbers, combined fixed plus percentage in the second phase then first phase and thats simply less risk because of the first phase they open. On the residential side, you can talk Avalon in their call stuff but boy, theyre really strong. The rents theyre getting are really strong. And the product that we were building is differentiated. Remember, they built two types of product, theyve got the AVA and the Avalon product in two separate buildings in Phase I. And so just like weve seen at Santana Row, and kind of what Ive just seeing adjacent, there has to be a balance of product type there and one of the buildings were building there on the residential side is high rise. So those views that will be a different product, those rents will be a bit higher, although were not underwriting them to be a bunch higher at all, with whatever Avalon is achieving today. So we feel like were underwriting it very reasonably. We feel like the product will be significantly bit differentiated. Do I expect there to be stabilization when you put a bunch of new product on the market. Do I expect there to see some rent pressure on the lease up, particularly with the Avalon side versus this, Id sure I do but your questions are right one. Upon stabilization, I think youre going to see clearly underserved residential market here with the street that is just killer. So Im going to say that.
Jeff Donnelly: If I could switch gears, I guess, first I want to congratulate Mr. Hendrickson on his decision to seek a warmer climate in Detroit. Im just curious on, I mean, last quarter you talked about creating a mixed use in core property roll. It seems like the impetus there was just sort of focused personnel on those specific area and so, no disrespect to Dawn but I guess, why double up her responsibility, she already had a lot on her plate with her existing role [indiscernible].
Jim Taylor: Thats so funny because you remember, she had the whole thing. It was clearly too much, right. She had mixed-use and the core, clearly too much particularly, when were bringing things like Assembly and Pike & Rose to fruition. So from her perspective, I dont think, of course. She is welcome to speak for her. This is far more manageable for her. And on the core side, I mean if you just think about it, Jeff, really as this stuff comes together, it clearly is hard to give each business the attention that each business needs when youre delivering large project like this. So having her work closely with Bridge, with Weilminster, with two deals that the team effectively, that is bringing mixed-use out, makes all the sense in the world to us and I think, youll see it when you see the core team that were putting together too.
Jeff Donnelly: And just last question, there have been a few assets or few markets, I should say, like San Antonio and maybe Chicago that have been. I think always on kind of the wholesale trends over the year, youre exiting San Antonio. I mean, now that youve got a more active acquisition pipeline, is that mean, you might be more after increase your dispositions?
Don Wood: Well, I dont know that its increasing dispositions. Listen, we look at this stuff very, very holistically with respect to the company. Now to the extent there is an asset or two or three and they are not a lot of them in this portfolio that underperformed. But to the extent there are, yeah, we are going to match them up with an acquisition. But, I think, if you took from those comments and went out and underwrote a bunch more dispositions, I think, Id be wrong. I dont think you should. I think again its a one-off as occasions change. Weve talked about Chicago forever performing pretty now well for us.
Jeff Donnelly: Okay. Thanks.
Don Wood: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. I wonder what the current occupancy of CocoWalk is? And how long do you think its going to take before your impact on leasing is going to be felt on the project?
Don Wood: Thanks for the question, Craig. As it relates to occupancy, we are approaching 80% there and the asset clearly has lagged behind, the great resurgent that is happening there in the Grove District, centre district of the Grove with rent on the streets significantly exceeding whats there in the property. My point of view is that with Chris Weilminster and Michael Comras, our local partner that we are going to be getting after in the next 12 to 18 months, pretty meaningful changes in that tendency, which has lagged and reflects a little bit more of a mix that might serve tourism than really the local community. So we think there is a tremendous opportunity there for us to get after soon.
Jim Taylor: Craig, look for a two, three, four years, thats what for me.
Craig Schmidt: And then what do you think your yield will be on the project after that stabilization?
Don Wood: We expect that yields were coming in the low to mid 5s and we expect that yield to be somewhere between 250 higher than that when we stabilize.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is now open.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hello. Good morning. And Don congrats on the new position. Hopefully well see an increase in comp in the coming year for you?
Don Wood: Lets hope, Alex, thank you very much.
Jim Taylor: Yeah. Thanks, Al.
Alexander Goldfarb: Jim, you as well, listen, Don does a lot and shes obviously an integral part, so just like to see good people rewarded.
Don Wood: Did you have a question Alex today?
Alexander Goldfarb: Just a few questions here, one, I dont know if you commented on Assembly 2 with the condos? Are you planning on selling those yourself or are you going to build them and then sell them in both to a condo seller?
Don Wood: No. We will sell them ourselves with and when I say ourselves, we have a condo seller with us. But we will not effectively pre-sale them to the condo seller.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Okay. And then as far as, Jim on the -- you mentioned a number of items transaction expense. Obviously, theres a prepay and then you reiterated guidance with the -- ex the prepaid charge. So just curious, are you guys planning to switch to a core FFO number or you will report a reported FFO number on a go-forward basis?
Jim Taylor: We are following NAREITs definition of FFO. Our guidance really is intended to exclude the debt repayments, really Jeff -- or excuse me, Alex, to avoid confusion.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then finally, Don, as you guys are more active on the acquisition side, are you finding it harder or easier to source privately on deals meaning that -- are the private owners looking at these cap rates and going wow, this is great? Or they increasingly looking at values going where else can I replicate my income streams, so I am sort of more likely to not sell product today just because I can't find anywhere to reinvest?
Don Wood: Ill -- let me say one thing, Alex and then Jeff is on the phone as is Jimmy, so they can add to it. We have never been able to kind of give you broad comments like that and say, this is what private owners are thinking and this is what public owners are thinking, et cetera. If you look at of CocoWalk and hopefully, over the next couple of few months youll see additional stuff that we are talking about here. You will kind of see and certainly, when you look back and you see San Antonio Centre, these are one-off decisions made by investors both private and public who have all sorts of different reasons for doing what they are doing. I dont -- when you look, weve done a $1 billion worth of acquisitions in the last few years. Its not like we haven't done a lot, we do bigger ones. And in every case, there is a different set of situations. So, I don't see that changing. I don't feel like that's changing right now. Jim or Jeff, anything on that?
Jeff Berkes: Don. I think you hit the nail on the head. I mean, Alex, maybe a broad comment like that works for more commodity product. But given where we want to be and the type of the property we want to buy really is an individual decision, particularly with the private owners on every deal. And the reasons are many and whats happened here respective of whats going on in the capital markets.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Jeff. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy with Citi. Your line is now open.
Christy McElroy: Hi. Good morning, guys. Just for Jim, a couple modeling questions on the transactions thus far. You had, I think a couple of $100,000 of acquisition-costs related to CocoWalk in Q1. What are you expecting acquisition costs to be in Q2 and then what was the cap rate on Houston Street?
Jim Taylor: The expected total acquisitions cost Q1 and Q2 for CocoWalk will be about a penny. And the cap rate on Houston Street was in the high 5s.
Christy McElroy: And then do you have any additional acquisition or dispositions under contract or close at this point that you are working on negotiations?
Jim Taylor: We do, so stay tuned.
Christy McElroy: Okay. Got it. So just on refinancings and with regards to the early redemption of the 2017 notes, how do you sort of think about sort of the cost of redeeming and will you take the charge for next quarter or this quarter versus sort of the opportunity cost in weighting and would you consider bringing anything else forward?
Jim Taylor: Well. Weve significantly turned down our existing maturities. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our weighted average churn now is over 10 years. And really the way we look at it is on an NAV or NTB basis in terms of how far would rate past the move for us to break even for paying it today. And as we looked at the decision to refi given where rates where we saw about a 30 to 40 basis point moved paying for it on a breakeven basis. And since weve done it, were already effectively in the money. So thats how we think about that.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then with regards to the mortgage is coming during November, can you remind us your plan?
Jim Taylor: Well, we have the opportunity to prepay those a few months early which we will do. And then as always, we will opportunistically look to the market the best way to turn that out, most likely with the longer-term debt offering but stay tune there.
Christy McElroy: And at what point are those paid down, what month?
Jim Taylor: We have the opportunity to prepay those in August.
Christy McElroy: All right. Okay. Just one last question on Assembly Row Phase II. Can you remind me on the construction of the office portion if partners is doing not themselves? Is there any -- are there any fees associated with that construction?
Jim Taylor: Partners is doing it themselves, theyve effectively bought the land from us, thats how we get paid. In addition, we are buying back the ground floor to draw our own development plan.
Don Wood: But Christy, we are not receiving any development fees as part of that.
Christy McElroy: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan with Cowen Group. Your line is now open.
Jim Sullivan: Thank you. Good morning. Just a couple of questions on CocoWalk. And I wonder whether you can share with us Jim at this point regarding the remerchandising strategy there for levels 2 and 3. I think thats for the vacancy, I think its been concentrated. And. Can you also confirm whether you expect to maintain the fourth level as offices?
Jim Taylor: Jim, I dont want to talk yet a bit specifically about plans by floor. But let me give you a little bit of perspective. It sounds like the assets well. And in fact youre right, the upper levels have struggled as does second, third floor retail in many instances. We do have Cinepolis now as the theater operator who will be bringing in more of an upscale movie experience there on the third floor, anchoring it and theyre going to putting significant capital and what they have there from theater and experience perspective. We also will be bringing into those levels more destination type tenants think Health Plus business, things like that. For the balance, we believe that the office market there is pretty robust and provide some opportunity and we think there is an opportunity for other more destination type tenants. And again overall, we think the merchandising in performance to that asset significantly lag whats happening in the streets around it. Thats really the asset has been in the last 10 years by an out of state owner operator and its the need of some remerchandising and repositioning which were excited to get after.
Jim Sullivan: And in terms of your partners there, the local sharp shooters as youve labeled them. Can you kind of outline how the management of the property will operate and what the fee structure will be?
Jim Taylor: Were paying market-based fees for the ongoing operation of the asset. We have in our local partner, Gras River Property, a group with operating expertise, which is actually located on the next block away from the property. Obviously, our team will be working with them to make sure the properties are operated well. And from a leasing perspective, well be working with Michael Comras and of course, our own team to make sure were getting the right tenancy and merchandising mix in there.
Jim Sullivan: And then finally on this property, Don mentioned, I think, in the prepared comments that we should, kind of, stay tuned for more activity in Dade County. And I just wonder whether if you do more acquisitions in that county, whether you use the same partnership or whether that will be done totally differently?
Don Wood: We would look at opportunities with this partnership. What we believe strongly is that local on the ground presence is critical to success. And particularly, Jim, in a market like this, were pleased with the type of opportunities that is the partnership, weve been looking at together and I think were well positioned to capitalize on that.
Jim Sullivan: Okay. And then finally, one quick one on Assembly Row Phase II. The cost estimate there is indicated as net of projected land sale proceeds. Are these proceeds on the land parcels already sold or will they be incremental land sales?
Don Wood: That is the land sale proceeds from the partner side, Jim.
Jim Sullivan: Okay. Great. Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Just a couple of quick questions on CocoWalk, does this acquisition often mainly in planning phase include maybe from other nearby acquisition. It seems like there is other, not the same but a similar looking strip centers or lifestyle centers nearby that look challenging as well. Just curious if your overall master planning include maybe assembling other products nearby?
Don Wood: Hey Ki. Thats a -- I mean, its a great question. And the answer is of course. It doesnt necessarily mean, basically we view CocoWalk as getting into a community for that growth in particular. That truly is not solely towards mix in Miami. This is -- we look at little bit like the [indiscernible] if you will, of Miami. And accordingly, to the extent, we can do what we hopefully can do at CocoWalk to the extent that we can pick up other properties, well like to be able to do that in around the area to the extent that numbers dont make sense, we wont. So there is a -- I dont want to necessarily think of a particular strip center or particular power center or whatever else but think generally retail and how it is that we can capitalize on the business that well do a couple of help.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. For the two, in your own -- have you already start engaging some other owners buy or is it lets get this part done first and then start that dialog later?
Don Wood: Lets leave this commerce. Thats another conversation.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay.
Don Wood: Let us do a negotiation.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. So you dont want to do on the conference call. And just last question, when you roll out places like Santana Row Assembly or Pike & Rose. Im sure you guys have done ton of studies but the dollars that the market share you end up grabbing in whatever radius you pick, how would you describe the shoppers that end up coming to your center. Is it -- or the dollars coming to your center, is that really coming from dollars that would have been spent at mall nearby or shopping centers. How would you describe that market share grab?
Don Wood: This is going to be anecdotal, much more than scientific gear but the real answer to that, its just a combination. Certainly, we want to expand the marketplace. Certainly, we do. I mean, when you take a look at Santana over a dozen years now. We absolutely have expanded the marketplace. Have in certain instances, weve taken from other centers and other retailers absolutely too. So, its a combination. Its not one versus the other. The products in really all of those cases that we are trying to build, is a community that works for the particular market that we are in. So as you know, Assembly is very different than Santana and both are very different than Pike & Rose and we could go on and on and talk about the others. Each is different but they are aiming for a 25 mile radius around the particular center and producing a product that is just not available there. So its a combination of expanding that market and also some privacy.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you. Thats it for me.
Don Wood: Yeah. Thanks, Steven.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Michael Mueller: Yeah. Hi. Real quick on Houston Street, just curios, what was the specific catalyst triggered to sale now?
Don Wood: Mike, its a great question. We look at all of our portfolio and really evaluate on a going forward basis what the growth prospects look like, what our hold-IRR is. And as we look at that asset and a brilliant effort by Jeff and the team, decided that this was the right time to sell it. We thought valuations would be strong. Actually, we were pleasantly surprised by where we ended up from a valuation standpoint. And we are pleased that we made the decision to move forward with that.
Jim Taylor: Mike, its a right time as Jimmy said and also we wanted the assets to be in the best shape it could be prepared for sale. So when you look at the leasing that was done there. The West Coast team has run that and really put it in shape to be more marketable than its been. Weve known for a very long time that we were not going to make San Antonio, Texas a hub of Federals acquisition activities. So it really was about getting the asset in the right position. We did some developments there with a new Walgreens a couple years back and just made it more marketable, when you combined that with the current economic environment now is the time.
Michael Mueller: Got it. And then I know you touched on this before during your Investor Day but when you are looking beyond Phase II of Assembly, beyond Phase II of Pike & Rose, how build out are those sites going to be after the Phase IIs?
Don Wood: Basically -- I mean, I was just thinking about this for Pike & Rose. About half of Pike & Rose, about half of that and a bit more than half at Assembly wants to go and then think about Santana there. Think about -- when you see -- I dont know if youve seen yet really what the mixed use portfolio looks like. But the mixed use portfolio also includes big pieces of land that we have shopping centers on, whether its Grant Park, Atlanta, whether its Pike 7, whether its Montrose Crossing. And similarly in the core, when you look at some of the assets in that core, there is a lot to do. So, yeah, I know all of our focus is always on and talk about with respect to Pike & Rose and Assembly. But truly get up a notion higher and you will look and you will see acres and acres of really well located big shopping centers that should be intensified.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. That was it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey. Good morning. Just a couple ones for me here. Curios on what you are seeing or hearing from brokers on the pipeline for the back half of this year, for the type of products youd be interested in buying and how that compares to six months ago and hoping to get a sense of, if you are seeing perhaps a sense from sellers that they might be more willing to come to the table now, maybe you are reflecting a sense of anxiety over rates or -- and the impact of asset pricing?
Don Wood: Haendel, as Jeff alluded to earlier, each situations, that we look at is itself unique. It does feel like we are seeing some slight building in terms of opportunities, particularly those that are being brokered but in terms of what our targeted list of assets is it just really depends. Too early to tell whether or not this recent volatility is really changing investor decisions as to what to do with these assets that we targeted, but we will see.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. And you guys have stuck to the plan of spending $200 million to $300 million per year free desk for sometime now demonstrating some discipline on capital allocation. I am curious if the highly competitive acquisition environment along with the success of your recent projects like Assembly Row and like supply in the community center space may make you perhaps consider picking up your redevs or expansion investment pace a bit here over the next year or so?
Don Wood: The bottomline is and I know you get tired me saying this, but this is all about the balanced business plan. And so when you think about that pace as it includes redevelopment of existing shopping centers all day long, I mean we have pushed -- we push as hard as we can. And frankly, I am hopeful that this breaking out of core and shopping centers in McHugh will actually help that over the next few years, certainly not immediate but over the next year. So again, I am hopeful there. In terms of the big stuff that we do, I mean we are not a -- I never want us to be 25% of this company being developed. So it is that balanced. But by and large, this is a core shopping center company that truly takes advantage of the places that were in, which have gotten better and better over the last couple of decades to intensify them. That will continue and I hope it actually go up a little bit in terms of the core portfolio.
Haendel St. Juste: Appreciate it, guys.
Don Wood: Thanks, Haendel.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vineet Khanna with Capital One Securities. Your line is now open.
Vineet Khanna: Hi. Good morning. Taking a look at sort of the DC market, its been for a couple of quarters being concerned over multifamily for rent supply, but can you sort of talk about the for sale product in the DC area and what the status of the supply is there?
Don Wood: I cant. No, as we think about whats happening in this particular market, North Bethesda what led us to go with the condo product has actually been a lot of unsolicited demand. So we feel pretty confident based on the basis that we are coming in and where we see the current sales prices for condos in this particular region that we have significant upside. And certainly based on early indications, we will have significant demand.
Jim Taylor: But Vineet, that wasnt your question, I mean we couldnt be more optimistic about 104 units, the condo units at Pike & Rose. With respect to the entire Metro DC market, as youre asking about in terms of for sale product, now there is really not much more we are going to add to that.
Vineet Khanna: Okay. Fair enough. And then I guess taking the DC silver line has been opened for sometime and the road work in that area is complete. Can you sort of talk about the sales trends at Pike 7 and how they compare to preconstruction environment in that area?
Don Wood: Yes. Pike 7 blows me away. When youre sitting, you think about a kind of a community center with a parking lot in front of it. One story of REIT -- story of retail, you would never think that -- you would think about stuff to coming up at least. Well, its the opposite. With thats happening inside them, with all of that congestion titles with the silver line with all of that done, that center has done remarkably well. Sales were off a few percent and that center during all that construction, they are well back above where they were before. Its stronger than ever. And when you think about it, its one of the few shopping centers that produce such an easy to park in front and walk in a market that is totally under construction right now. So silver line is definitely a positive thing for that piece of land, certainly it may be intensify as we go forward, as the leases come up over the next five years or something like that. But in the meantime, we are doing really well there.
Vineet Khanna: Okay. And then just lastly, I think a couple of quarters ago you spoke about how the retail tenants sales are coming in relative to the budgets at Assembly Row, can you sort of walk through the same for Pike & Rose if its not too soon?
Don Wood: I cant. Pike & Rose remember what we did, its different than Assembly. Assembly what we did primarily is built out the street and not only primarily almost totally built out the street, put in our big boxes and Avalon does the residential, but the street was key. At Pike & Rose that was a different strategy, because there was an existing shopping center on the site, [made by Plaza] [ph], which was doing extremely well even up till the time we knock it down. That project was basically a residential project in the first phase. So there isnt critical mass of the retail, which is why we did in that first phase, feels like eye-tech, which is killing it, as you know. Sport & Health, which is a local -- regional health club operator that is really well know and strong. Thats why we do restaurants like a Del Frisco's Grille, like a Summer House, doing very well. And with respect to the retail, thats why we went with National like GAP and City Sports there to kind of round it out. Those guys are doing fine, not nearly as good as they will do with the second phase opened up, which is why we are working so hard to construct that second phase. Now then that will have created the street that feels very much like Assembly.
Vineet Khanna: Okay. Well, thanks for taking my questions.
Don Wood: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And I am showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Ms. Brittany Schmelz for any closing remarks.
Brittany Schmelz: Thank you everyone for joining us. We will start to seeing you every week in New York in the coming weeks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This concludes todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-11 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Brittany Schmelz  Investor Relations Don Wood  President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Taylor  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer
Analysts: Christy McElroy  Citi Jeff Donnelly  Wells Fargo Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler ONeill Jason White  Green Street Advisors Craig Smith  Bank of America Paul Morgan  MLV Michael Mueller  JP Morgan Vincent Chao  Deutsche Bank Haendel St Juste  Morgan Stanley Nathan Isbee  Stifel
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Q4 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference call Ms. Brittany Schmelz. You may begin ma'am.
Brittany Schmelz: Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's fourth quarter and year-end 2014 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dawn Becker, Jim Taylor, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. In addition to our fourth quarter and year-end 2014 supplemental disclosure package, we filed our 10-K yesterday. Both documents will provide you with significant amount, valuable information with respect to the Trust 2014 operating and financial performance. They are both currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed in this call may begin to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although, Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions. Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. Risks inherent in these assumptions include, but are not limited to, future economic conditions including interest rates, real estate conditions and the risks and cost of construction. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that were issued yesterday, our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K, and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. These documents are available on our website at www.federalrealty.com. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our fourth quarter and year-end 2014 results. Don?
Don Wood: Thanks, Brittany. Good morning, everyone. Looking forward to seeing all or - most of you in a few weeks to Citi Conference in Florida, so its more about our company and our industry and I want to thank you for joining us on the call this morning. Well 2014 is in the books, it was the best year weve ever had and by wide margin. I want to start by putting some context around the $4.94 per share or 7.2% year-over-year FFO growth that we just reported. As follows 7% year-over-year growth a year ago in 2013 and 7.7% two years ago in 2012 and keep us right on track double our income in 10 years, that you will remember, was the plan we laid out on our Investor Day at Assembly Row in 2013. The consistency of this performance continues for me to be one of the thing that most proud of. Seems to me that over the years, more and more investors everyday have come the value of that consistency and sustainability in the business that seems to be changing more and more every day. Its particularly noteworthy in 2014 because of the way in which it was accomplished. Research and development investments for the future usually detract from current earnings. I think drugs R&D in the pharmaceutical business or technology R&D in Amazon, but the objective is to ensure competitive advantage long into the future. In our business, that R&D is the development of marketing and the investment in top human capital that is focused on creating new state-of-the-art retail product that we believe will keep us on the forefront of our industry for decades, not just quarters. Whether that takes the form of the first of its kind large scale outlet, entertainment restaurant, mixed-use community like Assembly Row or whether it takes the form of the transformation of a pedestrian Strip Centre like Mid-Pike Plaza into a multi-phased mixed-use placed to be like Pike & Rose. Like, whether it takes the form of niche 48 unit active living residential building that we were researched, that are now building in the back of Congressional Plaza. We couldnt be more proud of our R&D if you will. Even though, the initial design, construction, lease-up and marketing did dilute earnings in 2014 and well again in 2015. In fact, our FFO per share growth would have been double-digit without them, of course, our future wouldnt be nearly as bright and our 10 year plan would be far or less short too. I hope, we always have us active in R&D pipeline as we do today. I know, we will for the next few years. I think, it sets us apart in a retail real estate business that is looking more and more generic and still going for ways to grow. Let me now go though some of the major accomplishments of the fourth quarter and the year. First, on the operating side, in addition of 7.2% FFO per share growth for the year, we grew at 8.5% for the fourth quarter when excluding the early extinguishment of debt in both quarters. Same store growth was strong in the quarter and the year 4.5% to 5% in quarter 4.1% for the year including redevelopment which by the way is what this business plan is all about. Our portfolio of that was 95.6% leased and 94.7% occupied at the end of 2014, right where it was at the end of the third quarter. Leasing was exceptionally strong, 83% deals were signed covering 340,000 square feet, 70 of those deals were for comparable space that is existing space when it was previous tenant and those deals were signed at $33.27 a foot. 20% better than the $27.76 the previous tenant was paying in their final year of lease. The 13 non-comparable deals related primarily to the lease up of the point at Plaza El Segundo in California. One of the drivers of the quarters leasing results included the repositioning of Crow Canyon shopping Centre in San Ramon California where an underperforming lucky food store was replaced with a new Sprouts specialty grocer and a Orchard Supply Hardware store. Those deals followed on a new sports authority deal replacing a bankrupt Loehmann's earlier in the year and the buyout for an owners ground lease to give us full control of the shopping centre. You could conservatively figure that this shopping centre is worth $35 million more net of the capital that was invested than it was before these actions. The other driver of those leasing results was the renewal of a couple of bank pads as significantly more rent than they had been paying. You know with all the talk and worry about changes in the consumer banking practices and the real estate needs. Myself included among the worriers, this part of our business has remained remarkably strong. The testament to the continuing importance to banks of attracting customer deposits in important real estate locations. Okay, some more things I would like to talk about before turning it over to Jim. The development updates on Assembly and Pike & Rose, the Point and Santana Row and some organizational shifts and new hires that give us the best chance of maximizing our potential. Jim will cover acquisitions and disposition. So on the development, lets start with a sample. The Greater Boston Community has clearly embraced the first phase of Assembly Row even if its buried in snow at the moment. The retail is 97% leased, with 53 tenants opened and operating, most doing rather than either they or we had planned, and that includes the anchor system, comprised the LEGOLAND Discovery Centre, the AMC Theatre, Saks Fifth and the Restaurant who are all outperforming. In the office building, software developer SmartBear moved into their space a couple of weeks ago. Weve signed ROI with a digital media software company and lots of action on remaining 4.5, weve seen dramatic improvement in the sales of the adjacent power centre that we call Assembly Square Marketplace, and we fully expect to improve its merchandising and profitability in the next 12 to 18 months, a direct result of success of the Row. Were also happy to report that the Partners HealthCare construction is on pace for occupancy that will begin in late 2016. Concrete is being poured, and T-stop is operating as expected. The impact of this first six or eight months strong opening in Assembly is a faster ramp to a 6% unlevered view and then beyond than we had anticipated just a year ago, Its very gratifying. Were just about done with design and planning for the next phase of Assembly, which will include a continuation of the retail street, residential above, a partnership with the Boutique Hotel operator and a street connection with a partner site. Cost need to be finalized a G&P contract negotiated, and other deal terms agreed to, where we hope to be able to announce the required approvals to move ahead on our next call. Last word on Assembly is to recognize the passing of our General Manager Russ Joyner last month. Truly one of the great guys in our business, the successful launch in this community was in no small part due to Russs commitment, we will miss him. At Pike & Rose, lots and lots of onsite construction in these dates, as we broken ground on the next $250 million that we announced on this call last fall, while at the same time, we complete construction on that last building in phase 1 over the next few months, that means that two years from now, well have over $510 million deployed before selling a 100 condos, that is. On this site, in 9 buildings, 360,000 feet of retail space, 750 residential apartments, 100 Condos, 80,000 feet of Merrill Lynch anchored office, a 175 room Canopy Hotel and nearly 2,000 parking spaces. On stabilization, that investment should yield between a 7% and 8% unlevered return and well still have much, much more to do on this site. Let me bring you up to speed on where we are right now. And as I mentioned earlier, construction is few months from completion on the high-rise residential tower we call Palace. And we expect to begin leasing as planned in next quarter. Timing is great because our residential building called PerSei, is now 95% leased. A bit disappointing to us in the short-term are the average rents we filled the building up with the first time around. They are about 9% less than we had underwritten, in part due to the heavy construction during the entire lease up period on the site and also due to lots of supply coming on the market at one time. As a result, we decided to lower our underwritten rent expectations on the high-rise a bit and when combined with some additional scope on the site wide infrastructure that we now planed. We thought it prudent to reduce unlevered yield expectations on the first phase to the 7% to 8% range. The nice thing about residential leases is that they are generally 12 months long and so well get lots of opportunities to reprice as Pike & Rose matures and construction becomes more isolated. If Santana Row is any guide, we will more than make up for that over time. Every bit of feedback that we get on this project improves our confidence about the regions need for destination like Pike & Rose. And as particularly evident in the retail environment, we are creating. The Phase I retail is fully leased and has led by the extremely successful opening of iPic a luxury theatre experience that is soundly beating its and our expectations. No other iPic location has seen this level of success in its first 100 days of operation. Out west construction and leasing on our addition to the Plaza El Segundo shopping node with a 115,000 square-foot lifestyle centre called the Point continues on budget and on schedule, with tenants beginning to open this summer. Check it out when you are in a L.A., its only three miles South of LAX on Sepulveda at Rosecrans. And at Santana, construction is underway on our $115 million 225,000 square-foot office building with nearly 700 parking spaces on Winchester, Boulevard at Olsen Avenue. Its being marketed as 500 Santana Row and will follow on the 125,000 square-feet of office base that already exist elsewhere at Santana Row. That office base is fully leased and has some very strong rents. The continued explosion of the Silicon Valley economy, the strong job growth and a growing reputation of Santana Row add the very desirable office address, as is very bullish about doing deals in this state-of-the art building over its 18 month construction period. All of which leads me to last topic from my prepared remarks and thats our team and organizational setup. We are clearly playing more aggressive offense these days and growing our overall real estate holdings pretty meaningfully, given this very substantial development platform. Accordingly we are consolidating our development efforts under newly promoted Executive Vice President Don Briggs. Many of you know Don is the guys primarily responsible for design and execution of Assembly. We are doing this to assure and we prioritize and allocate our formidable development talent across all opportunities of the company best on the best  best risk adjusted determination of likely value creation. Don has been with us for over 15 years and represents one of the countrys most experience and most respected mixed-use developers. He will report directly to me, as well a new position that weve just announced aimed at maximizing our residential profitability. You may have seen in our press release last month about Mike Ennes, who comes to us from Hilton worldwide and will join the team next month as Vice President of Residential Operations and Branding. Weve learned a lot and made a lot of money from the residential product that weve been offering at Santana Row over the last decade. Bethesda Row, Congressional, Pike & Rose and soon Assembly need to benefit similarly, with simplify comfortably that higher end residential product in the successful mixed use environment requires a quarter back, one that can oversee our third-party residential managers while at the same time understanding, capitalizing on and integrating the different uses to provide a better residential service in private model, thats development, we are taking a different approach to operations, while we are consolidating and centralizing our developing group in residential oversight, we decentralizing our East Coast operating group and breaking it up a little differentially. The West Coast already operates on decentralized basis under Executive Vice President Jeff Berkes and now well be dividing up our East Coast portfolio between our mixed-use division and our foundational core shopping centre division. Our mixed-use division will be run by newly promoted Senior Vice President John Hendrickson who has been running our North East Region for the last seven years out of our Suburban Philadelphia office. John will relocate to Federal headquarters in Maryland in the next several months. In terms of leadership of the core shopping centre division, we feel like this is a great opportunity to add a senior level shopping centre operator to our executive team, there is a lot going on at the company these days, more than ever before, and the creation of a new position to lead and grow the core shopping centre division give us the chance to expand our senior team. Accordingly, we have instituted a search that Dawn Becker and I will be leading for a new Senior VP at the Core Shopping centre division, that division will include over 60 properties spanning from Boston to Florida and oversee nearly $300 million of property level income. We would expect to identify the executives in the next several months. These changes and the organizations below them recognized a changing real estate landscape and better align our company to take advantage of it in a most productive way. Frankly, I couldnt be more excited. Thats all Ive got for prepared remarks, let me now turn it over to Jim and look forward to taking your questions after that.
Jim Taylor: Thanks, Don, and good morning everyone. As Don highlighted, our bottom-line results for both the quarter and the year represented yet another record of the Trust. As usual, a large driver was growth in the quarter which grew over 4% including redevelopment, while occupancy remains flat. Our results also reflected the successful integration of The Grove and Brook 35 acquisitions made earlier in the year, both of which outperformed our initial underwritings. A true testament to our partner Chris Cole and the team he has brought on Board. This year as Don also highlighted, we overcame several cents of drag from the openings of Assembly and Pike & Rose, the initial phases of which have now successfully delivered as Don has discussed in depth. Our balanced business plan continues to deliver bottom-line results while we invest in future growth. Value that, we are delivering today that will continue to deliver in the future. In addition, theres a larger multi-phase multiyear projects at Pike & Rose and Assembly, we should also highlight that we delivered over $90 million of redevelopments during the year at assets like Ellisburg, Santana Row, Barracks Road and Hollywood is very attractive returns. In addition of these projects, we continue to expand and execute upon a redevelopment pipeline of over $290 million of redevelopments like The Point at Plaza El Segundo, Westgate and even a new 48 unit apartment building thats being built as we speak right behind this conference room. In addition to successfully integrating The Grove and Brook 35 acquisitions, we also closed last month on the acquisition of San Antonio centre in Mountain View, California, which we announced on our last quarters call. We couldnt be more excited about the potential for additional value creation at this phenomenal location, which comprises 33 acres in one of the most dense and affluent areas of Silicon Valley. This transaction, which was sourced off-market and structured on the tax preferred basis, truly to provide the type of acquisitions remains focused on executing. While asset pricing remains very high, against the backdrop of record low interest rates, we continue to actively pursue a few opportunities like San Antonio centre, where importantly, we believe that there is value to be added over time. We hope that further updates on our next call, but you can expect us to remain disciplined and focused on unearthing the right opportunities that fit our business plan. Turning to the balance sheet, we successfully raised $250 million of 4.5% 30 year notes in November and used about $200 million of those proceeds to pay off our 565 senior notes in our $61 million mortgage on East Bay Bridge. In so doing, we brought down the weighted average interest rate on our outstanding debt and importantly, increased our weighted average maturity by little over three years. We ended the year with $47 million of cash and nothing drawn under our $600 million revolver. This provides us with more than adequate capacity to fund our remaining development activity without having the access to capital market. Of course, with rates recently testing all time lows, we remain well-positioned opportunistically access this market to further term out our near-term maturities and fund our development pipeline, stay tuned. Turning to guidance, we have maintained our range, given last quarter $526 to $534. For those of you who have accused us of being sandbaggers and automatically move to the top of the range, allow me to offer some insights on why we gave the larger than usual range and the factors that will influence where we end up in that range. First the potential sale of Houston Street assets in Texas which we are close to having under contract, as I mentioned on last quarters call, the sale is not included in our guidance, but will be approximately $0.33 [ph] diluted depending on the timing of the closing and how quickly we can redeploy the proceeds from the sale of this slower growing asset. We will update you at that situation progresses. Second, given a timing of the San Antonio Centre closing occurring this past January versus December, we incurred an additional $1.5 transaction cost this year. While we typically have cushion for such cost in any given year, we do hope to incur additional transaction costs in other opportunities that we are pursuing, some of which may be incurred prior to closing anything. Third, weve made a strategic decision to continue to invest in R&D, as Don put in, investing in our people and our platform, so that we can responsibly scale into this massive pipeline of value creation that we have underway. As you would expect from us, we will not sacrifice the long-term for a few pennies in the short-term. I believe that we have most of this investment covered in our numbers, the transactional costs and other one-time expenses could also impact our numbers by $2 or $2. Finally on the investment side, we will always aggressively pursue near-term rollover and the related temporary decline in occupancy to create long-term value. It is always been a core tenant of our business plan and always well needs [ph], its not a new initiative for us. However with recent announcements like to potential Staples Office Depot merger in the recent chapter 11 filing of RadioShack, in addition to opportunities at Assembly's tower centre that have become more real in light of Assemblys amazing opening performance. We may get the chance to generate some real long-term re-tenanting opportunities. Too early to tell what the extent the impact will be in 2015, but again we will keep you posted. Turning again to the larger timing assumptions factored into our guidance, we expect to deliver approximately $375 million in development and redevelopment this year. Some of the more significant deliveries includes approximately $80 million of offset space to Pike & Rose and Assembly which is been delivered in the first and second quarter of this year. We've conservatively underwritten 2016 rent starts and hope to beat those with the final lease-up. Approximately 77% of the retail Pike & Roses delivered has occupied which includes the iPic Theater, Del Friscos, Summer House, City Sports and Sport & Health among others. Now to the retail space which is 95% lease, well continue to open as planned through the middle of this year. Pallas, the 319-unit luxury high-rise of Pike & Rose which represents approximately $110 million of investment is slated to open this summer and is expected to lease up over the following 18 months. Finally, we expect The Point redevelopment at Plaza El Segundo, which represents approximately $80 of investment is slated to open this mid-summer and stabilize in early 2016. Given this timing we expect our quarterly FFO to start lower in the first quarter and ramp significantly during the course of the year versus being flat. From a capital standpoint again, we expect to find approximately $300 million of development and redevelopment expenditures through long-term debt our ATM and our line of credit. As mentioned earlier, we remain opportunistic as it relates to rates and well always look to ways in this environment to term out maturities and reduce our weighted average debt cost. In closing, we have a lot of great opportunities delivering now for the longer term and could be more excited about how we continue to execute upon that business plan. That we laid out for you in 2013. We look forward to seeing many of you at the Wells Fargo and Citi conferences in the coming weeks. And with that operator wed like to turn it over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi.
Christy McElroy: Hi, good morning, guys. Just wanted to follow up on Pike & Rose Phase 1, if I look at the midpoint of the new total cost and projected return assumptions, I get to about an annualized NOI of roughly $20 million as stabilization, or about $5 million on a quarterly basis. Just thinking about sort of the retail and apartments that are currently online, I think youve mentioned per se is 95% leased, and the retail is 77% leased. How much of that in NOI flowed through Q4 results?
Don Wood: On a Q4 basis not a significant amount and remember the reason is that we continue to invest a lot in marketing plus we were leasing that apartment building up and experience related operating drag associated with that. We expect Christy, that to continue through 2015 because importantly well be delivering $110 million of the first phase is represented by building 10 which will open in the summer. We continue to spend a significant amount of marketing dollars if this project opens and we expect building 10 then to stabilize over the following 18 months.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then just regarding your  the decentralization of operations on the East Coast, maybe you could talk a little bit about the impact on leasing functions between the mixed-use and core shopping centre portfolios  how the leasing process will change, if at all, with this new structure? And then Jim, to your point on guidance, is there any incremental G&A associated with the change?
Jim Taylor: Yes, Christy thanks a lot of asking me about that. What weve been doing for the last five years, really since the recession hit is really doing some very, very good blocking and tackling. And we divided the portfolio of between Northeast and Mid-Atlantic. The problem with that as you get into a more aggressive offensive posture is that what were delivering on the mixed-use stuff takes a lot of time its hard and the skill set on the leasing side is a different skill set that it is on the core shopping centre side. So being able to align that lease with specific management for those properties, we see is a real positive on both mixed-use and what it should do to the core. Because there is a lot more  it doesnt allow distractions between properties that do take more time  that do  have different skill set associated with them and the core, which is the horse and the thing that allow them to keep going. So, this is an alignment of leasing with the management of each of those divisions that  I doubt it will have a significant impact in 2015, but we are resetting this up for the long-term where we are going over the next 10 years. So, better alignment is what its all about, it will not change the leasing process, it will focus the leasing personnel more with their operating count of point.
Don Wood: And Christy, to answer your question about guidance, I think we are covered with in the range for the additional cost that we expect. But again, there could be some transitional cost or other things that we dont yet have forecast as we bring in the new COO for the core.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then, Jim, you also mentioned ATM issuance to fund redevelopment spend, is there anything embedded in your guidance for ATM issuance in 2015?
Jim Taylor: There is, we expect as we have in the past to continue - to responsibly fund our development long-term. And that includes the balance ATM issuance and long-term debt and as you see we just did last quarter. We are encouraged by were rates are generally and look to push things out responsibly from a term perspective.
Christy McElroy: So how should we think about total proceeds for 2015 from ATM?
Don Wood: Yes, it tends a bit on after sales, but that expected to be in the $100 million range.
Christy McElroy: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeff Donnelly: Good morning guys. Don, maybe to build on Christy's question about just changing around management, what are your thoughts on planning for succession at a trend level -- maybe the industry's ability to generate good leaders? Because several of your peers have faced the prospect of finding a new CEO, and I think investors out there have been surprised at sometimes, I guess let's say, how shallow the pool is that people can choose from. I was curious what your thoughts were?
Don Wood: Well. Jeff, let me make a couple of comments, first of all, I think its an awesome question because I dont think its a small wheel, theres $10 billion in equity in this company and certainly investors in this company ought to have an understanding of what happens to, if Im not in this border or whatever else. And I can tell you, we treat this really seriously, so that every year, there is an in-depth part of our Board meeting theres a discussion about this. We have put in an interim plan, in case anything happens quickly with me in terms of how the Board would  what people would take over things et cetera which is really important to have as an interim plan. Whats more importantly, in terms of a long range plan, I can tell you that I personally take it as my responsibility and the Board holds me accountable to this to develop people within this company that do have the ability to take over at some point. And I can tell you we do have people, and I know that I am working with to try to make sure there is more than one or two that have the ability at some point in the future. Outside of that, listen  its a big world and there would certainly be a vigorous external process to the extent that was when the time came, because you never want to only rely on one spot. But whether there are great people out there or not I dont know, I certainly would expect there to be. But I wouldnt rely on solely that is for sure.
Jeff Donnelly: Thanks. And maybe if I could just switch gears onto Pike & Rose. We had talked in the past about the threat of what's going on in multifamily in the DC area and how long it would take on this project. I'm just trying to get a sense of how you are thinking about that impact now for Pike & Rose. Specifically, what are your assumptions today where your lease-up is on multifamily versus the competitors? And what was it in the past? I'm just curious how much you have narrowed the premium, if at all, that you are expecting to get at Pike & Rose?
Don Wood: No, I dont want you to make too much of this and let me make the point. I told you that as were leasing this up, weve missed our leased up per square foot numbers by 9% in that first building 9%. Now that I think is pretty indicative of not only supply coming on in the market, but if I were asking you to move into that apartment and used all the cranes and the concrete is being poured and the construction site that it is, I suspect you would be in a better negotiating position too in terms of being able to lease it that way. For me that I  we are trying to anticipate that into the Palace building also in about the same amount, the same thought. But I dont want to say this, I dont want to sell Cavalier, but big deals, because the nice thing about this 12 month lease process, as you go forward and weve seen it at Santana; in fact just before the meeting I asked on. We pull together do you think what are our growth rate has been over 10 years at Santana and various different products and we dont havent here, but we will and time for city, I think youll see what Im saying by being able to create this kind of mixed-use environment, which other people do not have to head up to this level, we can see the people are coming in, the ability to push rams going forward is clearly better than in other type of more generics products through and through. So always trying be upfront with what your expectations are  we didnt feel comfortable keeping it at 8 to 9 giving what is happen with the first building being 9% off, and so just to appropriately lay out where we think we will be upon that first  is the first complete phase including Talas leased up. We bought it to 7 and 8, but I want to think about that as a max on this project long-term, because I do believe this like a family like Santana has a great growth profile associated with it.
Jeff Donnelly: Just a last question, then for Jim. And maybe this is going back a bit in time, Jim, but at the analyst day in late 2013, I think you kind of laid out a plan for Federal that have a sort of a base-rate same-store NOI growth of, call it, 3% to 3.5%, with literally thats forms a redevelopment and acquisitions potentially taking that same-store NOI growth potential as high as 5% to 7%. I know a lot of time hasn't elapsed, but I think you guys have been kind of running around 3.75% to 4% same-store NOI since then, give or take. So how do you think you are doing versus that original plan? Because you have been acquiring; you have been renovating. Were you did expecting to be slightly better than this at this point? Or is it just because of the timing -- I'm just curious when you -- what your sense is.
Don Wood: Yeah, I think were right on top of where we expected and where we laid out. I think that that aggregate NOI growth also included acquisitions which you know what I would tell you is we remain disciplined and what  what you can take from acquisitions like San Antonio Center is that we are still able to find in the low cap rate environment opportunities that we think will be accretive to our growth in the long-term. And thats the discipline that weve retained. We certainly could go out and drive a bunch of near term accretion, but diminish our long-term growth, and we are just not going to do that. But in terms of how the core is performing in what we laid out, I think we are right on track. I think  as Ive said before our rollover growth right now at this point of recovery is very strong. The other thing Id point out here is that we have been producing this really on an occupancy neutral basis which is important to highlight, because I think that on a comparative basis, it can look less robust, but when you are able to generate this type of growth on a portfolio that was 95.6% leased beginning year, 95.6% leased at the end of year. I think it speaks volumes to the job that our leasing team is doing led by Chris and the assets themselves.
Jeff Donnelly: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler ONeill.
AlexanderGoldfarb: Good morning. And, Jim, appreciate the guidance comments. We will watch the progress throughout the year. Just a few questions here. First of all, on the Pike & Rose, and just thinking about some of your other apartment development sites, if you guys knew that  I mean, obviously, supply doesn't suddenly come up; it's pretty apparent that people are building supply. So if you can just talk a little bit about how your underwriting may have been off, or what lessons you learned given that rents came in almost 10% below where you expected on the project?
Jim Taylor: Yeah. No, first of all, youre dead on. Alex, there is  new supply is not a surprise; its takes on the bills in hand, and its was clear is to what was going to be there. What is never clear in a particular environment or at a particular leasing meeting your strategy or when you have a person on the other side of you, what it's that those competitors are doing with their rents was  that they are doing with their concessions and you do business in a marketplace. So, its not about lessons learned in this case at all, frankly, in terms of the product that was coming on. I think were right on. But to the extent, we are going to have competitors drop prices significantly or significantly increased their concessions were going to follow soon because we want to buy the building. I do think where we did underestimate it was the impact of the construction on the site, and its not like as a single building. It is a building within the middle of lots of stuff happening on it and I dont remember the last time that youre at the site specifically. But you know, when we do these phased projects we are going to lay if were confident with what we are seeing in terms of demand in the first phase and we are, despite the fact that its 9% lower on the actual rent by the way, theyre in still a big number. It's not like were  its not like this is a 9% off  its not a $1,500 month apartments. This is expensive stuff. So, its still a big number, we are going to try to start the next phase as long as were comfortable on top of the first phase to be able to create the critical math. So, if you are going to ask  its really to say what it is that? Weve learned that it would be that first set of lease-up. We got to fill the building and the construction impact of that per se in a mixed-use project where you got lots of other construction directly adjacent to where you are asking somebody led its going to be more than that we got.
AlexanderGoldfarb: Okay. And then, its  I think continuing the apartments you guys announced a new hire to head up sort of the branding of your residential platform. This is  should we think that you guys are going to take in-house and start doing apartment property management yourself or you are always going to outsource that or you are debating depending on how big your apartment platform becomes potentially taking that in-house.
Jim Taylor: That's great question, Alex. Thanks for asking. There was no intention whatsoever to bring that business in-house not. The management companies, the residential management companies have spend lots of money on their infrastructure, lots of money on their systems, lots of money on fund, there were expertise are being able to do that, I would like to leverage that and pay a small couple of percent to be able to get that. Thats not the same though as the overall senior leadership of how that's being done across a platform and thats the point of hiring mike. The point clearly is if you are going to build the type of stuff that we are building which is complicated we need to get a premium for that residential rent vis--vis what most residential companies get in terms of the rent. We are already getting that premium, and want it to be more and so putting a senior executive in there, that can effectively go over the top by the hallow if you will to  all the properties and make sure there this not  thats really uniformity but the creation of distinction that gives us a better chance of getting that premium and increasing that premium then I think you will pay from south 10 times over.
AlexanderGoldfarb: Okay. And then just final question, you guys have announced a lot like people changes new positions you just basically announced a headhunter search for CEO type position. Whats driving all this, was it where there certain instances where you suddenly realize that people were too stretched out or you werent getting the organizational response that you wanted or is it simply as the company has grown bigger all companies have certain size they go through Grove and Brook and at certain sizes they just need more people or different organizational structures.
Don Wood: Its far more later, its exactly I mean, look at what this company has, look at whats happening at this company in terms of its breadth, in terms of its scope and whats most important about that, is taking the senior executives at this company and making sure that they are spending their time on the things that had the most value. So when I sit here and I look at Chris Weilminster across the table who wont have the direct reporting of the guy thats going to report up through mixed-use any longer. Chris could look at there, oh my god, thats terrible. Its not at all terrible those that  that those decisions need to made closer to the real estate so the Chris is effectively the senior most person spending his time on the big things that are really creating the extra expertise necessary on the big stock the same with Don over on the operating side. So this is a bigger company that simply does have people that have been stretched and stretched and stretched. And when youre entering the type of next five years that were entering into and what we are delivering, you want to make sure; you have your best people on the most important things. And building below that. A team that going to effectively succeed them.
AlexanderGoldfarb: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason White with Green Street Advisors.
Jason White: Hey there, just a quick question. Then, when you look at your stock price for a trade, what do you think that trades related to NAV.
Don Wood: Jason, isnt that your job?
Jason White: Yes, but Im saying
Don Wood: Im going to turn this over to Jim. I truly dont have a good answer for you on this. The idea what we are trying to do is we are trying as best we can to put allocate capital to projects and to opportunities that creates substantial EBIT a long away. What is there? Whats trading in the marketplace anybody can talk about where cap rates are? And you can do the math; youve got all the income numbers there. So Im going to leave that to you. I really dont know how to give you a better answer than that, Jimmy I dont know Jason is going to be all [indiscernible] I didnt give him a specific number. Youre welcome take it from here.
Jim Taylor: Jason, when you look at where cap rates are today. And that  just from a spot basis and where interest rates have gone, obviously the correlation between REIT, pricing, and interest rates is parallel than the private market, in terms of where cap rates are? And those underlying interest rates. We continue to be really surprised by where we see assets trading. And importantly, youll not talk about the soft line. But I think its a point for broader discussion. These are often talks cap rates in the fore range. And assets that just arent growing, and when you look at our company as an investment proposition and when you look at the amount of pipeline that we have underway are what we successfully delivered and derisked if you will. And the pipeline that extends beyond that. There is huge value in that that I know that if we were looking at it in an asset environment certainly would be factored into the pricing. So hard to pin an exact number because again were in an all time low record interest rate environment. But I would think that were not fully valued relative to that stock price.
Jason White: Okay. The reason I asked -- I'm wondering if you use that relationship to basically fuel your decision-making on the acquisition development -- really, the capital allocation side. And if you either loosen up underwriting, or you get more aggressive? And then if your stock price trades relatively cheap or expensive, if your decision-making changes?
Jim Taylor: It is absolutely, statically doest not. Weve really look at what we know and when we look at the assets and what we know is both the income is in place and what we think we have is good as you as anybody, is where that income is going to go, both in terms of in place leases, relative to market, but importantly what we see the redevelopment opportunities today and I would stake our development, the redevelopment team against any platform in the market in terms of understanding and underwriting that type of opportunity and, so when we look at acquisition, its not with the spot view or an eye on our stock price, its with the view towards, what will that investment do to our independent growth profile over time. So, and thats discipline will remain.
Jason White: Okay. Just as kind of a final follow-up on that, let's say, for example, your stock traded off 15% or 20% over the next couple of weeks. Would you still be as aggressive in looking at acquisitions as you are today? Or does that change somewhat?
Jim Taylor: Yes, I mean again. You know we look at it from a long-term perspective and we evaluate again what we think that assets going to contribute to our long-term growth, I mean
Don Wood: It takes me crazy Jason, to be doing it that way based on market fluctuations in the short-term. 
Jim Taylor: And I would 
Don Wood: Certainly just to make the point, I mean certainly we acknowledge whats happening in the marketplace and look at the  when you take a look at that our return thresholds and what we need to have to create value today versus five years ago or ten years ago thats obviously changed. But its going to be in periods like that, its not going to be in changes in the next several weeks. Thats I think thats the full variant.
Jason White: Okay. And then just one last discussion point on Amazon expressing interest to enter brick-and-mortar in a larger way. I'm not quite sure if that's going to happen yet, but how big is that opportunity for you as a brick-and-mortar landlord, to have potentially thousands of Amazon smaller stores floating around?
Don Wood: Well, let me say couple of things. When you  I dont know Chris where do you want to answer this or not, you know for last 17 years whatever there was a new concept that was being talked about or whether  whenever there was somebody that was going bankrupt that going out, because oh my god, what they are going to do and one of the things l love about this business, I mean, I am sitting here in front of me with seven as our 20 radio check stores that will be given back, I am sitting here and looking at 13 staples and office depot stores that who knows whats our future. This is the opportunity and whether its Amazon, you would certainly think that new retailers whoever they might be, who want to be in brick and mortar would look hard at the locations that we have. Its just hard to immersive if they wouldnt and so  I do that as a extreme positives, in terms of  brick and mortar retailing. I look at radio shack going away at the positive in terms of brick and mortar retailing and so from my perspective at least, this is what we do and the ability to be able to negotiate and create value has to happen with opportunities like this for any supply and demand. Thats why the locations are so important.
Jason White: Great, thanks a lot. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Smith with Bank of America.
Craig Smith: Hi good morning. I'm going back to the new VP of residential branding. Is this job more to enhance the existing performance of the residential properties at Federal, or is he also helping to facilitate unit growth at Federal?
Don Wood: Yes. And the only thing I would say  unit growth is much of the unit growth is baked in into the plans for the build out of Assembly, for the build out of Pike & Rose, for the build out of Santana Row, for the build out of the projects that we already have respectively under our portfolio, and so add those things are being planned and rolled out I want expertise there. Secondly, there is no question that with respect to the existing product. I mean the way I like to put it  Craig and you remember that  because youve been around a long time, like I have here and what weve done at San Antonio Row with respect to the growth of that project, with respect to the benefit of the residential has happened over 12 years now. 10 year or 12 years and we learned upon, I dont want it to take that long for Pike & Rose and for Assembly and for those  the other projects that we have. So having a senior level executive over the top, that make sure lessons learned on existing  from a prior experience can be applied to our existing platform, its also important. So this is a senior guy, this is the ability to do both of the things that you laid out.
Craig Smith: And is there any potential of going beyond the Rows and Pike & Rose in terms of adding multifamily?
Don Wood: Well I think you know, any piece of land that we have, whether its, if you are in our headquarters today Congressional you would see a building going up on the back of our parking lot, thats the second phase of building that we did 10 years ago on the back of our parking lot. So - in anyway possible within the retail but also residential in sometimes but small times less case in office is what we did to effectively take advantage of the real estate and take advantage of the retail environment that we created. So it wont just be the rows, I hope you will see it like we added up in Chelsea, Maryland  Chelsea, Massachusetts rather like youre seeing here at congressional were looking at it at least were looking at in a number plates throughout the portfolio. But you will not see us going out, and simply becoming a residential company. Were a company that tries to take the real estate that we have, the product that were building and create the best uses with our mixed-use real estate.
Craig Smith: Great, thanks. Thanks for that.
Jim Taylor: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Morgan with MLV.
Paul Morgan: Hi, good morning. Jim, just to get a little clarity, you talked about the ramp in FFO over the course of the year; and you attributed it, I thought, to things like Pike & Rose. But then you also said not to expect too much NOI contribution due to  a ramp in that due to all the marketing spend associated with the multifamily. Can you just help me reconcile: where is the brand coming from which projects over the course of the year from an FFO line?
Jim Taylor: Yes. My comment on the Christys question earlier was we still have drag in the year associated with marketing. But certainly as the year progresses were seeing some ramp in NOI, both with the development Paul, and importantly with the redevelopment as well as that successfully delivers. And as you think about where it is in the year I think we could see a fourth quarter 10% plus higher than the first quarter.
Paul Morgan: Okay. And then just sticking with the first quarter for a second, do you think there is going to be a big kind of weather-related number we should watch for on the expense side?
Jim Taylor: Early to tell you. Certainly, what we are seeing in the Northeast in the snow in Boston in particular is significant
Don Wood: So weve had an easy Mid- Atlantic so far. So, no, I wouldn't suggest that you'd expect anything crazy at this point. But its February 10.
Paul Morgan: Okay. Then just going back to Pike & Rose again, I guess maybe a little bit bigger picture: how do you think about balancing the need to build -- you know, you mentioned noncritical mass there, with a big mixed-use project like that, where you are trying to get momentum; versus what has kind of been really a gap between demand, which has kind of been driven by sluggish job growth, and supply, which has been pretty aggressive. How do you think about the one thing where you really want to get momentum versus maybe if it were an isolated project, you wouldn't move forward?
Don Wood: Yes, I don't think we are there, Paul. It's an excellent question; and, frankly, I love that you used the word balance in there, because it is a balance  the entire thing all the way through. It is the  the notion that there is not demand for the residential product is just wrong. The residential product, I mean, this  that first building is done. it's leased up and its leased up in exactly the timeframe that we expect. So when you are sitting and talking about rents that are at $2.40 a foot versus $2.58 a foot or something like that, that on the balance equation is certainly not going to lead you to we are not building. In fact, in answer to that Alexs question earlier if we had thought harder about the construction impact and had laid out 7% to 8% at the onset here, I think you would have said Wow! That is fantastic that you are getting those kind of numbers, that's how I feel. And so youre right that there is that balanced question on these projects Assembly frankly have made it extremely easy for us, because on the retail side in particular is just it really has been accepted by the community, more much more than we had even hoped it to say. And as far as I understand, Im not talking for AvalonBay, because they dont know their numbers, inside that I have a feeling you will see us same from that. So going to the next phase of assembly again assuming we can get the numbers where you needed, and I hope you will, expect that we will, that one is easy. On Pike & Rose when you talk about it the way I just laid it out there is doubt we should be moving forward in my mind at least with the second phase to create the critical mass, but also because there is sufficient demand for the residential product, therere definitely demand for the hotel product, we think the condo product it's going to fly off, who knows it will be  what it will be, but we are very cautious to the balance that you talked about. And in both of those situation, I dont think its close with respect to non going forward.
Paul Morgan: That's helpful. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Mueller with JP Morgan.
Michael Mueller: Hi, Most of the smaller redevelopments look like they are stabilizing in 2015. Can you give us a sense as to what projects you have on page 17 of the supp are likely to become active in 2015/2016?
Don Wood: Mike, I can speak to what we have currently on the pipeline, which is on the proceeding phase on page 16 and what we are always continuing to do with the list of projects on 17 is try to put them in the pipeline. So I expect as you go through the year, you will see that project or two as weve consistently done over the last several years, but I dont at this point want to speak to specific lines on 17.
Michael Mueller: Okay. That was it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao: Most of my questions have been answered here. But just going back to the management structural changes here, once all the pieces are in place, do you expect to get the full productivity of that changed structure by the start of 2016? On the development side of things, at least, is there an expectation that there could be some upward pressure on those yields as folks are a little bit more focused? Or was it not so quantitative as that? And then second question is: there was a shopping center acquisition that was being discussed last quarter. Just curious if that's now off the table? I know it was sort of 50%/50% at the time.
Don Wood: Yeah, let me give you some thoughts on that. First of all, I do hope that 2016 would be the beneficiary effectively of the structural changes, 2016, 2017 and 2018 frankly as it heads up. On the development side there, I know its not going to be about, I dont think upward pressure on the returns as much as it is, I hope, to getting to the things that have the best chance of actually happening done and going, its about that prioritization where if you take a look at guys, I mean weve got some great guys between Don Briggs, John Tschiderer, Evan Goldman, great construction and some other folks and I dont want anybody [indiscernible] off because I didnt say their name. What I am trying to say is when they go together and arent in silos if you will on certain type of projects, I expect better productivity so that should mean more projects, so that should mean more projects sooner and thats the primary emphasis there. And I dont remember the last acquisition
Jim Taylor: As it relates to the acquisition at this point then I would rate it as a little probability. We do have other opportunities in the pipeline that we hope to be talking about very soon.
Vincent Chao: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Haendel St Juste with Morgan Stanley.
Haendel St Juste: Hey, I guess, its good afternoon now. Don, I don't want to make too much of this, but just one more question on Pike & Rose, if you will. Hindsight is 20/20. Just thinking or wanted to get your perspective on if you think you might have been better off partnering with, perhaps, an apartment specialist, like you did with Avalon at Assembly Row? And I'm curious if the experience might change how you approach the multifamily phases of your mixed-use projects going forward?
Don Wood: No Haendel, it doesnt. There is  I love the notion of building apartments in markets with mixed-use with our retail street in markets that we know inside now. And I dont want to sound apologetic I mean the idea of $2.40 a foot in the first building here under a  in this situation with the construction going. This is good stuff and I with love in fact, we are going to have an Investor Day, I am going to announce it right here. We are going to have an Investor Day. We are going an investor day at Pike & Rose this year. Because I really do want to show everybody what we are talking about. Now I got to tell you, I think we are fairly good, really good, apartment developers in the mixed-use context. And, so I dont know very many people who are putting this kind of capital to work between 7 and 8 with this kind of mix of product. So, now I wouldnt change any of that, but I will get you down here in get it through we see.
Jim Taylor: And Haendel importantly on those returns relative to where these types of assets are trading the value creation is still very significant.
Haendel St Juste: I appreciate and understand that. A question on a small shop here. You guys are up at 91.8%. Getting close to a level where some of your peers have talked about their high-level, high-water mark  92%, 93%. I'm curious on your thoughts on where you think your small-shop occupancy could get to? And then just on pricing power as you now get to 92% -- how much more, perhaps, you could push right here?
Jim Taylor: I have got two funny comments together. The first is, I do agree that 92% and 93% is - I think we have one point we are in the mid 93% on small shop. At the height of 2006, 2007 we certainly hope to get back there and have a very stout effort at trying to do it. The funny comment is whenever you talk pricing pressure, and I look across the table, and I see the head of leasing, Chris Weilminster  he puts his head down and start smiling, because I appreciate you are doing that, for putting pressure on him with respect to that, I am going to answer for him on that: it depends. That is a one-off negotiation-by-negotiation dynamic, we do the best we can. Do I think that by being a more leased rather than less leased that is overall a good thing for us, yes I did there is no question about it. In terms of that, can I quantify it, for you no I dont. Most of the space thats left and not leased is not obviously the best space in the portfolio. So where I would rather go is there actually not emphasize the lease rollovers as much and push hard on that other 6% or 7% that is not leased up there to be able to get it done at any rates. And then often we hold Ive not hold off but effectively work hard to get full rent and some of that stuff you cant. So you may actually see lease rollovers come down a little bit as the occupancy goes little bit further again thats the balance, thats the overall mix between rate and volume. But you should see I hope you will see some increases to that to the small shop number overall.
Haendel St Juste: And just to follow up on that, given, as you mentioned, it is perhaps not some of your best space, and it might take a bit more effort, how should we think about, perhaps, the incremental capital you might need to invest to lease-up that space?
Jim Taylor: We wont do deals that dont make sense. So you should think about it as I mean, just think about what you just said, if youre talking about the lease attractive space in a shopping center to the extend we can do as it deals to the extend we do a small amount of capital will make it make sense we will do that. To the extend in the spaces that were generally talking about here putting a lot of capital and just to get occupancy we wont do that because makes more sense on a capital allocation basis.
Haendel St Juste: Okay. And then a quick comment, if you will, perhaps, on the 13 Office Depot/Staples that you mentioned  I'm curious on sort of what conversation you are having today; what type of opportunities you are seeing about filling the spaces; and just a point-in-time snapshot, perhaps, of today  where those rents are versus perhaps what the market for rent?
Jim Taylor: As I said weve got nine Staples weve got four Office Depot spaces throughout the portfolio in almost uniformly when we look down we should be able to at least meet rents and frankly probably meet rent in almost all locations. There are some conversations about downsizing state of locations which we would love to do to the extend, weve got demand that exceed supply in the three cases were talking about it we do. Its like everything with us we like to see when they plays out but this kind of changeover whether its Staples and Depot whether its RadioShack I mean generally this is good news for us, this is not bad news and we expect that to continue.
A Don Wood: The one thing I would add it is very early in the announcement of this conversation between the two. So there is really no conversation yet about what stores they would or wouldnt be, if that were to happen and when we looking at our portfolio, there is only a few markets where the stores really truly overlap. So I think Federal even though there is upside in those numbers which we believe, I am not sure that we are going to have a chance to get to them.  through as many of them as we would like.
Haendel St Juste: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Isbee with Stifel.
Nathan Isbee: Hi good morning, good afternoon. Don, you mentioned the long time it took for Santana to evolve. And clearly, there were some challenges early in the process there. I'm just curious, as you look at all the different pieces that have come together there, what is Federal currently yielding on that total project?
Don Wood: Guys I dont have that here, but I suspected seven plus.
Nathan Isbee: Right around 7%. Okay. Thanks. And then just focusing on White Marsh for a second: what are your thoughts about the pending new development there? You clearly have less skin in the game than others, but you still have some skin in the game.
Don Wood: Well, I can tell you, Nate, the last thing we do is put our head in the sand. So were - were talking with that developer who trying to assess, what that developers plans are. Whats actually going to happen versus whats planned, Is there something we can do to protect our assets, our shareholders and so nothing decided effectively that way yet, but we are absolutely in conversations with Paragon to make sure we build the relationship and find out whats the  if there is place where we can the skin cat so it works for everybody.
Nathan Isbee: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And I am not showing any further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Brittany for closing remarks.
Brittany Schmelz: Thank you all for joining us. We look forward to seeing you at the Wells Fargo and Citi conferences in the next few weeks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Brittany Schmelz -  Donald C. Wood - Chief Executive Officer, President and Trustee James M. Taylor - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Jeffrey S. Berkes - President of West Coast 
Analysts: Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division Katy McConnell Ryan Peterson Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Brittany Schmelz. You may begin.
Brittany Schmelz: Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dawn Becker, Jim Taylor, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster and Melissa Solis. They will be available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that were issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. These documents are available on our website at www.federalrealty.com. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our third quarter 2014 results. Don?
Donald C. Wood: Thanks, Brittany. Good morning, everybody. Lots of things are coming together for our company these days, as evidenced by our reported results this quarter, along with a very strong opening in Assembly Row in Massachusetts, and our official decision to move forward with the next phase of Pike & Rose. More on the latter two in a minute. Let's start with the quarter where FFO per share of $1.23 matched our second quarter result and beat last year by a solid 6%, despite the inevitable drag of delivering big development projects. Our core portfolio continues to be the cash flow horse, with same-center growth of 3.3% when excluding the quarter-over-quarter effects of properties under redevelopment and 4.4% when including those properties. That all happened with strong and consistent occupancy reflected at 94.7% this year versus 94.6% last year, and that 94.7% reflects a sequential improvement over the second quarter of 40 basis points. Personally, I'd like to see those numbers rise into the 95% plus range over the next 12 months, as we've moved -- pushed to improve the small shop numbers throughout the portfolio, particularly in the Northeast and the Mid-Atlantic regions. Leases signed during the quarter also bode well for future earnings growth, as 108 deals were signed covering over 430,000 square feet. 90 of those deals were for comparable space, and that is existing space where there was a previous tenant, and those deals were signed at $35.69 a foot, 13% better than the $31.55 a foot the previous tenant was paying in their final year of the lease. The [indiscernible] comparable deals related primarily to Assembly Row and Pike & Rose, in addition to a few at expanded redevelopments like Tower Shops in Florida and Willow Lawn in Richmond, and were written on average at nearly $40 a foot. Sometimes, given the appropriate focus on our large-scale developments, we don't point out enough just how well our basic core expansion redevelopment business is performing. That Tower Shops reference I made a minute ago represents a Trader Joe's deal at this center in Greater Fort Lauderdale that will anchor our 50,000 square foot expansion renovation. We acquired Tower Shops a couple of years back and it's been a home run for us in terms of value creation. The same can be said about Westgate Center in California, acquired in 2004, where the re-merchandising of the center toward today's value oriented retailers like Nike, Gap, and J.Crew outlet concepts is revitalizing this extremely vibrant, well-located property. Our redevelopment effort also applies to properties that we've owned for decades, that are going through their second and their third redevelopment iterations, like Willow Lawn in Richmond and Quince Orchard in Gaithersburg, Maryland. Our bottom line is -- and I love our redevelopment business, because it represents our active effort to keep our properties relevant in a changing consumer environment, in addition to creating obvious incremental real estate value. It's really hard to do that if the real estate is extremely well-located. Okay. Let me make a few comments about our large development initiatives and start with the announcement of the second phase of Pike & Rose. We didn't want to pull the trigger on this $200 million incremental investment in the property without a good read on the market's acceptance on the first phase, and by all accounts, we're very bullish. Settle at that for a second. That first phase is fully leased with respect to the retail component with strong demand for more. It's 50% leased with respect to the office space, with strong interest in documents changing hands on the remainder. It's 75% leased on the third floor [ph] Financial building with potential tenants also expecting stronger than anticipated interest in condominium availability. And we're moving along on schedule with respect to the big 319-unit high-rise building, with lease-up expected to begin in the middle of next year. In addition, interest in all facets of future phases of this project has grown exponentially as people have been able to witness first-hand the execution of the first phase. Nowhere has this been more evident than in the announcement we made a couple of weeks ago about the hotel deal that we signed. We'll be bringing in one of Hilton's first newly conceived boutique lifestyle products. They call it Canopy. So Pike & Rose just [indiscernible] outside of Washington, D.C. because it dovetails perfectly with Hilton's vision for the future. And you've got to love that. We've entered into a joint venture agreement with local hotel company Buccini/Pollin Group, a preferred hotel developer, where we'll be contributing the land plus $5 million in exchange for participating preferred return. And so, based on all that, our board approved an incremental $200 million to continue to expand Pike & Rose with 5 more buildings that will comprise an additional 185,000 square feet of retail, bringing it to 336,000 when including Phase I; 264 additional luxury residential apartments; 177-room Canopy Hotel; and over 800 additional structured parking spaces. That investment is expected to create a stabilized yield in the 7% to 8% range. Higher construction cost and an additional land parcel on the site put some pressure on the yield, but it still works incredibly well given our cost of capital and its future growth prospects. Construction will begin in 2015 and is scheduled to deliver in 2017. Check out Federal Realty's website for a current site plan of all Pike & Rose's various spaces. In addition, we'll be building 104 for-sale residential condominiums on 7 floors above the hotel for a net gain [ph] of $50 million, given the extremely high level of interest in this market for for-sale housing. Net proceeds from the sale of those homes in excess of cost will start to reduce the basis in Phase II and improve the yield, I talked about above, by as much as 50 basis points. Now let's move to Assembly Row and Somerville, where we currently have 40 tenants open and operating, with over 50 expected by year-end and where the initial feedback and performance has been nearly universally positive and strong. As we understand it, Avalon Bay will stay the same on the residential side. In addition, we signed our first lease in our first Phase I office building to Beverly, Massachusetts-based software developer SmartBear, for their 100-plus-person corporate headquarters relocation. It's 33,000 square feet, or 1/3 of the building, which is right on the Mystic River. We expect to have the balance of this space completely leased in 2015. On the other end of the big 60-plus acre site, the [indiscernible] has opened and operating and Partners Healthcare is well under construction and driving piles as it begins to build its 900,000 square foot administrative complex over the next couple of years. The level of economic activity that is taking place on the site today was simply unfathomable a few years back. Given this progress to date at the property and our view of the future for the greater Boston economy over the next decade, we're tightening down numbers and plans now, but barring a significant hiccup in the next several months, we would anticipate an announcement of additional capital allocation for the next phase of Assembly Row next year. Heading west, we expect to begin construction in this fourth quarter with our previously announced 225,000 square foot 6-story Class A office building, along with nearly 700 parking spaces in a garage below the building that will complement existing retail parking nights and weekends. As a reminder, total cost is estimated at $110 million to $120 million with a range of expected volumes that will put the stabilized yield in the 7.5% to 8.5% range. Apple, by the way, is under construction on a brand new $1 billion campus, just a few exits north on route 280 from our site where we are today. Apple announced blockbuster results last week, to serve as a reminder to us of the continuing strength of Silicon Valley. We look forward to continue to capitalize on that dynamic economy with relevant retail and mixed-use product in and around Santana Row, Westgate Center, Old Town Los Gatos and other additions to come. In Southern California, construction of the $80 million Point lifestyle center in El Segundo moves along without drama but with strong pre-leasing and a physical presence at the corner of Rosecrans and Sepulveda, that can now really start to be felt when you drive by that intersection. The project remains on time and on budget for delivery next year. I think I'll stop there and pause my prepared remarks and ask you to reflect a bit about the stability and predictability of these results despite a very aggressive and relatively volatile part of the business plan represented by large, mixed-use development. It's such a testament to the engine that is the core portfolio as well as the development and execution. The balance inherent in this business plan is really the secret sauce to that continuing performance. Now let me turn it over to Jim for his remarks on acquisitions, dispositions, earnings guidance and capital markets before we open the lines to your questions.
James M. Taylor: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. As Don just covered the quarter's key financial operational results, let me pause and deeply highlight again that this quarter's bottom line FFO per share at $1.23 not only matched last quarter's record, which was up -- and is up 6% year-over-year, importantly, this bottom line growth was achieved with stable occupancy while we continue to invest in future growth. A year ago at our Investor Day at Assembly, we laid out for you a pipeline of $520 million approximately of value creation activity, that we either have delivered or will be delivering over the next 12 months, importantly, on time and on budget. And again, through this period of significant investment in future growth, we continue to deliver bottom line growth that's impressive for our sector. Our margins have remained stable as well as our G&A. That disciplined growth and consistency is truly unmatched, all while we achieved the key operational and development milestones that Don just highlighted. Before turning to our outlook for the balance of this year and next, let's look at our balance sheet as well as our acquisition and disposition pipeline. During the quarter, we raised $50 million under our ATM at an average price of $124.71. We raised an additional $10 million from our sale of Pleasant Shops, our asset owned in the JV with ING Clarion, which sale we highlighted on last quarter's conference call. We ended the quarter with approximately $24 million in cash and only $11 million drawn under our $600 million revolver. From a leverage perspective, our debt EBITDA remains low at 5.3x and our fixed charge coverage strong at 3.8x. We still, importantly, have less than 1% of our debt floating and the stated interest rate on our debt maturing over the next 2 years is high at over 6.5%. Given how favorable long-term rates are today, we see this as an opportunity to repay some of this nearer-term maturity and significantly term out our debt at opportunistic rates. Stay tuned, but expect that we will capitalize on this environment in the very near term. From an acquisition perspective, we are scheduled to close, later this quarter, on the acquisition of a 375,000 square foot shopping center in Mountain View, California. This infill center, which is anchored by Kohl's, Trader Joe's and WalMart, is adjacent to Caltrain on approximately 33 acres in a very vibrant area of Silicon Valley. The average demos and density put this asset in the top quartile of our portfolio. The near-term opportunity here includes rolling right to market and repositioning and retaining some of the shop and smaller cog space, while the longer term opportunity includes adding additional density to the site, which has been owned privately since it was built. We negotiated this acquisition on an off-market basis for approximately $60 million at a current implied cap rate in the mid-5 range. The acquisition will be funded through the assumption of approximately $20 million of debt and the balance in cash and operating in partnership units. Importantly, like the Metrovation portfolio we acquired earlier this year, this Mountain View acquisition is a testament to the compelling liquidity and tax planning alternatives we provide to private owners of generational real estate. Last quarter, Don mentioned the $200 million shopping center that we have tied up. We're still working through diligence and structuring issues and at this point, the probability of closing is about 50/50. Like Mountain View, it is being negotiated on an off-market basis. Beyond that, we continue to evaluate a number of opportunities primarily located in our existing markets. As most of you have heard, pricing remains extremely robust. To that end, we have received first-round indications on the potential sale of our Houston Street asset in San Antonio, which we are in the process of evaluating. Expect more on this early next year. Now turning to outlook. We increased our 2014 guidance from a range of $4.90 to $4.94 to a range of $4.92 to $4.94. This increase is in part due to less downtime on rollover in the third quarter on some larger spaces. Importantly, we've also included approximately $0.02 of transaction costs associated with the Mountain View acquisition in this range. However, we have not factored in any debt prepayment or interest costs associated with any early repayment of debt, as the timing of that has not been determined. For 2015, we've provided an initial guidance range of $5.26 to $5.33 per share, or 7.5% growth at the midpoint. Again, stop and consider this type of growth that we're delivering or expect to deliver, as we're also investing in a significant pipeline of value creation. As usual, much of our growth will be -- will come from our same-store portfolio, which we again expect to grow in the mid-3% to 4% range, including redevelopments, on an occupancy neutral basis. We have factored the impact of the Mountain View acquisition in our guidance range, which we expect a lot of [indiscernible] . And from a G&A perspective, we expect to be slightly up to a range of $31 million to $32 million for the year. As for the sale of Houston Street and its impact, expect us to provide more of an update next quarter. Now with respect to the development pipeline that we're delivering and in order to help you better model 2015, I'd like to provide some perspective on the openings of Phase I of [indiscernible], Assembly and Pike & Rose and how it will impact us during the year. Let's start in Rockville, Maryland, at Pike & Rose where we delivered PerSei, the 174-unit residential building in the third quarter of this year. The building represents approximately $40 million as a first stage total investment, and is above 75% leased and approximately 6% occupied. We expect this building to stabilize during the first half of 2015. The 140,000 square feet of retail in the PerSei has started delivering late -- in late September of this year, with the opening of Del Frisco's Grille and the iPic movie theater which opened this week. For those of you who haven't been to iPic, please come, I'll take you to see a movie. It's great. We expect the retail to be completely open by the middle of 2015. Pallas, the 319-unit luxury high-rise with Strathmore retail will open in mid-2015 and is expected to lease up over 18 months. This building represents approximately $110 million of our Phase I investment. On the office side, the 80,000 square feet that we're delivering is currently 50% leased to Bank of America Merrill Lynch, as previously announced. We feel good about the remainder of that space and expect to be fully leased by late 2015. Moving north to Assembly Row, we're over 95% leased on the retail, with 43 of the 59 retailers currently open, and expect the remaining retailers to open by early 2015. Based on these timing elements, we expect to realize a little under half of the fully stabilized POI during 2015 for the first phases of Pike & Rose and Assembly. In addition, as discussed in previous quarters, we also expect to continue to invest significant marketing dollars as we open these important projects and deliver this value. We are very excited by the important progress at both Pike & Rose and Assembly, projects that will provide significant opportunities for value creation and would set us well on our path to double our NOI in 10 years as we set forth at our Investor Day at Assembly last year. To that end, we plan to host an Investor Day at Pike & Rose in early April next year. So keep your eyes out for a save-the-date in the next few weeks. Before I conclude my remarks let me say that we're very excited that Brittany Schmelz has joined us to fill the very large shoes left behind by Kristina. We greatly appreciate all the contributions Kristina made, and wish her well in her new role at Intelsat. Brittany, who played point guard at college and has a Master's in urban planning, has gotten off to a great start. She looks like she may be a keeper. With that, we look forward to seeing many of you next week at NAREIT. And Operator, I'd like to now turn the call over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo Securities.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Jim, can you talk a little bit about the factors that are underlying your outlook for 2015? I think recently you had said that you thought NOI growth would accelerate next year. And I guess I wanted to get a little more detail.
James M. Taylor: Well, I think what I said, Jeff, was that we expected to see a little bit of a downtick in this quarter as we rolled some significant space. As we look forward into 2015, we expect our NOI growth rate to be in that mid-4% -- mid-3s to 4% range, which again is on an occupancy neutral basis. Certainly if we are able to pick up some of the occupancy improvements that Don highlighted in the call we could be at the high end or above that range. But really on a run rate basis when you consider our portfolio is close to fully occupied, that's a reasonable level of expectation.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And I don't want to leave Don out, but Westgate -- out west is transitioning to maybe more of an outlet or discount orientation, it seems like, and somewhat similar to Assembly. Do you see Federal having a bigger role in the outlet business? And maybe, stepping back, is your plan to sort of morph Federal into this diversified player in retail: grocery-anchored, street retail, mixed-use, outlets? Do malls have a role at Federal?
Donald C. Wood: Let me get to the last part first. Malls do not have a role at Federal. And really it's a different business, Jeff. The -- I think I've said before, we take a lot of pride in basically producing the right product for the particular environment they're in, despite whether it's grocery-anchored or outlet-based or whatever else. There is no question that having the well-located type of centers that we have -- and Westgate is a great example. Westgate was an old mall. And the notion of where that is going to service this community, the community going forward, you can't make it a good old mall. It's an old mall. So the idea of being able to take the demographics and the great location that we have and turn it into a value-based center, where we have had great success with tenants like -- these tenants, it's Gap outlet, it's J.Crew outlet. That's under construction right now. The Nike outlet concept is open, I was in it yesterday, it's blowing it away. It's about finding the right retail concepts for the locations that we're in. But the mall business is a different business and it won't be for us.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just one last question. Out at Santana, I don't know if Jeff is on, but the rents you're achieving on Lot 8B, the new residential units out there, what do the rents you're achieving either in dollar terms or dollars per square foot tell you about the potential for the in-place residential authority there? Is there sort of an embedded upside? Do you see them sort of revealing that to you?
James M. Taylor: Yes, Jeff, we have and continue to see a really strong demand across all the product here. You look at Misora, and clearly that's the top of the market, the newest, freshest stuff, which is getting rents north of $3 a foot. And if you remember, too, we still have a fair number of units were built now nearly 10 years ago. And those units are very well occupied and we've been able to drive rents in that product as well. Given the success at Levare, given the success of Misora, you'll see us next year and probably trickling into '16 look at doing some upgrades on our older product to capture that rent potential.
Donald C. Wood: Jeff, let me add one more, a little bit more color to it. We're taking this call right know, the whole management team is at Santana. We're sitting in a conference room there because our board meeting was out here over the last couple of days. And I was going through Misora yesterday. I was going through it with the residential-leasing person, who has been here 10 years. She lives here. And she basically -- she blew me away. She could sell anything because she knows the place so well. She knows the 3 or 4 different residential type products that we have here. She is amazingly optimistic, based on what is happening with the Street and what's happening in the economy together, and it really does get to the point. If you haven't been to Santana in a while, take a trip. It's really compelling. And what it really does say is in these type of projects, if you do them right, if you continue to work them, the benefit, the premium to live here or to office here is -- it's real. We did just sign an office lease here with Avalon Bay.
James M. Taylor: We're 100% leased in our office space.
Donald C. Wood: And Avalon Bay is putting their west -- I think it's their western region headquarters here. A very strong market number to be here. It's all here because of the environment. It really works if you do it right. The upside continues.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason White with Green Street Advisors.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Just a question, follow-up on Phase II of Pike & Rose. I was wondering how you walk through the -- I know it's a cohesive project and it's hard to strip things out, but when you look at the hotel and -- I was just trying to figure out how you underwrite those and what some of the assumptions are, and just how you get comfortable with adding those various moving pieces to this project?
Donald C. Wood: Yes. Jason, it's a very good question, and I'm going to let Jimmy go through specifics with you in a minute if that's helpful. But the basic concept, we're putting together these environments, there's no question in our mind that it is the mix of uses working together that creates the upside at a premium above what normally happens with these uses separately. A vibrant hotel in the middle of one of these projects is a clear, clear positive. Now, we're not in the hotel business, so we need to figure out how to underwrite it and how to mitigate that risk. And I'm going to talk about that with the structure in a second. The same thing on for-sale housing. We're not in the for-sale housing business per se. But to the extent, we could, on a risk-adjusted basis, include those elements into the overall basic business of retail and renting apartments that we think we do pretty darn well, we really enhance the ability to get paid on the other uses. So it does come down to the structure of the uses that we don't know as well. And I'll let Jimmy take it from there.
James M. Taylor: Yes. Jason, when you consider, as Don highlighted in his remarks, our investment in the hotel of approximately $5 million, that's in a venture with Buccini/Pollin, who is one of Hilton's leading developers, very well-established and successful hotel developer and operator. But what we thought was important is that we do get to participate through this investment, which is in a preferred structure, in the ultimate success of the hotel, which we think it will be very successful given the lack of truly comparable product in Montgomery County. But in terms of its relative investment in the overall project, it's smaller for the -- some of the reasons that your questions imply. But we're excited and we think it will fit well within what we're delivering.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's very helpful. And then, I guess, one other question on your Assembly resi that Assembly -- or that Avalon is working on right now. I think they disclosed some leasing velocity in their earnings announcement. Looked like the prior period had really good velocity and then this last period had weaker-than-expected velocity. Is there anything going on there that's unique or maybe you can talk about your thoughts on Phase II, adding resi yourself based on their experience so far?
Donald C. Wood: The overall experience on resi up there clearly has me envious. And when I take a look at any -- there is no trend in a month here or a quarter here, et cetera, with respect to leasing velocity. The -- it's Boston and the season is changing. And so I'm sure that's part of what's happening in that second building. Remember, they had 2 buildings there. The first one is done. And so you saw that initial lease-up in that first building that was really spectacular and, as I said, makes me a little envious. The second building that is there is really just being delivered and just getting started now. So I would expect them to have nothing to worry about as you get into next year. But it's certainly not because of a strong in one period and then weaker in the next. If you were there, and you kind of saw how it played out, you would understand our optimism. When we fit out and we think about the next phase that we're talking about right now, we do expect residential, as we've said in the past, additional residential in that second phase. We absolutely believe that market will be very deep for residential demand. And so there'll be some phase of residential. But we want that streak to be longer. We want the retail environment to be deeper than it is today. And even what it is today is outperforming what we had in terms of expectations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Morgan with MLV.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: The Mountain View deal, I just wanted to follow that a little bit more. I'm sure we'll hear more about it in the future, but can you just give a little color -- I mean, also congratulations on that. Obviously, there's the big mixed-use project right next to it. How -- I mean, how do you see that as an investment? I mean, what's your, kind of, short-term versus longer-term plans there and the opportunity for densifying that?
Donald C. Wood: Take it, Jeff.
Jeffrey S. Berkes: Yes. I mean, Paul, you know the area real well and obviously you know the property next door that was developed by Ramone and Guirre [ph] that was built at a much, much higher density level than the property we're acquiring. And they've got a second phase to do there where they're going to add more residential and more office space. So that whole node is just kind of the heart of Silicon Valley right now, if you will. And short term we've got some -- a little bit of leasing to do at the property. There's a couple of vacancies. But we'll be working with the City of Mountain View to set the property up long term to match what's going on in the rest of the neighborhood. Obviously we have existing leases that we have to deal with. So the timing of all that is not clear and could be out there a ways. But as we've experienced in the rest of our portfolio, you never know when things like that will change. And if they do we'll be in a position to take advantage of it because it's just an outstanding location. It's like Jim said, close to Caltrain, not far from Google's headquarters, it's right at the corner of where Los Altos, Palo Alto and Mountain View meet. So location couldn't be better.
Donald C. Wood: Paul, I have to tell you one other thing. How many times are we talking about building what it is that we do in the mixed-use basis and then having all the adjacent landlords effectively benefit as a result of that, and God, if we only knew more. Here we are in a situation where it's reversed. And I think you know Ramone and Guirre [ph] out here. These guys do a great job. And they've done a fine job in their first phase. They will, I assume, be able to continue and finish that up, as Jeff had said. And that can only be great news for the benefit to that -- north of the property that we are adjacent to.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Right. And now going to the other coast, with the metro now going to Tyson's and kind of Pike 7 is still sitting there in your long-term redevelopment pipeline, have you spent a lot of time there since the metro opening? Thoughts on what might happen over the next couple of years at Pike 7?
Donald C. Wood: Yes. There's a number -- there's a lot of things we're thinking about. It is awesome to have the metro going there. We're watching numbers, by the way, month by month to see what's playing out. As I think I've said here in the past, we didn't want to be first to the game at Pike 7. What was really needed in that community was a nice big parking lot in front of a traditional shopping center. And that's worked out really well for us. As you see it grow now and as we'll be -- as we're looking at it, we do have adjacent property owners, and ironically Avalon is one of them, in the back, that if we put those 2 pieces together might be even a more compelling type of project going forward. We don't know whether there will be a deal there, but it's one of the things we're looking at. If not, simply on the existing property, because of where that metro stop stops, there will clearly be more density, but we can't tell you too much more about that yet. We've still got some years left in the leases that are there.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly on -- a bigger picture has been a ramp-up in M&A recently in the space and you've, over the years, explored opportunities. And just wondering if -- the retail REITs have made a lot of progress, a lot of them over the past number of years, at pruning their portfolios, making them higher-quality, whether you think that as those programs get closer to fruition we might see kind of a continued stream of M&A and whether you think that it might get more appetizing for you, looking at other companies, given that they're making this progress?
Donald C. Wood: Always possible, but I wouldn't count on it. When you think about capital allocation decisions, which is certainly what that is, in the biggest way, it's fantastic to be able to have controlled lands and controlled opportunities that we've got for years and years to come. So sure, if something were compelling, I know I've been looking for 15 years, I know I haven't found anything in a significant way that's compelling. So underwrite that low.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Christy McElroy.
Katy McConnell: This is Katy McConnell, on for Christy. Just another follow up on Pike & Rose. How are you thinking about the timing of construction and delivery of each of the different components for Phase II?
James M. Taylor: As you think about Phase II, we're really looking at late 2016, early 2017 delivery. Much larger retail component in that phase, Katy. And from a staging perspective we're going to be delivering more of that concurrently so that we continue the Main Street, Grand Park Avenue there following on what we're doing in Phase I. So we -- in Phase I, of course, we'll be delivering Pallas, a high-rise residential building, middle of next year, and then obviously working towards the delivery of Building 6 and 7, some of the ancillary retail buildings on the street again for later delivery in 2016 and early 2017.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Peterson with Sandler O'Neill.
Ryan Peterson: Just wanted to get your thoughts on the -- where you're at in the South Florida market with cap rates continuing to compress there. Are you guys thinking about increasing your scale or is -- any thoughts changed on how you're handling that market?
Donald C. Wood: No. No thought to change. In fact, I'd love to increase our scale there with the right type of products. But as you say, it's hard to make deals that make sense. We've said, I don't know if you heard in the prepared remarks that I went through, but I really did try to highlight Tower Shops just outside of Fort Lauderdale because of demand exceeding supply on the -- on that -- in that particular node, on that type of property, a large property. And we'd love to have a few more of those. There's a couple of things that we're looking at right now. But prices are high, so it's got to make some sense for us.
Ryan Peterson: Okay. And then one other question on a different note. A lot of your peers over the past couple of days have talked about mall tenants and outlet tenants coming into some of their centers. Just wanted to get your general thoughts on whether you think those kind of outlet versus full-priced tenants and whether they can coexist in the same centers together?
Donald C. Wood: There's no question in my mind they can. There's no question in my mind. Now, listen, every retailer has got their business plan. And certainly, when you talk about those outlet tenants, we just have experienced at Westgate. Nike will be there with Gap. Gap will be there with J.Crew. They clearly like to work together. But in that center, which also has a big Target, which has Ross, which has Old Navy, which has Burlington Coat, which has Nordstrom Rack, when you think of how they all work together -- there are also full priced small shop tenants in there. It can work together. But it depends on the particular environment and really what their choices are in the marketplace. If you've got a hole in the market, there's much more openness to be able to -- from those retailers to be able to do a deal where historically they weren't.
James M. Taylor: Yes. And it's really all about location in that area, right? There's 200,000 people within 3 miles of Westgate. And Westgate is not that far from Santana Row and Valley Fair, which is the dominant full price shopping there, in this trade area. Yet we've been successful positioning Westgate to be the value alternative. And you can't do that everywhere, You can only do that where you've got this kind of population density and $100,000 a year average household income in that 3-mile radius. So it is very location-dependent. Just keep that in mind as you think through that across the country.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Lucas with Capital One Securities.
Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: Don, just maybe if you could give us a little bit of feel for how you're thinking about the new apartment project at Phase II at Pike & Rose relative to PerSei and Pallas and sort of how you're thinking about the market niche that that particular building will be looking to penetrate?
Donald C. Wood: Yes. It's a great question and I did say, somewhere along the line in this call earlier, I was talking about Santana and the 3 very -- 3 or 4 very different types of products here and how they work together and aspirationally help. A resident who comes into one of our products looks to -- if they like where the environment is, they'd love to step up to something a little bit more expensive or move it along as they go. When you think about Pike & Rose, the PerSei building that we're leasing up very well now there is a -- it's a luxury product but it's not the high-rise. The high-rise is a different type of living experience and that's what the -- that's the next thing up. When you get to the second phase and we look at the product that's going there, it will be right on the street. It will be right in the center of the product. It will be directly across the street from the hotel and condos on top of that hotel with retail. So it will be in the center of the action. Some people like that; some people don't like that. The ability to create enough balance between different product types on the entire site is the key to making it all work out. So while they're similar, they're located differently, they feel a little bit differently, their height is different. But it's all going to be upper-middle product, if you will.
Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, and maybe just taking a step back on the demand, and really the lease terms that you're writing for leases today versus maybe a year ago, where is the -- where are the escalators running at this point for your small shop space?
Donald C. Wood: It depends. I mean, we target and we get in over half of our leases 3% bumps. 3% annual bumps is a big deal. Does everybody try to stop and negotiate, too, or something different? Of course they do. But in the small shops, in well-anchored shopping centers that we have, we're still largely able to get that. That hasn't changed very much at all. The biggest push from tenants, the biggest change over the years, and it's something that we think about and work on hard, is the capital requirements. There is no doubt that any well-capitalized tenant -- anybody who doesn't need money wants money from the landlord. And so we battle that. It's not nearly as much as the bumps, at least from my perspective, as it is the capital contribution. And we're not going to invest in anybody who we don't see a future in. So that's partly a credit decision, too. Big part.
Operator: I'm not showing any further questions. I would now like to turn the call back to Brittany Schmelz for any closing remarks.
Brittany Schmelz: Thank you, everyone, for joining us. We look forward to seeing you next week at NAREIT.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect and everyone have a great day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kristina Lennox -  Donald C. Wood - Chief Executive Officer, President and Trustee James M. Taylor - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Dawn M. Becker - Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel, Executive Vice President and Secretary Christopher J. Weilminster - Executive Vice President of Real Estate & Leasing and Member of Investment Committee James Taylor - 
Analysts: Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Samir Khanal - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Kristina Lennox, you may begin.
Kristina Lennox : Good morning. And I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dawn Becker, Jim Taylor, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster, and Melissa Solis. These and other members of our management team are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial conditions and results of operation. These documents are available on our website at www.federalrealty.com. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our second quarter 2014 results. Don?
Donald C. Wood: Thanks, Kristina, and good morning, everybody. The 2014 second quarter and the few weeks that followed to today have been among the most consequential in our long history. In addition to producing FFO per share of $1.23, nearly 8% better than last year's quarter and the best quarter we've ever reported in 50-plus years, the progress that we've made in negotiating all sorts of deals that position us for years of net asset value accretion company wide was substantial. In a few minutes, Jim's going to talk about our reported results for the quarter. I'd like to talk to you today about deals and issues this quarter that in my view, set us up really well for creating incremental value in the future and got us started with a dividend increase. It's the combination of continued and consistent financial performance from the core that results in pretty significant taxable income growth, coupled with our bullish expectations for the future, given our development pipeline. That gives us the confidence to increase our quarterly dividend by $0.09 a share, more than we originally estimated and more than before. The result was a 12% increase in the annualized dividend rate from $3.12 a share to $3.48 per share, the 47th year in a row of dividend increases. Nobody in REIT land can touch that record. And we wouldn't do that without some very positive initial signals about the success of the first phases of our major development projects. Let me address that for a minute. There's little doubt that the initial phase of new retail or mixed-use destinations carry risks that's higher than subsequent phases because for varying degrees, they require proof-of-concepts. Whether it's a new location, a new merchandising mix or the pure number of new leases to be executed. Of course, not every new development is equally risky. And as we've talked about on previous calls and in other investor venues, we go to long lengths to mitigate initial phase risks by building on proven retail locations, by project phasing, by preleasing as much as possible and by executing GMP contracts. But there's still initial phases and their successful execution is the key to decades-long continuation of additional value creation. So if the first phases are successful, future phases are far less risky. They're more predictable, sometimes, they carry higher yields. There's no better example than at Santana Row where as of today, the $75 million Misora residential project is 97%, 98% leased with average rents of $3 a foot. It will generate nearly $6 million of operating income in the first 12 stabilized months of operation, and it's likely worth twice what it costs to build. Now I don't think it's a stretch to think that without the success of the initial phases of Santana Row, neither the income generated from Misora, nor with the cap rate used to value it would be nearly as robust as they are. And while it's still too early to say definitively that the first phases of Assembly Row and Pike & Rose are unmitigated successes, the early signs are good, with the following status update for each project. Let me start at Assembly. We opened the first 13 tenants in Phase 1 on Memorial Day weekend, including Anchor's LEGOLAND Discovery Center, AMC theaters, Saks Off Fifth and Nike Outlets. We've opened 11 more since and we expect to open 14 more by the end of this quarter, for a total of 38 tenants on our way to 90% retail occupancy by year-end. We're nearly fully leased. LEGOLAND Discovery Center exceeded their own projections by over 30% in the first month of operations and they're drawing patrons from well in excess of 100 miles away. AMC theaters have increased sales each month they've been open, and now exceed all but one of their 19 theaters in the Boston MSA. Saks has significantly increased their stabilized sales plan due to their strong opening. And Nike is consistently trending ahead of plan so far. Perhaps most encouraging, our adjacent power center, called Assembly Square Marketplace, has experienced double-digit increases in sales since the first tenants began opening in the mixed use center. And the office building whose construction trails the balance of Phase 1 by a couple of months, would come to terms with their first tenant who will take 25,000 of that 100,000 square foot building, expect more as the T-stop opens and the property begins to fill up. The T-stop, by the way, is on track, pardon the pun, to open this fall. On the other end of the site, Partners HealthCare is on schedule to begin construction later this month, that's right, in August. And it's planned to bring 4,700-plus workers to the site in as much as 900,000 square feet of space beginning in 2016. We envision the service retail contemplated as part of the Partners construction to be part of a broader Assembly Row second phase that we're crunching numbers on now. Retail demand and interest for our second phase appears very strong. So as it relates to Assembly and all mixed use developments for that matter, we know that it's a building and a maturation process that takes time to become a real and necessary part of the greater Boston community, but our initial ability to drive lots of people to the site with a limited tenant offering, with no operating T-stop and no Partners complex yet, in this very densely populated market, it's really encouraging. Sure seems like there's lots of value to add here. Now at Pike & Rose. Beginning this quarter, we've received our certificate of occupancy for, per se, the first of 2 residential buildings of the project and we currently have 60 families living there. That 174 unit building is already more than 50% leased on the residential side and nearly 100% leased in terms of the ground floor retail. Retail occupancy is on schedule and all of Phase 1 to begin this fall. The second residential building called Pallas is a 319-unit, 19-story highrise, which will be delivered next spring. That building, like the rest of Phase 1, remains on time and on budget. We also announced last month that we signed Bank of America Merrill Lynch to 40,000 square feet of office at our pro forma rents in this first phase, securing half of the available office product. Merrill will occupy in 2015 and demand for the balance of the space is strong. Like Assembly, our Phase 1 experience is encouraging in all facets: retail, residential and office. And accordingly, we're moving closer to a go on Phase 2 at Pike & Rose and hope to provide you cost, return and timing expectations on our next quarterly call. Our work to date on Phase 2, imagine the continuation of the spine of the project. Our main retail street called Grand Park Avenue, along with up to 3 ancillary buildings, which together, would add nearly 200,000 feet of retail. Approximately 250 rental apartments, 100 for sale condominiums, which sit above 150-room lifestyle-oriented hotel is also part of that phase. And then let's go to the West Coast. With the effective completion of Misora, we're anxious to move forward the next piece of Santana Row development during the continuing strong office environment, Silicon Valley in general, Santana Row specifically. While we call the building 11 site, it will be recognized by those of you who know Santana Row as the surface parking lot at the corner of Winchester Boulevard and Olson at the southern end of the property adjacent to the CinArts Movie Theater. It's a great site. It's easily accessible at Interstates 280 and 880 with Santana Row amenities that are very highly sought after. Space needs are growing rapidly in the valley and the nature of tech makes the timeframe required to prelease before building problematic. Accordingly, we expect to be under construction this fall with a 225,000 square foot 6-story Class A office building, along with nearly 670 parking spaces and a garage below the building that will complement existing retail parking nights and weekends. Total cost is estimated $115 million with a range of expected rents that'll put the stabilized yield in the 7.5% to 8.5% range. In Southern California, construction of the $80 million Point Lifestyle Center in El Segundo moves along without drama and as anticipated, on time and on budget. Also, given the large developments that we have underway, it's sometimes easy to forget that we have an additional $100 million of taxable redevelopment underway at centers like Tower Shops and Davie, Florida, Mercer Mall in New Jersey, and Westgate Center in San Jose, California. On average, this $100 million is being deployed at incremental returns in excess of 10% and an integral part of the strategic plan that we laid out for you at Investor Day last fall. And while we don't have acquisitions to report on for this call, it is very likely that we will by year-end, as 2 separate projects are under our control as we speak with due diligence and administrative documentation underway. I think I'll stop there in terms of my prepared remarks and just want to end by expressing my enthusiasm for both our continued strong core results quarter-after-quarter, as well as with the delivery of some of the finest retail mix-used product available anywhere. Now let me turn it over to Jim for his remarks on the quarter before we open the line to your questions.
James M. Taylor: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. The FFO per share of $1.23 represented yet another quarterly record for the trust and exceeded the FFO achieved in the second quarter of last year by 8%. Impressively, our team continued to deliver these bottom line results while also achieving significant strategic milestones and future value creation. As Don just provided some great insight into how these milestones demonstrate the execution of our strategic plan, I will focus on the foundation for all of this value creation, our core portfolio. On the leasing front, we signed 128 leases for a total of 623,000 square feet of retail space. This quarterly volume represents a record for the trust. And despite a large proportion of anchor deals, we achieved an average rent of $35.83. Now go back to over several quarters as I've emphasized with many of you, and you'll see that we are achieving average rents in the low- to mid-30s over in place rents that average in the mid-20s. It's clear an indication as any of the embedded growth that remains in our in-place leases. In more detail, of the 128 leases signed this quarter, 109 were for comparable space and 19 related to newly built space primarily at Assembly, Pike & Rose and The Point. Of the 109 comparable deals, we achieved an average cash rollover growth of 16% or 30% on a straight-line basis. The average cash rollover growth for new deals was 30% and for renewals was 8%. Simply put, these results underscore the strength of our real estate and importantly, the strength of our leasing, operations, legal and tenant coordination team responsible for delivering these types of outstanding results quarter-after-quarter and year-after-year. From a portfolio perspective, we ended the quarter at 95.3% leased and 94.3% occupied, both down sequential -- or both down slightly on a sequential basis due primarily to a Kohl's lease expiration on Long Island that we expect to backfill at better economics in terms for the trust. As mentioned on previous calls, we do expect additional anchor vacancy on a rollover basis in the next quarter that we backfilled with better long-term deals. Now turning to our financial results. Total revenue for the company grew at 6%. This increase was driven primarily by rollover and contractural rent growth versus occupancy gains, as well as the successful integration of acquisitions and the delivery of Misora at Santana. Our overall operating margin remained strong at 69.9% despite the investment as Don has highlighted, of marketing dollars for our new development projects. Overall, property operating income grew at 5.2%. On a same center basis, we grew 4%, excluding redevelopment and 4.2% with it. Again, none of which was due to occupancy gains. G&A remains essentially flat as we've maintained strict control on expenses and net interest expense decreased over $3.9 million due primarily to lower overall borrowing rates that we achieved through refinancing. We look forward to achieving additional interest savings benefit as we refinance expensive near-term debt. Bottom line, our FFO per share grew at 8%. All while we max funded our development activity to keep our balance sheet strong, and as discussed in previous quarters, overcame earnings drag associated with delivering all of this new value creation. Turning to the balance sheet. During the quarter, we accessed the ATM for $52 million at a weighted average price of $119.66 per share. We also repaid $24 million of secured mortgages, including our share of JV debt. We ended the quarter with nothing drawn on our line of credit and $41 million of cash, importantly providing us plenty of capacity to fund our remaining development activity, including the newly announced building at Santana Row. Our debt to market cap improved to 22% and our debt-to-EBITDA decreased to 5.3x, while our fixed charge coverage improved to 3.8x. From a capital recycling perspective, subsequent to quarter end, we sold our Pleasant Shops asset in the Boston MSA that we owned in partnership with Clarion at a mid floor cap rate for a total sales price of $34 million. From an acquisition perspective, we do remain active as Don highlighted and have 2 assets under control that are subject to third-party consent. We are pleased that these assets would draw in our existing core markets who are sourced directly. And as Don highlighted, we'll provide more detail on the coming months. Now turning to outlook. We have increased our 2014 FFO guidance range to $4.90 to $4.94 per share, an increase of $0.025 at the midpoint from our prior guidance of $4.86 to $4.93. This guidance is typical. It does not include the impact of any acquisitions that we may complete later in the year. The increased guidance here is largely driven by the continued strength in our core portfolio, which continues to drive organic growth without occupancy gains, as well as the accelerated lease up of Misora. As discussed on our last call, we expect our occupancy to remain lower during the latter part of the year as we roll larger anchor spaces. This rollover and associated downtime as we replace these tenants will cause some drag on our same-store numbers, particularly in the third quarter. However, the strength of the quarter will continue to be our largest driver of growth this year. From a timing perspective, we began delivery of approximately $350 million of development and redevelopment this year, and expect to deliver another $200 million of investment associated with these initial phases of Pike & Rose and Assembly in 2015. We are on time and on budget. These deliveries include the following: our $75 million investment in Misora which stabilized this month to 97% leased, well ahead of schedule; buildings 11 and 12 at Pike & Rose, which represent approximately $125 million of investment, began opening in phases this quarter and we expect will stabilize in 2015; building 10, our 319-unit residential building in the Office, which collectively represent approximately $150 million of investment, will open mid-next year and stabilize in 2016; Phase 1 in retail of Assembly Row, which represents another hundred -- which represents $150 million of investment, will continue to open through the third quarter and stabilize in 2015 and '16, as tenants report a full year of sales; the Office, which represents approximately $50 million of investment, will deliver in 2015 and also stabilize in '16. As Don highlighted in his remarks, these projects are substantially leased and will bring us significant value both in the near term, as well as over time. I'd like to conclude my remarks with an observation about the fundamental goal of our business plan, which is the delivery of a steadily increasing stream of cash flow. This quarter's announced dividend increase of nearly 12% not only represented the 47th consecutive and largest absolute increase as Don highlighted, it also reflects several years of careful stewardship for underlying growth and taxable income drives the growth in current return delivered to our shareholders. By managing to our minimum payout and maintaining a conservative payout ratio, we help ensure the continuation of our industry-leading record. With that, operator, I'd like to now turn the call over to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly of Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: It looks like you might close to breaking ground on that 100-unit residential projects in Cowson [ph]. I think [indiscernible] residential what really [indiscernible] foreseeable residential only projects, I mean, and I guess could you be paid to sell the entitlements without executing on the construction?
Donald C. Wood: Jeff, you cut out a little bit, but let me -- I think I got the gist of your question. The answer is, no. We do not anticipate future residential only projects where we don't have a retail bulkhead or beachhead there. In the case of Cowson, that was a piece of land that we acquired. I think -- didn't we get that with White Marsh?
Dawn M. Becker: We did.
Donald C. Wood: Back with the White Marsh portfolio and it was kind of a throw in, if you will, in that transaction. And heck, if there's any piece of land that's sitting with the company that has the opportunity to be able to create some value, we're all over it. So that's why that one got out. That's an outlier because in the nature of how we accumulate property, we don't normally have exit plans. So that was just a little piece that came with White Marsh. That's why we're doing that one.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Could it be economical for you guys to sell it without pursuing the developments [ph] at this point?
Donald C. Wood: It's really something that, I've got to tell you, we're getting pretty good at. In terms of these small residential projects, whether they're at the back of Congressional Plaza or even up in Boston where we did one last year. So we're very comfortable in our ability to do it. That's why we would do that, with the team all ready to do it.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just, I'm curious the lease permit use and redevelopment projects, what's the leasing pace like of what I'd guess, I'd call your bread-and-butter properties? Can you guys see that change in the overall pent-up demand for space or the velocity of leasing? I guess, I'm more focused on the pace [indiscernible]
Donald C. Wood: I think I got you. You really are coming in now. I think you're asking about Small Shop pace in the core portfolio. [indiscernible] a little strong, but let me turn it over to Chris Weilminster to see if he has anything to add to that.
Christopher J. Weilminster: Yes, I think the tenants are still -- they're still remembering what happened in 2009 and '10. I think they've all got more sophisticated in every transaction has hair on the deal and it's much harder to accomplish. So we work much harder to keep up the trends that you're seeing. So although, Don, it is bullish, I think you see that in our numbers. We're performing well with our numbers, but it's very hard to accomplish each one of those deals.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Samir Khanal of ISI Group.
Samir Khanal - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Sorry, if I missed this, but I know the other property income line was up at around $4.3 million. I think that may have been kind of the highest since 2012. I'm wondering if there are any kind of term fees involved in that?
Donald C. Wood: There is $1 million-or-so of term fees in there, $1.5-plus million.
James Taylor: About $1 million of term fees, and that's really behind most of the increase. In terms of the pace of term fees for the year, we're kind of consistent with what we expect every year. And the $3 million to $4 million, if you go back and you look at the kind of the 10-year average.
Samir Khanal - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And did that have -- I mean, how much of an impact did that have on, I guess, same-store NOI growth? Probably not much, right?
James M. Taylor: It was beneficial again, but offset by a few other items.
Donald C. Wood: Yes. I need you to understand this. I know I probably say this each time but it's really important to me. When you look at what our business is and what we do, I know as an analyst, you like to parse out term fees or look at even growth with and without redevelopment, which we do break out, and I'm sorry I ever agreed to that back in 2005 or whenever. Our business includes redevelopment of the core and it includes writing strong contracts so that we have leverage to the extent we need to move tenants around. And that's where you get term fees. It's a key part of what it is that we do. Some quarters, it helps the same-store growth, some quarters it hurts the same-store growth numbers. It's on average, but what it is for, again, what we expected it for this year. But I know you love to break it out, but I really am going to implore again, it's part and parcel of what our business is. And that's why it's important to have in there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller of JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just wondering, if we're thinking about Assembly and Pike & Rose, what are the milestones that you're kind of looking for or waiting for before you actually announce Phase 2s? Is it the time of Phase 1, the leasing percentages of the Phase 1s? Or preleasing of Phase 2? Or something else?
Donald C. Wood: It's all of those things, Mike. It's complicated. The other side that you didn't talk about was getting the numbers locked down in Phase 2. And that means not just estimating construction costs. And we take a lot of pride in basically saying on time and on budget. A lot of time and a lot of pride in that. And I'm not ready with the numbers I've seen yet to be able to confidently be able to say that we'll be on time and on budget in those Phase 2s. And so that's the biggest, single biggest thing in terms of when we're ready to announce the next phase. Frankly, with respect to the lease-up of the first phases of both of them, our leasing team, and Chris is here and can probably add a little bit more color to it, we're leasing Phase 2 now on both of them. As obviously, every retailer knows that they're not approved deals yet, but that level of demand that allows him to have more conversations about Phase 2 leasing at this point, is one of the single biggest reasons we're still bullish that there will be Phase 2 on both of those. But you know, Mike, again, until we're comfortable that we can get a real good handle on what that income statement is going to be and measure that against what it costs us to build it, I'm not going to officially announce it. So that's the real milestone.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then you mentioned the likelihood of 2 acquisitions at some point this year. Can you give us a rough dollar amount of what that could be?
Donald C. Wood: It was in the number, it was out of the number. We pull it in, we put it out, and I'll tell you exactly why. There's 2 acquisitions. One's roughly 50. The other one's roughly 200. So the acquisition choices for what we will have this year are 0, 50, 200 or 250. So that's not to be cute, but one's the big one, one's the smaller one. And at the end of the day, while we've got both of them under control, we're still going to due diligence. I want to make sure that we're getting what we've paid for, and if we're not, we ain't doing it. So that's kind of where we are.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And then last question. I think you said it was a mid 4 cap on the Pleasant Shop Sale. What type of buyer was that?
James M. Taylor: It's a petitional operating company.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: A few questions here. First, I mean, while we're on the topic of the acquisitions, are you expecting to fund these with this disposition proceeds, line of credit, or are you thinking about ATM or equity?
James M. Taylor: Alex, I'll have to tell you, it's a little bit everything. We've got some OP units in the mix, some will be assumption of debt and there will be some cash components to it. So it's a little bit of a mix of everything.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then, Jim, while you're talking, if you can put on your old banker hat. You've got light maturities in 2019 and 2021. You also spoke about looking to refi some near-term expense of debt. Are you of the type who wants to fill in vacancy, low points on your maturity schedule? Or you prefer just to do push that up out as far as you can like your standard 10-year or maybe even contemplate doing longer issuance?
James M. Taylor: I have to say, it depends on the environment that you're in. And if you think about where we are right now, with the 30-year, and frankly, the flatness in the curve, I think the responsible thing is to push things out as far as you can. So rather than looking to neatly fill a particular hole in the maturity profile, which we always have an eye on. I think right now, our bias is to go longer and improve our average weighted tenure.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then just finally on the Clarion JV. Is this -- is the Weymouth disposition the start of the wind down, should we expect this venture to be liquidating in the near term? Or was this just a one-off sale and we shouldn't expect any other dispositions from that JV?
James M. Taylor: I think, at this point, you should think about it as a one-off. We have a great partnership with Clarion and I think we both concluded that it was time to harvest this particular asset.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao of Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just sticking with that. I was just curious, at the mid 4 cap rate, what was the -- what was your sort of growth expectations for that asset over the next couple of years?
James M. Taylor: Yes, we did see some growth in the asset below kind of where we would want for an asset in our portfolio, but nothing exceptional. Good quality assets, no doubt, but I think the most important thing from a data point perspective is that you're seeing a lot of capital chasing higher quality assets. And this was a competitive process and I think the pricing here indicative of what really sophisticated institutions are willing to pay for higher-quality real estate.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just on the acquisition side. Just curious, I know it's not been a focus for you guys, but curious what you're thinking about the Houston market these days. Is that something that might be of more interest to you?
Donald C. Wood: I wonder why you ask that, Vince?
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I have no idea. I'm just looking at holes in your portfolio. I'm thinking, well, it's a good market. If something happened to be available, what do you think of the market? That's all.
Donald C. Wood: Yes, that's a very good question. I can tell you that we've talked about it around here. You probably will not see us involved in what you're referring to, okay? So let me get that off the table right now. But having said that, I like Texas. And I think Texas, frankly, we're in the middle of kind of figuring out whether kind of the historical boom bust nature of that market is something more in the past and whether it will be more of a stabilized market going in the future, particularly Houston that way. But if we did conclude that we want to get in it, we would do it in such a way that wouldn't -- it would be a great asset, or 2 or 3 or 5 that we were looking at there, and it's probably not going to be with this transaction.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And maybe just one last one. Just in terms of the Chris Cole relationship, just curious how or what is turning up in the New York, New Jersey market for you?
Donald C. Wood: Well, I'll tell you. First of all, just big picture. Everything that we expected, we're getting and more. And Chris is partnering up with a couple of key members of our existing team and they will be doing, for example, the Darien redevelopment, which is coming along pretty nicely in terms of where we are in paper and some early conversations with Stop & Shop and CVS and don't know whether we get to where we need to get. But nonetheless, you should have seen the face I got from Weilminster when that came through. But those conversations are starting to yield some possibilities. And again, that's a Chris Cole coupled with existing federal or historical federal people team to put that together, so love that. They've also looking harder to our Brick asset in Brick Township, which is a big asset for us that kind of was on the periphery in terms of how it's been running out of Philadelphia. And now with that local presence, I think we're going to see some pretty good positive stuff coming out of there over the next few years. So that relationship, the acquisition, the entire package there basically 1 year in, is looking real good.
James M. Taylor: And then I would say that in terms of ancillary investment opportunities, Chris has been great there as well. So we couldn't be more pleased with that partnership.
Donald C. Wood: Now he wants everything, and he's not going to get his way, but he's working hard.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan of MLV & Co.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Could you just -- you've talked about the junior anchor transitions and the third quarter impact. I was just wondering if you can maybe quantify where you think occupancy might end up. Is it going to be a third quarter and into the fourth quarter and year-end impact? And the same-store NOI, is this a 50 basis point, 100 basis point? I mean, just a little bit of detail on what we should expect, given kind of what you know is going to happen in the third quarter?
James M. Taylor: I don't want to provide specific guidance in the quarter as a lot of it, Paul, as you know, is driven by timing, rent commencements and other things, which sometimes move around by a week or 2 and that can have a significant impact. But I did want, and I'm glad you raised it, I did want to highlight that we do expect some drag from this anchor vacancy in the quarter and it could be 10, 20, 40, 50 basis points or more on the same-store impact, but don't want to try to put too tight a range on that at this point because we still have a good bit of a quarter ahead of us.
Donald C. Wood: Paul, and Jim is right but it sounded a little too fluffy for me so I want to add something to it. Nothing's draconian. So don't -- I mean, we're 94%, 94.5%, 95% occupied portfolio, it's a damn good portfolio. And even though we'll have some boxes that we're working through to create some additional value on, it's still going to be in that range. It's not -- nothing's falling off the cliff or I don't want you to -- it's really -- what we don't want you to do is to consider big occupancy improvements over that period of time since that really still is the name of the game in a lot of our competitors, and it's still being talked about a lot that we are fully occupied, generally. So that's, to me, what you should expect from us.
James M. Taylor: The other element of that, Paul, is the fact that we are aggressively getting after space, even ahead of what the ordinary maturity profile would suggest. It's something we've always done and what you're seeing happen over these quarters, clearly is with a view towards getting better long-term deals in place.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Okay. Understood. And the impact though, is pretty much concentrated in the third quarter or did you already absorb some of the move outs in the second quarter?
James M. Taylor: We did in the second quarter, but it's more heavily weighted to the back-end of the year.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then at Pike & Rose Phase 2, I know you're going to provide more detail over the next couple of quarters, but just maybe a little bit of a window there. How are you thinking about whether you're going to do all of the Phase 2 yourself on the -- particularly on the resi side and whether kind of your experiences at PerSei, have had any impact on that and quantifying a little bit any...
Donald C. Wood: That's very -- it's a very good question. And, yes, the experiences at PerSei have made us more bullish. What's really interesting, the bottom line is on these type of projects, it is really, really hard to get paid up top, whether it's resi or office or hotel or whatever. It's very hard to get paid for what we think the value is because we know what happens as these properties mature. And I think we're seeing it at Assembly now. I mean, as far as we can tell, the rents that Avalon is achieving are above where we forecast them at the time we were negotiating the price. And so it's very, very hard for either a residential developer or an office developer to basically pay up based on the plans that we have seen happened in places like Santana. And so it's probable, and when it's just 3 miles down from our -- on the map from our major office, that we'll do it ourselves. Now that's different when it comes to big office development, but on the resi side, we're pretty confident.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: And should we think of the yields as being a little bit better even because you've done a fair amount of the infrastructure work that's kind of burdening Phase 1 or is that...
James M. Taylor: I mean, that's exactly, Paul, what we're working through right now. I can tell you they look about the same at this point. So I'm pounding a little harder on the construction numbers and that kind of stuff. That we will have a clearer picture as we lease more in PerSei, and then even start leasing up in Pallas, the bigger building there. But I'd love to say that second phase yields will be dramatically better than the first phase. I don't think we're underwriting -- not I don't think, we're not. It's going to be underwriting them as significantly better but yet, still very, very good and profitable vis-a-vis acquisition of...
James M. Taylor: Not only that, great on an absolute basis. The other thing to highlight, much different from a risk profile standpoint as Don highlighted earlier, as the first phase is in and we're moving forward with greater tenant demand in a proven location as evidenced by the residents that are already beginning to move in.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy of Citi.
Unknown Analyst: This is Katie McConnell [ph] on for Christy. Can you talk about some of the volatility in your renewal spreads over the last 4 quarters and what might be a good run rate over the next year?
James M. Taylor: One thing that we've always pointed to as we've seen some of these renewal spreads in the high-teens and low 20s is that, as we look at it over a longer-term basis, both new and renewal, we expect that to kind of be in the mid teens as more of a run-rate basis with renewals or new leases higher and obviously renewals, lower. So that's kind of what we see on a longer-term basis. But when you think about the volatility quarter-over-quarter, you can have a few deals move things one way or the other. And as I alluded to in my remarks, I think the thing to really look at is to look at it over a trailing 4, 6 or 8 quarters to see where we're signing these new rents relative to where the in place income is.
Donald C. Wood: And the only thing I would add to that is just let's put our size in perspective. I mean, we're not Kimco, we are not -- we do not have that volume. And so we do about 400 deals a year, about 100 deals a quarter, both new and renewal. And when you think about that type of population and 400,000 square feet roughly or so on an average quarter to do that, 2 or 3 deals, really positive or really negative, move those numbers around. So you'll absolutely have volatility with respect to the leasing spread on any particular quarter. What I think you should -- I'd love you to look at though, is how amazing it is that, that volatility on a quarterly basis does not translate into volatility of our reported earnings. It's really important when you take that metric and you get it down to overall, what happens to this earnings stream, it really shows that as Jimmy said, over the past 4, 6, 8 quarters, the stuff that really generates into the income stream in the subsequent year or 1.5 years or 2 years ahead, really smooths out pretty amazingly. So I don't know, that's all I've got to say.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason White of Green Street Advisors.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on the different buckets of your portfolio. I know they don't sit in nice discreet buckets, but if you look at gross record and street retail and mixed-use and kind of your Tower Shops style power centers, where do you see the greatest demand today? And historically, where have you seen kind of the best growth from each of those asset classes?
Donald C. Wood: You've got a real -- you're hitting a real, I don't want to call it a sore point for me, but, Jason, I got to tell you, I know you're going to think this is a cop out, it's not. It depends on the particular asset and how it is serving the community that it is in. I mean, when you look in the future back at power center, at East Bay Bridge, you're going to love the perspective that you see in terms of that income stream. When you look at where the growth has come at kind of a hybrid center like a Congressional Plaza, you're going to love that growth. When you look at what I believe is going to happen at Assembly and that mixed-use project, you're going to find great growth as you see at Santana. It really and truly depends, Jason. And I know our whole industry loves to put the buck -- put in the buckets, what's grocery, what's outlet, whatever. Trumping all of those categories, is location and how important it is to that community. So I can't to do what you ask me to do in terms of laying that out. You've got to get it down to the retail or to the local level and we've got good power centers, bad power centers, good gross reactor and bad gross reactor, good mixed use, tougher mixed use. It truly does come down to that location. I'm sorry that sounds like a cop out.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: No worries. And then I guess second one for me would be as you look at your development and redevelopment buckets, currently it's about 9% of assets once you complete all those. Is there a ceiling that you feel comfortable getting to in terms of percent of your overall portfolio? Or is that just something on a case-by-case basis?
Donald C. Wood: Well, yes, there is a ceiling and it's not a hard line, but it's about 10% or 10.5%, 11%, maybe tops. The bottom line is, and Jimmy said it in his comment, our thesis here, our proposition to investors is a growing stream of cash flows, a steady growing stream of cash flows that you can count on, that is less susceptible to typical risks than other portfolios. So if that's our goal, there's got to be a limit to how much in development at any one-time there is. Now as that stuff gets put into service. You think about -- people think that Santana Row is a development. Santana Row is probably the most stable ongoing property in the portfolio. So as -- it's been over 12 years. So as these things move into service, we don't consider them in the development bucket any longer and we look at the incremental piece, the incremental phases like the Misora, for example, are now like the Lot 11 deal. That's the development, but it doesn't encompass the whole thing once we're in service and comfortable. That's a long way of saying that 9%, that 10% range, that's about where we're comfortable putting capital to work in construction effectively.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Chris Lucas of Capital One securities.
Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: Don, just a follow-up sort of to that last question, which is now that the Silver Line is actually opened and some of your neighbors at Pike 7 have laid out their plans, how are you thinking about that opportunity in terms of the timeframe? Any adjustment to your thoughts now that we're actually opened?
Donald C. Wood: That's a great question, Chris, really. I mean, look, one of the pieces of land that we have in this portfolio is sitting there at the new sewer line entrance effectively on Route 7 in Tyson's. That property, during all the mess that has been Tyson's over the past 5, 7 years, has performed amazingly well. And that includes blocking off entrances, constantly changing entrances, constantly we view that [ph] as they went but did their thing and people just found their way into that shopping center and our rent has continued to go up in that shopping center and demand is as strong as ever. Now where we are with that open and we've got basically 5 or 6 years left, if you will, on the existing leases in terms of when effectively we can get out, because we locked them up about 4 years ago, so that we've got through this period. We're having constant conversations about what makes some sense. Do we partner with our neighbors and look at a bigger project there, which we've had some conversations about. Nothing's gone to any significant level now. I'm still struggling, to tell you the truth, with what it needs to be. And when you look at the other development that's happening in Tyson's, what makes sense there, I'm still glad that we have 5 years left to kind of watch what's going on and what we'll wind up doing there will be, it will -- I promise you, it will not be a me too. It will fill in a need that we see that's not being addressed somewhere else in itself. That's where we are.
Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then can you give us a little more additional color just on the Davie, Florida project in terms of what your thoughts are. Is that small shop space you're trying to add? Is that a single anchor box? Is that several juniors? What's the addition there going to look like?
Donald C. Wood: I'm looking and smiling at Weilminster over there because he's got a great -- we got a great potential tenant. And I'm going to leave it to him, whether he's comfortable talking about that possibility yet for that expansion...
Christopher J. Weilminster: I'm not comfortable naming who the tenant is, but I can tell you, it is a grocery category tenant that is smaller in size and they will occupy a part of that 50,000 square foot development we're doing. I think they'll be a great anchor to that development and we've got a tremendous amount of interest in the remaining space that's available, about 30,000-plus square feet and I think our investors are going to be very happy with that being added to our portfolio.
Donald C. Wood: I'll tell you what, Chris, it's been a -- when we bought Tower, we bought Tower really because we thought there was a lot that we can do with the existing shopping center and given that location where it is in Davie, we knew that if we were never able to develop 1 more square foot on the piece of land, that it was going to be a really good investment. But the bottom line is, the whole thing encompasses almost 60 acres. And the idea of the probability that we couldn't underwrite at the time of actually doing something additional was not underwriteable. We've worked with lots of tenants who good [ph] In the center who have had to have very important things in their leases that could block that development. And we're basically through almost all of them allowing us to say we've got a development there. To the extent Chris is uncomfortable talking about the particular tenant, I think most of you could figure out whom he's talking about. But that really was a -- it's just a great add to the whole what is already a dominant center in the Forth Lauderdale, Davie market.
Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then, Jim, one of the things we talked about when you were laying out guidance at the beginning of the year related to marketing spend at Assembly and at Pike & Rose, and I guess I just want to get an update in terms of how that spend has gone. Has it been within sort of the timing and the size that you expected? And is there any surprises, positive or negative, that we would should expect from that in the second half of the year?
James M. Taylor: We're on budget from an overall amount with what we expect to spend to open these projects in the right way, Chris. Timing, we have had some movements between the second and third quarter in terms of some of that expense, nothing too terribly significant. The fundamental point though remains, which is we're running all of that through our income statement. We're investing, if you will, from an income perspective into our development and yet, still driving some pretty meaningful growth. These projects do require big investment to open them well. And we're already seeing the fruits of some of that success early on at Assembly, but would expect to continue to make investments as additional tenants opened as Don covered in his remarks.
Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay and my last question relates to the same-store apartment occupancy level is down 80 basis points year-over-year. Is there anything we should be looking at in that number? Particularly, is there some regional impact? Or is that just sort of a timing issues? Or is that -- what happened there?
James M. Taylor: It's really just, I think, less than 10 units that threw that occupancy number.
Donald C. Wood: No, that resulting in Crest.
Dawn M. Becker: There's nothing unusual. Just a couple units here and there.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions. I'd like to hand the call back over to Kristina Lennox for any closing remarks.
Kristina Lennox : Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. Have a great weekend and we look forward to seeing you in the conferences in the fall.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-09 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kristina Lennox -  Donald C. Wood - Chief Executive Officer, President and Trustee James M. Taylor - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Christopher J. Weilminster - Executive Vice President of Real Estate & Leasing and Member of Investment Committee Jeffrey S. Berkes - President of West Coast 
Analysts: Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Andrew Schaffer Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Yolanda, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Kristina Lennox. Ms. Lennox, you may begin.
Kristina Lennox : Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dawn Becker, Jim Taylor, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster, and Melissa Solis. These and other members of our management team are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements, and we could give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial conditions and results of operation. These documents are available on our website at www.federalrealty.com. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our first quarter 2014 results. Don?
Donald C. Wood: Thanks, Kristina, and good morning, everyone. The 2014 first quarter was another very strong one for the trust with reported FFO per share of $1.21, an all-time quarterly record for us and 6% higher than last year's first quarter. Those earnings are strong and were made possible because of continued strong tenant demand and disciplined execution of rent start dates despite a particularly nasty and extended winter season this year, all the way up and down the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions. Not only did FFO per share of $1.21 grow 6%, but same-store growth came in at 2.9% when excluding redevelopment, and 3.4% when including it, despite a quarter in which gross snow removal costs were $5.5 million higher than last year and more than $9 million in total. Those costs are reflected in rental expenses with a corresponding recoverable portion included in tenant recoveries. Roughly 80% to 85% is expected to be recovered. It was a crazy and long winter. And the net impact of that excessive show cost was more than $0.01 per share hit to FFO and about 100 basis point hit to same-store growth. I'm particularly pleased with these results given not only the weather, but the marketing and other noise that is and will be part of our numbers all year long related to the big developments coming online this year. Let's dig into the results a bit and start with leasing. Leasing demand and productivity that built on last year's efforts was evident during 2014 first quarter, where we completed 78 deals, 71 of them for 328,000 square feet of comparable space at average rents of $31.84, 18% more than the $27.01 per foot representing the last year of the former lease. Both leases with new tenants and renewals of existing tenants were profitable and grew at 16% and 19%, respectively. This was really a continuation of the strength that we saw through much of 2013, and that sentiment and production feels as though it will continue in the next few quarters. Though not necessarily in the high teens like 18%, but strong nonetheless. A few really good deals in the quarter in each of our major operating regions really drove the results, including a CVS renewal at Wildwood Shopping Center in Bethesda, a new Nordstrom Rack replacing Office Depot at Mercer Mall in New Jersey and some powerful small shop leasing at Westgate in San Jose, California. In any event, a strong leasing quarter and an optimistic leasing forecast. Now let's look at occupancy, which, on both on a percentage leased and physical occupancy basis, remained very strong in the quarter at 95.6% and 94.7%, respectively. Both of those numbers are down a tick or 2 from year end, which is not at all unusual in the first quarter, but higher than last year's first quarter, and in fact, higher than in any first quarter since 2007 and 2008. Those levels won't change very much this year, in fact, they'll probably go down a bit as we proactively re-tenant some anchor spaces for better long-term stability and profitability. Let me move on now to the development pipeline and start with the good work being done at Assembly Row in Somerville, Massachusetts. First, the planning and documentation with Partners HealthCare on the 12-acre former IKEA site is going extremely well, and we hope to have fully-executed documents completed over the summer to allow for a planned construction start by Partners this fall. In a piece of very good news, the deal now contemplates development rights for 900,000 square feet of office space, up from 700,000, making room for Partners' 4,700 plus employees moving in over several years beginning as early as 2016. We continue to work through the accompanying retail plan on that site, which we would own. That investment is expected to include a service retail destination including a drug store, a health club and additional food and service alternatives. We're estimating something in the range of a $35 million investment and about 110,000 square feet, but we'll report with more specificity on this piece and the entire Partners transaction once all the documentation is done. On the other end of the Assembly site, we're proud to report that 97% of the retail space in our Phase 1 development is committed. That's 46 out of 51 outlet, restaurant and entertainment tenants that will open beginning now with the AMC Theater and then throughout the summer in anticipation of a full lineup in the fall. Leases executed in this first quarter included J.Crew, PUMA, Orbis, Motherhood Maternity, Aveda Salon and Sugar Heaven; while real estate committee approved-deals included Kenneth Cole, Express, Carter's, Oshkosh and Francesca's. The first residential move-ins have begun in AvalonBay's apartments, and external construction on the block 2 office building is nearing completion. We're getting close on some office leasing in that building and as I noted, are virtually done with the retail lease in its base. The future looks very bright for Assembly Row and I hope that we'll be talking about another phase in the not-too-distant future. Let's come down to coast a bit to Rockville, Maryland where Pike & Rose is rapidly taking shape and where lease-up on the first residential buildings is well underway and has gotten off to a very good start. Currently, 50 of the 174 apartments in the first residential building called PerSei are leased at net effective rates -- rents, slightly ahead of our expectations at this point. This is particularly noteworthy since until recently, the weather around here has been just awful and the site is full [Audio Gap] construction and frankly, it feels very much like a construction site. Lease-up will continue throughout the year and into next with the first move-ins expected this June, and then transition into residential leasing for the second residential building. That's the high rise tower called Pallas that will begin leasing up next spring. On the retail side, Phase 1 lease-up is nearly complete at 92%, and most of the remainder of that lease-up is in the base of the 300-unit high-rise residential building, which doesn't deliver until 2015. To give you an idea of what the merchandising in that first phase will feel like, consider that the iPic theater, Tanzy restaurant and Sport & Health health clubs will be above the ground level retail, that will include tenants like Gap, Gap Kids, City Sports, Francesca's, Del Frisco's Grille, Summer House, ShopHouse and others, well, you get the idea. And in terms of 80,000 feet of office in this first phase, while I still can't report on a signed office lease at this point, I can tell you that we're well down the road on lease documentation with a great credit for more than half of the available space in the project. Given the way the first phase has been going, we're anxious to figure out the next phase, where we'll significantly lengthen the retail street and add to this vibrant and sophisticated environment that's so lacking in the Rockville area. We're well underway to designing and pricing out the next phase, which will approximate $200 million and we expect to announce it with greater specificity later this year. Out on the West Coast, internal and common area construction will be finished up at Misora in the next 60 to 90 days and leasing has been going extremely well. At present 170, or more than 80%, of the 212 apartments have been leased at rates that slightly exceed our expectations. We expect to be stabilized in terms of both leasing and occupancy by the end of the year. Similarly, in Southern California, construction on The Pointe is well underway and also on time and on budget. We'll be featuring The Pointe, as well as future phases of our entire development and redevelopment pipeline at the ICSC convention in Las Vegas in a couple of weeks. I think I'll stop there in terms of my prepared remarks and just want to express -- end by expressing my enthusiasm for both our continued strong core results quarter-after-quarter, as well as the inevitable delivery of some of the finest retail and mixed-use products available anywhere. I look forward to walking it with many of you later in the year and talking about it at NAREIT in June and elsewhere. Now, let me turn it over to Jim Taylor for his remarks before we open the lines up to your questions in a few minutes.
James M. Taylor: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. This quarter represented another record for the Trust in terms of total revenue, POI and FFO per share. Even with relatively stable occupancy, the drag of snow and increased expense associated with bringing our development projects online, our portfolio continued to deliver impressive bottom line growth, both on a year-over-year and a sequential basis. And, as Don importantly highlighted, our strong leasing rollover continues to set us up well for the intermediate term. That core performance, taken with the successful integration of The Grove and Brook 35 acquisitions, the additional redevelopment activity at East Bay Bridge, Flourtown, and Hollywood and the substantial progress that Don highlighted this quarter towards the successful delivery of 2 important drivers of future growth, Pike & Rose and Assembly, continue the momentum of our balanced business plan. Now turning to the details. Rental income increased $13.6 million or approximately 9% over the prior year quarter. Most of this, or $9.7 million, was attributable to the same-center growth, including redevelopment and the successful integration of The Grove and Brook 35, as well as Darien. The balance of the increase is attributable to higher snow recoveries due to the polar vortex impact in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic. Other property income, which includes term fees, was essentially flat year-over-year. Looking at rental expenses and POI margin, we saw an increase of $7.6 million, approximately $5.1 million of which was snow. Adjusted for snow, our POI margin remained stable at 70%. As Don highlighted in his remarks, when you look at our same-center portfolio, which represents 96% of our overall property operating income, our same-center growth in POI would've been 100 basis points higher if you adjust for snow. I think we've said enough about snow but the bottom line is that the performance of the core portfolio and the acquisitions that we made continue to be strong, even with relatively stable occupancy. And importantly, our leasing rollover continues to demonstrate strong forward growth as those tenants will take occupancy over the next several quarters. Moving down, we also maintained strict control on G&A, which remains flat when you adjust for the transfer taxes and other costs associated with the closing of The Grove and Brook 35. Interest expense declined $4.3 million due primarily to the overall lower borrowing rate that we achieved through last year's refinancings, which reduced our weighted average rate from 5.5% to 4.8%, while substantially increasing our weighted average maturity. Bottom line, total FFO increased 10.4% to $81.8 million for the quarter and FFO per share increased 6.1% to $1.21 per share, as we continue to match fund our development activity with an appropriate balance of long-term debt and equity issued under our ATM. Again, all of this with an eye towards producing stable, consistent long-term earnings growth with maximum flexibility given volatility that can happen from time-to-time in the capital markets. Turning to the balance sheet. During the quarter, we accessed the ATM for $50 million at a weighted average share price of $111.35. In connection with the acquisitions of The Grove and Brook 35, we issued $65 million of OP units and also assumed $68 million of secured debt. We ended the quarter with $76 million of cash and nothing drawn on our $600 million revolver, leaving us plenty of capacitive and flexibility to fund the balance of our expected development spend this year of approximately $250 million. Our debt to market cap was 24% and debt-to-EBITDA, a strong 5.4x. From an acquisition pipeline perspective, we remain very active and are negotiating a few opportunities on an off-market basis. While we cannot handicap which, if any, of these situations will occur, I would be disappointed if we did not close some of them. They are high-quality assets that would fit well with our portfolio. We are also evaluating a few marketed opportunities but have observed significant cap rate compression for those deals. Now turning to outlook. We reaffirm our guidance range of $4.86 to $4.93 a share. As discussed on our last call, we expect our occupancy to dip slightly during 2014 as we roll larger anchor spaces such as of the OfficeMax and Pacific Sales at East Bay Bridge, the Loehmann's spaces at Friendship and Crow Canyon, Kohl's at Melville, Staples at Quince Orchard, Bally's at Governor and others. Our leasing team has done a phenomenal job of re-tenanting these spaces and driving better long-term deals for the Trust. In the current year, this rollover and associated downtime as we replace these tenants will cause some drag on our same-store numbers, particularly in the second and third quarters. However, the strength of the core will continue to be the largest driver of our growth. On a same-store basis, including redevelopment, we still expect our NOI growth for the year to approach 4% even this with the rollover drag and the impact of snow this quarter. On an FFO basis, we expect our growth to be between 6% to 7% for the year, which again is truly remarkable as we will incur approximately $0.13 to $0.15 of bottom line drag in 2014, associated with the marketing demolition costs and multifamily lease-up that we have discussed in prior quarters. This year, from a timing perspective, we expect to deliver approximately $350 million of development and redevelopment. We are on time and on budget. As Don highlighted, those deliveries include our $75 million investment in Misora; buildings 11 and 12 at Pike & Rose, which represent approximately $125 million of investment, we'll open in phases this year; Phase 1 retail of Assembly Row, which represents approximately $150 million of investment with the office delivering later in 2015. As Don highlighted in his remarks, those projects are substantially leased and we'll bring us significant value both in the near term, as well as over time. We couldn't be more pleased with the execution of our operations, leasing and development teams upon our balanced business plan, which sets us up for many years of continued growth. We look forward to a productive leasing conference at ICSC in just a few weeks and further to seeing many of you in early June at NAREIT. With that, operator, I'd like to turn the call over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Craig Schmidt.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wonder if you could describe the marketing efforts that you're going to pursue for the opening of Phase 1 at Assembly Row. And I know you've done some events there just to increase awareness, have you measured that awareness by the Boston consumer?
Donald C. Wood: Yes, Craig, let me start and see if anybody wants to add on. The one thing that we decided last year is that we were not going to do a one big blowout party from a marketing perspective, a one big grand opening here. And that ties to the type of center this is. We're starting the 2 big entertainment anchors, the theater is already open, by the way. And Legoland is opening shortly, a couple of weeks, they'll be there. And then throughout the summer time, there is a long list of tenants that open up, with the final tenants in that first phase opening up in the fall. So our marketing kind of mirrors that. It takes us through -- it takes events all the way through. If you remember, we spent a lot of time and money bringing events to the area, including last year's show, whatever it was called...
Unknown Executive: Riverfest in Cavalia.
Donald C. Wood: Cavalia last year, to get people accustomed with the area. What we're finding is great receptions. I'd be -- I'm really happy that not only the local community but a broader draw is finding their way into what is now infrastructure that is built, and real streets, it's not fake. There's a reason to drive by them, these are commuter streets now. And so the Riverfest and the other marketing events that we've been throwing have been getting great acceptance from the community, which all kind of sets us up pretty well to a strong fall.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, and then just on a really big picture basis, how much more is there to do at Santana Row?
Donald C. Wood: On a really big picture basis, lots. And here's what I mean by that. It's not only the end of the street, which will be office product and will be retail product, but you know there's additional residential product on the existing site. But then, we've got tied up and I think Jeff Berkes is on the phone, we've got tied up 12 acres directly adjacent, that's a big project. And whether we're able to get that entitled and done and built or not, we'll see, but it's structured in a pretty low risk way for us, in that it's a lease and in fact, it's not even ours if we don't want it to be, if we don't get it entitled, which is just critical. But we could be talking about an incremental $400 million, $500 million to put on and around Santana, very carefully over the next 5, 7 years.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Schaffer.
Andrew Schaffer: Can you talk about the percentage of restaurants in your portfolio today versus your historic average and have you seen a material shift in leasing toward restaurants?
Donald C. Wood: Yes, I've talked about this before and it ties into our strategy and what we kind of believe in. And we do clearly use restaurants as an anchor in our portfolio. Today, if you broadly define restaurants to include the Starbucks of the world and anything that effectively is food-driven, x the supermarkets, our number is something like 12%.
Unknown Executive: A little bit higher, about 15%.
Donald C. Wood: 15%, and that's a very broad definition of restaurants. Now specifically, when you think of a restaurant as a draw or a group of restaurants on a draw, that's a much smaller number, more like 7% or 8%. But we do that purposely and frankly, I think we've gotten pretty good at identifying the right restaurants, the right operators, the right mix, if you will, of all of them. And we consider that in that restaurant business, we expect to lose 2 out of 10, if you will, before those leases are up, and we figure that into our underwriting. So that's how we think about that business. It's a very important anchor to us, and it's actually not a subsidized anchor, which is my favorite part of it, as opposed to a department store to a mall business or even a grocery store to our business.
Andrew Schaffer: And then in regards to Somerville, can you break out the demand from full-price tenants versus outlet tenants?
Christopher J. Weilminster: We're just doing outlet tenants so there's really not a demand...
Donald C. Wood: At Assembly, specifically.
Christopher J. Weilminster: At Assembly Row, yes, if that is your question. It is an outlet. The soft goods tenants that we will have in Assembly Row are outlet tenants, so they will not be full priced, we have drawn the line on that.
Donald C. Wood: Was that your question?
Andrew Schaffer: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Morgan.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: You mentioned for the marketed deals that you've been looking on the acquisition market that you've seen cap rate compression. I mean, cap rates, it's not exactly -- cap rates have never been really high for your types of products, I was just -- maybe see if you could provide a little bit of color there where -- how much have you seen over the past 6 months or so and what kind of numbers are you talking about?
James M. Taylor: Well, Jeff, you can certainly chip in here but, Paul, where we may have seen some deals getting close to 5 or around 5, we're now seeing deals clearly in the 4s and in some instances. The low 4s for kind of core in-fill retail properties. So over the last, I'd say, 6 to 12 months, we've seen further compression.
Jeffrey S. Berkes: Yes, Paul, I agree with Jim. Definitely for the better stuff on the West Coast that's fully marketed and institutional quality, piercing 5 is where things have headed and seem to be staying for a bit.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: And then just a couple things on Santana. I mean, a little bit bigger picture, I guess, as you think about the future phases, the office and then especially as you go across the street with the new site, how do you think about ownership structure for those phases? And this is from kind of from the perspective of diversification and concentration risk, is it as strategic to own everything you do across the street as it is things that are on the row there, because obviously, it will get to be a very big chunk of your overall investment?
Donald C. Wood: No, it's a big consideration. Let me start there and Jeff, you can finish up. Let me actually start with the end of the street. The one thing that it's really important to remember about our developments over phases is that a lot of people keep thinking of Santana and things that we've owned for a long time as developments, but they're not, they're stable shopping centers. And when you look at Santana Row in particular, that is probably one of the most stable shopping centers in the entire portfolio. And it -- while geographically it is obviously all in one spot, it is diversified, not only in terms of the retail itself but also with the larger financial base there. So when we think about office at the end of the street, I can tell you we'll absolutely think about partnering with some money on the -- to take some of the risk off the table on the office at the end of the street. What I will also say that if we can't come to a deal where we think -- if we think we're giving away too much, we will do it ourselves at the end of the street, simply because the balance of it is a very stable shopping center already. And so that incremental decision is just that, it's an incremental decision. Having said that, your point with respect to geographic concentration is not lost, but the company really has grown a ton since we talked about each additional phase. And when you think about what has happened to the market cap of the company, it is still a much smaller part of geographic concentration than it's been historically. So that combination of 2 things, I just want you to know we do look at its height [ph], closely, but I could see us going either way. In terms of across the street, we're really early on. But Jeff, you want to talk that through a little bit?
Jeffrey S. Berkes: Yes, don't know that I have a whole lot to add to what you said, Don. But one thing, Paul, we don't know exactly where we're headed across the street yet. We have a lot of work to do there with the city and the community and all that kind of thing to figure out ultimately what we're going to be able to get entitled. One of the thoughts is to obviously put a significant residential component on that site. And when you step back and kind of look at where you can invest in residential in particular, long-term, it's hard not to be real bullish on owning residential in Silicon Valley. As you know, from living here, it's just very, very difficult to get residential built and then entitled in an area where there's effectively very little remaining land and a lot of long-term upward pressure on NOI from residential properties. So yes, I think on the office, we're obviously thinking through everything Don said we are. On the residential, maybe not so much, just because of the long-term prospects.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Great, and then just lastly on Santana. It sounds like you might be losing Loring Ward, which is one of the bigger tenants in your other office property there. Remind me that came on at a pretty soft time in the market, is that upside potential?
Jeffrey S. Berkes: Loring Ward has been a great tenant here for 10 years and the principals that run Loring Ward are great people, they've got a great company and we would've liked to have been able to keep them. We just couldn't accommodate them and there's a lot of demand for the office space here at Santana Row and the economics just didn't work to figure out a way to accommodate them. So yes, I think, ultimately, there's clearly upside between their contract rent and market rent, and we're not really concerned at all about backfilling the space.
Donald C. Wood: But Paul, you do bring up a great point that way. We have found that the office demand at Santana, particularly over the past couple of years, 2 or 3 years, has grown disproportionately. We don't have any space there and we would have loved to have kept Loring Ward, as Jeff said, but we just couldn't, we didn't have the space to be able to keep them. And they wanted to stay badly but we didn't have the space to be able to keep them. So that goes in part into our thinking too, about how to really continue that part of this business to create the place that Santana Row is truly a common, that is the center of the valley.
Jeffrey S. Berkes: Paul, again, from being out here, how important an amenitized office experience is to the people that work at the companies out here. And like Don said, over the past few years, Jan and I in particular, in talking to the people that run the businesses here at Santana Row have just seen incredible affinity for wanting to be in this type of environment. Their employees love it.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Donnelly.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Actually, sticking with Santana Row, I'm just curious, this is for you, Jeff. On the Winchester site, it may require something of a complex answer to an easy question but do the ground lease terms that you guys signed there necessitate a certain mix or density or even timing of construction that might make the development ambitious? I don't know if there's a way you can kind of contrast your plans there versus Santana in terms of density and mix?
Jeffrey S. Berkes: Well, there some timing hurdles in terms of what we need to do to entitle the site, Jeff, but beyond that, there's a lot of flexibility in what we can do. And like Don said earlier, if we can't entitle it the way we want to entitle it, we're not obligated forever over there. So I mean, without getting into a lot of specifics that really probably aren't appropriate, I can't say whole heck of a lot more than that, but I think that answers your question, right?
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, it does. And I understand it's early on. And then I guess, maybe switching back to Pike & Rose and Assembly, are you guys able to talk a little more specifically about the pace and price of the shop space retail, leasing and maybe how concessions such as like TIs, kick outs or free rents have fared versus expectation?
Christopher J. Weilminster: I think we're very pleased with the outcome of where it's going to go, and I think we're very bullish on these deal structures that we have in place at the Assembly to take advantage of the momentum building there. I'm very optimistic that we're going to see some good percentage around payment over the years as this center matures and as we have more density. Having Partners and 4,700-plus employees there in a couple of years really creates a great captive audience for the restaurants that we're putting in, the entertainment uses. And as it relates to Pike & Rose, I think those deal structures are more comparable to what we've seen in the DC area. They're at very strong rents and I think if the sales -- if we have the sales success that we anticipate, we're also going to see the potential for percentage rent there as well. So we're very -- from a leasing standpoint, very pleased. I don't know if Don has anything else to add.
Donald C. Wood: The only thing I'd say, Jeff, is I will give you some more detail on that. I don't want to do it this quarter yet, I'd like us to get tenants moved in. I'd like to move that process along regularly, the way we're doing and -- but as we get into the fall, I will give more detail on kind of where we are on rents, where we are, where we see things overall. But the guidance in terms of the overall returns are sticking. And so, you can get a pretty good idea of our initial thoughts. But again, I'll have more on that as we get them open and into the fall.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just one last question, can you remind me why, I guess, why you guys are making the effort at Union Square in Somerville? It's a small project and I guess, I'm wondering, is it about sort of amortizing your city relationships? Or is it something that actually has a much bigger, longer-term possibility than I guess we're thinking about?
Donald C. Wood: Let me -- it's probably the latter, and I'll tell you why. There's a couple of things: first of all, I have no idea whether it's going to be us. It's down to a few people and having the productive city relationships, as you can imagine, is both a good thing and a bad thing. And so we'll know more as to whether we play a role there or not in the coming months, but we don't know that answer today. I will tell you that as a -- for being here as long as we have, our team, and seeing what Bethesda Row was, and Bethesda Row is, and how that came across and the value that was created there, there are a lot of similarities in Union Square. There's a lot of similarities. And so the ability to kind of piece meal that together and create something that just would be amazing for the constituents there and also be very rewarding in terms of our value created, it's appealing, plus we have our best team in terms of that type of product sitting right there with Briggs in charge. So when you kind of look at it all together, we looked at Union Square as something very desirable. We'd love to have the opportunity to do that and hope we get the chance to.
Operator: Our next question is from Christy McElroy.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Jim, just when you thought you said enough about snow [ph], I'm going to ask you about snow [ph]. Regarding the 100-basis point impact in the quarter, Don, I think you talked about an 80% to 85% expected to be recovered. Did you book all of those recoveries in Q1? And that was, that difference was the 100 basis points? Or should we be thinking about some of those recoveries occurring in Q2 or Q3? I'm just trying to get a sense for how to think about the recovery rate for the balance of the year and sort of what caused that 15% to 20% of leakage?
James M. Taylor: Well, what causes the leakage is the fact that we have assets that don't all have net leases, whether they have office uses or residential uses and in certain circumstances we have caps [ph]. We do look at our expense recoveries on an annual basis, but almost all that impact is in, from a drag perspective, is in the first quarter. We will have a higher recovery rate for the balance of the year, but unlike some points made by others, the impact of that increase in the recovery rate for the balance of the year is marginal.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then with the promotion of Chris Weilminster to EVP, Real Estate and Leasing, can you talk a little bit about any changes to the split of responsibilities at the executive level?
Donald C. Wood: Yes, I can. What has become apparent over the years -- I hate to say nice things about Weilminster while he's sitting right here. I am going to look in the other direction, Christy, as I say it. But what's become apparent is that Chris is more than a real good leasing guy. He is clearly an executive in the company that gets involved with other things including a hotel deal that we're trying to do in the second phase of Pike & Rose, for example, including the office deals that we work through at Pike & Rose, including, strategically, what we do with our assets. And basically, this promotion, from my point of view, is a recognition of what he's grown-up to be effectively. And I thought it was important to have that recognized externally, as well as internally.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So no changes to any other -- any of the other roles on the team?
Donald C. Wood: The other executive team roles? No.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right, exactly. Okay. Got you. And then, just a quick follow-up on the restaurant question, how do you think about the leasing to sort of entrepreneurs versus national and regional restaurant operators? And is there any differences in how the leases are structured?
Donald C. Wood: Well, let's -- let me talk to that broadly, and let's see where Chris wants to go. There are better financial deals usually, on the face, with the local entrepreneurs than there are with the big national retailers. That's all about leverage, not much different than any retail category, general comment. Secondly, it's all about the mix. And so, it's really important -- when I think of restaurants, I'm not talking about using restaurants as an anchor, as an anchor for all the national chains, that's -- that wouldn't accomplish, in our view, the goal we want. But a national chain like a Yard House or somebody like that with local entrepreneurs, as we're doing up in Assembly with a Papagayo that should open up this month for Petes sake, who's great locally known. That mix creates the impact to the anchor for the tenancy that we want. And when it comes down to the thing of the individual structures, I just gave you a kind of an overall. But each deal is a negotiation and each deal is our risk-adjusted guess, if you will, educated, I hope, with respect to what they're going to do in sales, what they're going to do in profitability and what the appropriate share is for us.
Christopher J. Weilminster: And the only thing I would add, Don, to that, is that we love the local restaurateurs because they're able to modify their menu on a daily basis to give the consumers what they want. So it adds a very good dynamic and a unique experience to our customers as we try and give them more reasons to come shop our centers versus the competition, And that's what we find in the local guys, much more so than the chains, which have to go up a whole hierarchy of decision-making before they can change one item on the menu. So the combination of both, as Don says, really gives us a powerful mix.
Operator: We have a question from Jason White.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: I just had a quick question on your resi portfolio. Do you guys keep a metric that's kind of same-store NOI metric for your -- for the resi?
Donald C. Wood: I'm sure we do. I don't have it right here. As resi becomes a bigger number, it's not necessarily becoming a bigger and bigger part of the portfolio, that said we are always going to be a retail company. But it is becoming 7%, 8%, and sometimes 9% of our total base. In 3 years it will be $1 billion company. And so we're going to go through and think about our reporting on resi and see if we can maybe include in the 8-K some additional information that way on it. I don't have it right here and I don't know if any of our...
James M. Taylor: Jason, we look at it asset-by-asset in our quarterly reviews and we've got different types of resi within the portfolio. We've got some older resi, some more what I call B+ resi and then we have the higher-end mixed-use. I'll tell you that across-the-board, the performance has been very strong. We haven't seen, for example, in our DC portfolio, some of the softness that I think some of the other multifamily folks have seen that have assets more downtown or in the Crystal City submarkets. I think part of that is also reflected in the good lease-ups so far that we've seen on PerSei. So as Don pointed out, we don't do it as a portfolio yet, but certainly as it becomes a more significant part, we will consider that.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then just one more question on Pike & Rose. You have quite a number of entitlements remaining on the property, and I'm just wondering what Phase 1 has kind of taught you about what Phase 2, and maybe beyond, what the demand looks like? So before you were obviously cautious about how much you were going to build out in the near term but do you have a better idea on that, now that you've started to build out and lease some of the space?
Donald C. Wood: That's a great question, Jason, and yes, particularly as it relates to retail demand. There's a lot more retail demand than we're able to provide in this first phase. And so very anxious to kind of continue on that experience and create enough retail stuff there to be able to give us the experience that we're looking for. I'm very happy there. In terms of the residential, we're just, as I say, we're just kind of getting started, and so far, so good. The real key there from my perspective will be what happens in the Big Tower and that will be a 2015 -- we'll have a lot of information there. But enough so that we are real comfortable that the second phase, which will be much more heavily retail, hopefully include a hotel, and I think it will. We're real close on a deal there. And then, on the resi, we'll probably do a small condo component there because all of the resi questions are, "Can we buy something here?" And so we know there's some level of demand, we don't want to take a lot, obviously, condo risk is different than rental risk, but we'd like it to be some component of what we're building going forward.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay, so you build out Pike & Rose and you have so much other redevelopment potential on the corridor there. Is it more of a daisy-chaining of deals where you do all you can at Pike & Rose and then you move on to the other adjacent properties and see about densifying those, or is there some element of mixing in some densification on the other sites while you're in the process of building future entitlements on Pike & Rose?
Donald C. Wood: Well, yes. It's not -- the one thing we don't -- it is not, it's a daisy-chaining among properties. Each property's look at very individually in terms of what it is, what it is that we can do or adding pad sites today across the street at Montrose. There's still more to do, we believe, at Montrose in terms of a longer-term redevelopment there. When you come down to the properties like Federal Plaza, it's pretty built out. There's one other opportunity on the pack that we're looking at hard, as soon as we can get to that, we'll get to that. In terms of Congressional Plaza, in the next 2 or 3 or 4 months, we're going to be building another small residential component to the back of it, to complement our Crest I residential complex there. So each specific asset gets handled as a specific asset. But in terms of Pike & Rose, it's 10 years. There's 10 years worth of stuff to do there. It's a big piece of land and even after Phase 2, there's a Phase 3 and a Phase 4. So stay tuned. We're just at the beginning part of what I think will be a very long growth development period for what we already have under control.
Operator: We have a question from Haendel St. Juste.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Quick question for you first on cap rates and capital allocation. You mentioned earlier that the cap rates for high-quality assets you're looking at your core markets were in the high 4s. Can you give us a sense of what you think the IRRs pencil out to and why perhaps you think it makes sense to pursue these deals if, well, given return, attractive return opportunities on development and redevelopment?
James M. Taylor: Well, it's a very good question, and every investment decision we make, Haendel, is weighed against what our alternatives are and the relative risk of each particular opportunity. What I was alluding to on the marketed side with what we've seen on both the East and West Coast is a true compression, not just in cap rates but IRRs. Recently a center's gone under contract in Reston, Virginia with a Whole Foods. We think the IRR in that is a 5-handle IRR and was, in fact, marketed as a flat-6 IRR. So that's where it was marketed. You make your own judgments as to where that ultimately was traded.
Donald C. Wood: We won't do that deal. We won't do that deal.
James M. Taylor: We will not -- we will not do a deal like that. And so what we've found with marketed opportunities right now is that, it's got to have some complexity, something that we can add value to, for us to be interested. Where I am pleased with the level of activity that we're seeing on both coasts is frankly more structured deals that involve tax deferral or other things where we have a unique competitive advantage to really get to a value that makes sense and clears our hurdles long term. So we feel good about that, but from a capital allocation standpoint, you're absolutely right, we weigh it against what our alternatives are.
Donald C. Wood: And let me just add to that, Haendel, because I love the question. It is a battle. Each one that we look at, we could be doing a whole lot more given our cost of capital, our own cost of capital, and what we could get done. Having said that, you have -- when you look at our last one, just talk about The Grove this time, and you look at The Grove, what we believe we can bring in terms of our retail leasing expertise, coupled with the local expertise of that team is lease rates that are significantly higher than they would otherwise be, bringing us up into 7 effectively in terms of the IRR and probably north, but that's where we're underwriting it. So it's got to show that kind of ability to get there and not just a coupon clipper. And as I think you're implying, why do that, rather than development?
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And following up, speaking of low cap rates, I was hoping you could talk a bit about New York City street retail. Even though that, too, is super low cap rate. And maybe your cost of capital is not quite at a place where the numbers can work, but is there anything out there you're looking at or that you think that makes sense to you economically?
Donald C. Wood: It's in -- boy, it's on the list, we're certainly looking at it. So just like in every other market, very, very little of what we look at can we can say, ah, we can make it pencil from an IRR perspective. And so far, I don't know, Jim, what you want to add to that, but so far we've been skunked.
James M. Taylor: Yes, we have looked at a few opportunities in Manhattan and, yes, the returns just don't underwrite for us.
Operator: We have a question from Jim Sullivan.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Really just to follow on the prior question here. It's interesting that when you talk about cap rate compression, I guess we can talk or debate whether the cap rate compression is more cyclical or secular. I'm curious, as you think about your own portfolio and allocating capital to development, does the reduction in cap rates that you're talking about, does it lead you to either consider selling more assets, number one, and number 2, perhaps lowering your hurdle rate on development or neither or both? I'm curious how you think about how you're going to devote capital, given what's happened with cap rates.
James M. Taylor: Yes, every -- you raise a good point, and the way we think about it is, even a decision to hold an asset is effectively an investment decision. As we look across the portfolio, and we've alluded to in the past, there are a few assets that we are looking at selling. We don't feel pressure because to hold IRR is not a bleeder but certainly, thinking about timing of the market and the value that we could get for some of those assets today. We've not included any asset dispositions in our guidance, Jim, but you might see a disposition or 2 of some smaller assets that we think don't present much growth opportunity. So we do look at that and think about it all the time. In terms of the second part of your question, we take a long-term view on return hurdles. And we take a long-term view as it relates to acquisitions, what type of reversionary cap rates we should underwrite. We take a long-term view in terms of required returns on development. And while we may have a marginal cost of capital that's low today, we don't lose sight of the fact that our investors expect us to produce growth. And to deliver that, we -- and deliver it responsibly, we've got to balance the risks associated with the development activity, the returns and the visibility that we have. I would tell you, what I'm personally most excited about as we sit right now, is that we have 2 very large development opportunities where we've taken a lot of the risk out of the equation, in the first phases of Pike & Rose and Assembly, where I think an institutional investor would come in and pay us for the value that's created there. So I think we've got value delivering very shortly in terms of the initial phases, but also, as Don alluded to, as we think about future phases, we do so from a much more informed perspective, as Jason was pointing out in his question, but also with a lower-risk profile, because we're adding on to a base that's already been established, if you will. So I'm excited about it, and I think we have a lot of opportunities to exploit. And then, what you're hearing in our discussions is continuing to plant seeds for the future. For example, what Jeff has done across the street at Santana. It may or may not happen, but I think it's evidence that we're always looking out and trying to set ourselves up to find opportunities like that.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, then second question for me. We focus on same-store NOI, or talk about same-store NOI, we tend to focus on obviously leasing spreads and occupancy rates. And I'm just curious at this point in the cycle, Don, as you think about that, with occupancy rates pretty much it seems as high as they're going to get, I mean, correct me if I'm wrong, I just wonder to what extent there are other levers to push in terms of same-store NOI? And then I'm thinking about whether it's occupancy, operating cost, recovery rates or the nature and type of the bumps you're able to get at this point in the cycle, what else is there besides pushing pricing at this stage in the cycle to boost your same-store NOI growth rate?
Donald C. Wood: Jim, I'll tell you, man. The -- I'm going to give you a little downer answer here. But this is -- I say this every call, and I just really need to get this out. Our business is a 3% growing business, that's what it is. Sometimes it's 2.5%, sometimes it's 3.5% and in tight periods of strength like we're in right now, it still can be 4%. I don't believe that the shopping center business, in general, is that type of business, I think it's much lower than that. I think it's a 1.5% to 2% grower. And so, when you sit back -- and I don't think that's our portfolio, as I said, I think our portfolio is 3%, 3%-plus. But that's what this business is. During any period of time, you're working real hard to get it to, say, as tight as you can on costs. I think we've done a good job there. I think we could do a little better, to tell you the truth, in terms of leasing spreads and pushing that is always a kind of a deal-by-deal, shopping center-by-shopping center, market-by-market basis. But it's always the most important component of that same-store growth. Operating not only up on expense costs, but it is always incumbent upon us to find -- to make sure, and we spend a lot of time on this, that the contractual rents -- the contractual contracts, if you will, are as strong as they can be to allow for the best recoveries that we can find. I do think we have an advantage there. I think our advantage there is simply because the real estate is better, we have more leverage in those nonquantitative, if you will, qualitative parts of a lease, which we work hard on. But when you cut through all that, this is a 3%, 3.5% growing business from Federal's point of view, and it's a 1.5% to 2% growing business in most of our competitors and I'll just go to my grave believing that.
Operator: We have a question from Brandon Cheatham.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: This is actually Ki Bin. So kind of tie in your commentary about internal growth rates, obviously, Devon [ph] is a big part of your story but could you help, I mean, you just kind of put it together, I mean, you have big projects and potential in Santana, Assembly and Pike & Rose, all these things together. But when I piece it out throughout the next 3 to 4 years -- so 2 parts to that question though, how much is a realistic amount of investable dollars per year around those 3 to 4 years. And are market rents and economics currently healthy enough to justify those builds?
James M. Taylor: We've got couple of hundred million dollars of spend per year for the next several years. We've done it in phases, Ki Bin, to get to the second part of your question, because certainly there are cycles. But in terms of the demand that we see today, we feel very good about it. And it's evidenced in our results. I mentioned before we had some rollover coming this year, of some pretty significant box space, as Chris and his team were all over it, we're effectively done with a lot of that. And as it relates to the leasing momentum that you see in the first phases, as we talked about, 92% lease at Pike & Rose, and I'll tell you the balance of the space is an internal debate over what kind of small salons or spas we want to put into the balance of the space. And similarly, 97% leased at Assembly, I think really underscores the strength of what we're seeing now. And, of course, we're doing it in phases because there are always cycles, but we feel real good about the momentum. Our ICSC conference is really going to be talking a lot, Ki Bin, about Phase 2 of Pike & Rose or Phase 2 of Assembly or what's left to do at The Pointe at Plaza El Segundo. So we feel good about that. In terms of investment within the core itself, what we talk about as more of the tactical redevelopment, we continue to identify opportunities there which bring higher returns admittedly, higher attractive risk-adjusted returns. But there's always so much that you can do at any one point in time for a myriad of reasons. But there you're going to see us to somewhere between $40 million to $70 million annually of spend at much higher rates of return, and I think complementary to what those centers will be post-redevelopment. I don't know if that answers your question, but that -- we see a pretty decent pipeline and feel good at least what we see currently in terms of demand.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: So that, that -- if I understand you correctly, is that about you're projecting about $300 million per year?
James M. Taylor: It's about -- yes, about somewhere between $250 million and $300 million, somewhere in there, yes.
Operator: We have a question from Chris Lucas.
Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions. One is, Don, as the recovery has sort of continued to progress and there doesn't seem to be any macro pickup at all in new center construction, have you, in the areas that you guys are active, have you noticed or have you gotten a sense that there is a greater sense of urgency among the tenants that, in fact, they need to make deals now, relative to maybe where they were 6 months ago?
Donald C. Wood: Yes, I have, Chris. And it -- I mean, part of it -- take The Assembly development for a second. Now it is new developments, new product, there's no question that we got a lot more interest in it because it was new product and because, physically, of where it was. And with the timing of the way it was going to open, by definition, there had to be a greater sense of urgency so that's part of this answer. But beyond that, I mean, where we were to where we came at Assembly, the same thing that happened at Pike & Rose, clearly indicates a sense of urgency to get stores open for 2015. And every tenant is a little different, most of them have certainly filled their '14 book, some of them have filled their '15 book also, but not all. And so when they haven't there is a big sense of urgency right now to get '15 deals open, and they get '16 deals going. So I would expect to see a pretty good ICSC coming up in 2 weeks. And I -- it's very hard to tell, you will all be asking, after that meeting, how -- what's the sentiment now, how is that -- what kind of convention did you have? But that is where you'll get some kind of an idea and it's a gut feel, more than it is done deals, as to where that sense of urgency is, for what periods of some time you're trying to fill space. So keep an eye on that over the next few weeks.
Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then, Jim, just a quick question, kind of going back to this issue of the cap rate compression dispositions, how do you weigh your equity capital requirements for future spend between -- using the ATM and the opportunity to do dispositions?
James M. Taylor: It's a balance. We have -- we're fortunate that we have a lot of great capital opportunities ahead of us and we always want to have a balance sheet that's flexible and doesn't put us in a position, Chris, where we have to access the capital markets in any particular point in time. And I think we've demonstrated that, we don't need to really raise any external capital to fund all that we have underway and then a little bit more. But it's a balance because we're taking a long-term view. And as it relates to dispositions, this company was built one asset at a time over 50 years. So while we have some assets that we think are on that list, they're not significant from a capital perspective. So they form a part of the capital plan, sure, and the cap rates make that capital look very attractive, but it's not going to be a substantial part of our funding plan.
Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: I guess I was just thinking about the Clarion JV in terms of the life cycle of that particular investment and sort of how the markets progressed.
James M. Taylor: Yes, and there, as with any joint venture, it's not a sole decision. So -- and that's -- you're on the nub of a very important point about joint ventures and that is that you have somebody else who has to agree that it's time to sell. And we've got a great relationship with them and you may see us sell an asset or 2 out of that, but not -- certainly not our decision solely.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Ms. Kristina Lennox.
Kristina Lennox : Thank you for participating today. Our team looks forward to seeing you at the ICSC and then at NAREIT in New York. Have a good weekend.
Operator: Thank you, all, for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-13 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kristina Lennox - Investor Relations Manager Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer Dawn Becker - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer James Taylor - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Jeffrey Berkes - President, West Coast Christopher Weilminster - Senior Vice President, Leasing Melissa Solis - Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Steve Sakwa - International Strategy & Investment Group Mike Mueller - JPMorgan Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus Jason White - Green Street Advisors Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Haendel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley Tayo Okusanya- Jefferies & Company Paul Morgan - MLV & Company
Operator: Welcome to the Federal Realty's fourth quarter yearend 2013 earnings conference call. My name is Freida and I'll be your operator for today's call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Kristina Lennox. Kristina, you may begin.
Kristina Lennox: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for participating on Federal Realty's fourth quarter and yearend 2013 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dawn Becker, Jim Taylor, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster and Melissa Solis. These and other members of our management team are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. In addition to our fourth quarter and yearend 2013 supplemental disclosure package, we also filed our 10-K yesterday, both documents provide you with a significant amount of valuable information with respect to the Trust's 2013 operating and financial performance and both are currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although, Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. Risks inherent in these assumptions include, but are not limited to, future economic conditions, including interest rates, real estate conditions and the risks and cost of construction. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operation. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to, Don, to begin our discussion.
Donald Wood: Thanks, Kristina, and good morning, everybody. This was a very good quarter and this was a very good year, and it sets us up beautifully to really create a lot of real estate value along with earnings over the next few years. At a time when many real estate companies are struggling to find ways to grow, our table is set. It's set right now, with the best-in-class core business that grows at 3%-plus even on an occupancy neutral basis. With hundreds and millions of dollars in new products set for delivery in 2014, the new iconic acquisitions in New Jersey with below market rents, with nearly $800 million of new debt and equity raised and capital raised in 2013, and among a lowest cost in any REIT, which will maintain and in fact improve on balance sheet flexibility during this heavy development period. The markets we operate in remains very active with leasing activity particularly strong in Northern California and Boston. 2013's completed deals, which overall were written at 20% higher rents than the prior tenant, 25% in the fourth quarter, will serve as a great start to 2014 growth and buffer some of the inevitable dilution that comes from delivering development projects. So before we go on and talk more about 2014, let's pause a minute and layoff some of the key 2013 fourth quarter and full year numbers. First of all, please note that twice during 2013 we retired debt early, to take advantage of the unprecedented low rates available on unsecured public bonds, as a result we incurred prepayment charges of $0.05 a share in the second quarter, $0.15 a share in the fourth quarter. I'm excluding those charges from the remainder of my remarks for clear and more relevant comparability. Accordingly, we generated FFO per share in the fourth quarter of $1.18 compared with a $1.11 in last year's quarter. That 6.3% growth, despite the fact that the $1.18 includes nearly $1 million for legal, due diligence and other necessary transaction cost incurred at the end of the year for the acquisition of the Grove at Shrewsbury and Brook 35 in Sea Girt, New Jersey. We closed those deals on January 1, 2014. That fourth quarter $1.18 when added to the first nine months resulted in record FFO per share 2013 of $4.61, 7% better than the prior year's $4.31 And as I thought about that result, I really want to put that total year number in perspective. To those of you, who covered us for a while will remember that 2012 was a year in which we had negotiated in an especially large amount of lease termination fees, including $6 million related to Genuardi's at Ellisburg. In total, lease termination fees were nearly $9 million more in 2012 than they were in 2013, and yet we still grew at 7%, despite the tough comps. I mentioned that's not how you include or exclude term fees in your analysis, as you know, I feel very strongly that they are regular and important part of our business. I'll merely indicate just how strong 2013 operating result really were and maybe provide a window into our 2014 growth, let me explain. Last quarter, we provided initial 2014 guidance in the range of $4.84 to $4.92 or 6% growth at the midpoint. And we'll standby, in fact, increase that guidance today. Jim will talk about guidance in a few minutes, you'll get there. Expected growth like that, despite the unavoidable and significant dilutive impact of bringing large scale development project online at Assembly and Pike & Rose is in our view remarkable. Between demolition costs and the result in loss rent, the burden of heavy initial marketing expenses, inevitable residential rent concessions and lease up timings, and staggered retail rent stores and partial rent, 2014 quarterly results will certainly be lumpy and negatively impacted by $8 million to $10 million. Yet, we still expect to grow at 5% to 7% low-point high-point of the range by the end of the year, because of the continued strong performance of the core. It goes really well for future years, as these mixed-use destinations mature and are critical and organic parts of the community that they serve, and the value created becomes more apparent. They'll grow better than more generic projects and future phases will solidify them even more. All right, back to the quarter for a minute, and it starts with really productive leasing. 82 comparable deals for nearly 400,000 square feet of space at an average first year new rent of $27.24, 25% more than the rent in the last year to previous lease. Now, what struck me about those results this quarter was just how broad-based the positive deals were, the rollover percentage wasn't due to a few good deals. The fixed anchor deals done during the quarter produced 43% more rents. The 76 small shop deals were up 19%. When it compared new tenants versus renewals, just 27 new deals produced 34% more rent and 55 renewals produced 22% more rent. We were strong throughout. In addition, we also signed 17 non-comparable deals, 14 of which were for newly constructed space at Assembly Row. Those signed deals during the fourth quarter in alphabetical order at assembly were, Adidas, Ann Taylor Loft or just Loft, Clarks, Converse, Ernesto's Pizza, Fuji Restaurant, Kay Jewelers, Luggage Factory, Paul's Bakery, Pendleton, Reebok, Saks Fifth, Steve Madden and Wilson's Leather, as they joined lots of other deals signed previously, including Nike, including AMC, including LEGOLAND and a great restaurant lineup. All-in-all this was a crazy productive leasing period as well as the entire year of 2013, most of which will benefit '14 and '15. The portfolio of occupancy remains very healthy, either on a lease basis or on a physical occupancy basis. Overall we were 95.8% leased and 95.1% physically occupied, which compares favorably to 95.3% leased and 94.9% physically occupied a year ago. And importantly, same center operating income grew 4.3%, excluding redevelopment during the quarter and 4.5% for the year, very strong numbers with only small occupancy improvements. Obviously, the stage of developments that we're in the right now dilutes those numbers a bit when you include the redevelopment impact, but even then only the 3.6% for the quarter and 4.4% for the year. From an operating perspective 2013 was banner year for Federal and we remain bullish for that to continue in 2014. I hope that most of you saw our announcement last month on the acquisition of a majority share of two iconic retail centers in Central New Jersey, called the Grove and Brook 35 in Shrewsbury and Sea Girt, respectively. Jim will talk more about some of this in his remarks, and we've had these centers on our hit list for a lot of years, because of their superior positioning within their markets. And the opportunity for market rent upside today and long into the future. The very talented team that comes with the acquisition is an added benefit that helps solidify our focus on increasing our presence in the Metropolitan New York markets. This was really a nice win to start out 2014. And in this environment of an improving economy, low interest rates, a high performing core portfolio and new income producing acquisitions, we remain on schedule and on budget to deliver the first phases of our most ambitious projects at Assembly and Pike & Rose later this year. Both will grand open if you will in the September/October timeframe. So with Assembly, both the AMC Theatre and LEGOLAND will open up earlier, in fact in May, along with other select retailers through a soft opening process that will continue through the summer. At Pike & Rose, the street retails and one of the two residential buildings will open in October, with the second residential building 300 unit 20-storey, high-rise is set to open in mid-2015. At this point, the total retail space at both Assembly Row and Pike & Rose is 87% leased or under fully negotiated LOIs, and we're well underway in our pricing and preliminary leasing research for the next phase of both. By the next quarterly call, we should be able to provide initial indications of residential demand at Pike & Rose, as we expect to open our leasing office at that site next month. Lastly, at Assembly, you've probably heard by now that Partners Healthcare, a pre-eminent healthcare provider in New England has chosen Assembly Row as the place to consolidate all of their administrative functions in approximately 700,000 square feet of office and bring in excess of 4,700 employees to Somerville, at the completion of construction in 2017. The deal with Partners contemplate the ground lease structure with an option of buys a few years out. And they'll construct their own office. They'll do the construction of their office on the old IKEA parcel. Federal will own the service-oriented retail enforcement of projects. We could be happier with Partners' decision to come to Assembly Row. It's a game changer for the entire area. We're in the process of negotiating documents with Partners and expect to have this complex deal finalized over the next few months. Heading west, residential lease-up at Misora, a $75 million project at Santana Row, has started out strong with 68 of the first 78 units, those are the ones the first building, and 36 of the 134 units in the later phase building leased at rates in excess of our pro forma. So we have people living in the first phase at this point, and are nearly 50% leased overall with construction scheduled to be wrapped up over the next six months, and the first half of the lease-up process is looking very strong. Let's go down south in California, south of L.A., where construction on The Point, the $80 million lifestyle project adjacent to Plaza El Segundo is underway. It's on schedule and it's on budget at this early stage. We are signing leases with both restaurants and retailer demand, and both are very strong. More on this great project on future calls. The Point is expected to open in mid-2015. So that's about it for my prepared remarks. I think you can see that we have an awful lot going on. The core is firing on all cylinders, and despite some inevitable bumpiness this year and next, we're very confident that we're building mixed-used destinations that will undoubtedly create a long-term value for the Trust. It's an exciting time at Federal Realty, and I look forward to taking your questions, following some more financial detail from Jim Taylor. Jim?
James Taylor: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. As Don reviewed, 2013's performance really underscores the five key talents of our business plan that we outlined at our Investor Day at Assembly Row. One, the strong continued performance in the core portfolio. Two, additional identified redevelopments that further enhance that core, in fact, we identified this year over $100 million of additional projects. Three, opportunistic acquisitions of high-quality assets such as the Grove at Shrewsbury and Brook 35. Four, and importantly, significant progress on the $500 million strategic mixed-used pipeline that we have, with over two-thirds of that delivering this year. These are projects that set us up very well for years to come. And five, importantly, a strong balance sheet that provides us maximum flexibility to fund this growth. As Don mentioned, the $1.18 for the quarter and the $4.61 of FFO for the Trust do represent record results. This builds on a multi-year track record of successive bottomline growth in a sector where no other shopping center company has recovered the prior peak. What makes this relevant performance even more remarkable is that we've achieved this bottomline growth this year, while investing significantly in our future growth. We are not holding back our growth through asset recycling or balance sheet fixes, we're delivering it now. As Don discussed, the primary driver of our performance this year has always been our core portfolio. This portfolio continues to produce growth principally through contractual rent bumps and strong rollover versus merely occupancy gains. As I will discuss further on our outlook, we expect to push rollover in 2014 to take advantage of the strong tenant demand that we see for our centers. Overall, our rental revenue increased to $620 million and our POI reached $447 million, both record results for the Trust. Our POI margin remained stable at 70% for the year, despite significantly lower termination fees than what we realized in 2012, as Don discussed. Further and importantly, during the year we retained strict discipline on G&A and substantially reduced overall interest expense through our refinancing. Turning to the balance sheet. We raised $68 million of equity under our ATM during the quarter at a weighted average price of $104.77, significantly above our volume price during the quarter. Following our upgrade to A3 by Moody's in December, we completed our offering of the 3.95% notes, utilizing the proceeds to prepay our 7.50% mortgages and our 5.90% notes, as we discussed during our last call. We incurred a prepayment charge in connection with that transaction of $9.9 million. For the year, we raised $575 million of 10-year debt at a weighted average coupon of 3.38%. That brought our weighted average interest rate down by 70 basis points to 4.76%. Again, we did this while extending our average maturity, not going short. Also, we have an opportunity to continue to reduce our rate even in a rising rate environment over the next 24 months, as average rate of our maturing debt is 6.9%. We ended the year with a cash balance of $89 million, nothing drawn on our $600 million line of credit and maximum flexibility to fund our development activity. Importantly, our credit metrics remain strong with fixed charge coverage of 3.5, debt-to-EBITDA of 5.3x, which again provide us the flexibility to opportunistically access the capital markets. Turning to acquisitions, as Don mentioned, we closed this month our two iconic assets. The Grove at Shrewsbury and Brook 35 that have been on our target list for many years, for a total value of $161 million. We acquired an effective 84% economic interest in these assets for a mix of OP units, the assumption of debt and about $13 million of cash. Importantly, this transaction was completed on an off-market basis. That exclusive negotiation demonstrated truly the value of these private owners placed on our currency, which allowed us to avoid a bid process that would likely haven driven the pricing on an all-cash deal, well through the upper upgrades that we achieved. As to the assets themselves, in addition to the leasing synergies that Chris Weilminster and team will realize from the tenant demand to go into high quality asset such as these, we see two other key benefits. First, we believe we'll be able to drive meaningful growth in rents of these properties over time as the existing rents are below market and we also believe we can enhance the merchandising. Our recently signed LOIs underscore the upside in the rent that we believe exists. Second, as Don alluded to, our partnership with Chris Cole of Metrovation who retains a 7% interest in these assets, not only enhances our regional operations, but will bring additional investment opportunities in the Greater New York Metro regions. Net of the transferred taxes we reported in 2014, we expect that Metrovation will add about $0.02 of FFO this year and about $0.03 going forward. From a pipeline perspective, with respect to acquisitions we remain very busy. A number of the situations that we're looking at are off-market and involve structure. With that said, pricing, of course, remains very robust. Turning to our outlook. We've increased our guidance range to $4.86 to $4.93, an increase of $1.05 at the midpoint, which is primarily the impact of the Metrovation acquisition, offset in part by a increase in the turnover that we project during the year. We expect our occupancy to dip slightly during 2014 as we roll larger anchor spaces such as OfficeMax and Pacific Sales at East Bay Bridge, the 11 spaces at Friendship and Crow Canyon, Kohl's at Melville, Staples at Quince Orchard, Valleys at Governor and others. In this leasing environment, we are excited to have the opportunity to get after these spaces and drive better long-term deals for the Trust. However, the rollover will cause some drag during the year. On the same-store basis, we expect our growth per year to be in the 4% area including redevelopment. We expect that NOI growth will start lower during the year and accelerate as tenants occupy space. In addition to this rollover, we do expect some drag early in the year due to snow. Finally, we expect our G&A to remain stable at $30 million to $31 million. The FFO growth of 6% implied by guidance is remarkable when you consider the $0.13 to $0.15 of bottomline drag that we will incur in 2014 to properly deliver our mixed-used development. As we discussed last quarter, that drag is attributable to $0.04 to $0.05 of upfront marketing cost as we grand open Assembly and Pike & Rose and build upon existing shopping practices and consumer awareness. $0.05 to $0.06 of drag related to the multi-family lease up of Misora at Santana Row and Building 12 at Pike & Rose. Another $0.01 to $0.02 of demolition cost at Mid-Pike Plaza, in addition to the $0.02 to $0.03 attributable lost NOI from the space that was taken down. And finally, $0.01 to $0.02 of percentage rent in Assembly Row that will not be realized in the first year. From a timing perspective, a significant part of the mixed-used development that we have been discussing for some time is coming this year. We expect to deliver approximately $350 million in 2014. We are progressing well from a timing standpoint, and importantly, on budget. Those deliveries include our $75 million investment at Misora, which is currently 49% pre-leased and is expected to stabilize in the latter half of the year. Approximately, $125 million of our Phase 1 investment at Pike & Rose will also deliver this year, which includes the 174 residential units and Building 12, which we began leasing next month. As well as the 150,000 square foot retail component, which we'll open in the early fall. As Don mentioned, over 88% is pre-leased. The retail in Phase 1 of Assembly Row, which represents a $150 million of investment is over 86% pre-leased or under LOI, will open in phases at summer and will stabilize in 2015. As always with this activity that we're bringing on line, we have maximum flexibility to fund it through the capital structure that we've maintained. In summary, this is an exciting year for the Trust as the deliveries have developed and that will create significant value both upon delivery and over the longer term, as these premium locations generate premium rents and growth. And of course, all of this is supported by a core portfolio that continues to outperform in a balance sheet that is one of the best in the industry. With that operator, I'd like to turn the call over to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Steve Sakwa.
Steve Sakwa - International Strategy & Investment Group: Two questions. Jim, the capital plan are in the guidance for 2014, have you assumed any equity issuance and what have you assumed in kind of terms of new fixed-rate debt borrowings.
James Taylor: So we're going to remain opportunistic during the year in terms of what we have assumed. We're about a $150 million of equity and we'll look to raise the balance of our development spend, probably through a reopen of our existing issue or another issue later in the year.
Steve Sakwa - International Strategy & Investment Group: And then it's a little bit of nuance question. As you kind of look at the rollover schedule back on Page 23, there is a big, big difference, if tenants assume exercise of lease options and if they don't and it obviously skews the square footage, and the expiring rents considerably. How do we just sort of think about that? I mean is it as simple as looking back at the percentage of renewals versus new leases done in 2013? How do you think about the lease spreads in '14 and '15?
Donald Wood: That's a good question, Steve, I'll tell you, and it has come before. The nice thing about this portfolio is you've got a history there and you can almost count on in any particular period of time, we're going to do something like 1.3 million or 1.4 million square feet of space. That just as seems like that's growing from 1.2 or 1.3 a little bit some years ago, but basically it's only a mix of tenants that exercise options and tenants that don't, and there is tenant in there. Basically, if you're using number like that you'll be pretty close, number one. Number two, with respect to that mix, historically, if you look, we are pretty close to two-thirds renewals and one-third new leases. Obviously any year could be different to that, but that's a pretty good way to kind of think about our business. 2013 was a great year in terms of rollover, just a great year. I think it would be hard to match that again with rollovers like that. But it's going to be a good year again. And it has started out that way in the beginning part of 2014. So make it a good year just don't make it a best of all time.
James Taylor: And Steve, I think as Don pointed out, we do historically, when you go back and you look over several years, get after a lot more space and what suggested by the federal.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Mueller.
Mike Mueller - JPMorgan: Actually I tried to get out of the queue. Steve touched on my question.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities: Actually a few question, one on your guidance for 2014, Jim, you have a lot of moving pieces going on this year. I know you don't give quarterly guidance, but are you able to maybe just talk about how we should be thinking about some of these moving pieces, maybe one of the most influential ones coming and going? And I guess should we be thinking about earnings in terms of I guess will call it a quarterly rent or is it going to be more choppy than that?
James Taylor: Let me first say, we are confident in our guidance overall for the year. As always been the case for the company, we typically have a ramp from the quarters to the final quarter. I think that will probably be exaggerated a bit this year given that we will be expanding some of that development drag earlier in the year and not realizing much NOI contribution from development until the latter part of the year. And then the second part of that is because of the rollover I mentioned, we do have some tenants taking occupancy later in the year under signed deals that will further enhanced that growth. So year-over-year you might see more of a ramp in 2014 than you're seeing in prior years. And then to your other point, yes, we are delivering a lot of development and we will have some volatility in the quarters due to things like the precise timing of the demolition of mid-Pike. If that moves by couple of weeks that can swing things by $1 million quarter-to-quarter, but overall for the year, we feel confident with the guidance. We feel good about what we're seeing the year set up in terms of the core and certainly feel very good about the development progress and the leasing progress at the projects that we're delivering.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities: I'm curious, are you willing to share maybe where you see your Q4 sorting out, it's just sort of that that's going to be base if you will for your 2015?
James Taylor: Not at this point, Jeff. Not.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities: And just to switch gears on acquisition, you made some acquisitions obviously during the quarter using some attractively price currency. Can you maybe just talk a little bit about the strategy of those properties? But then stepping back, do they maybe foreshadow a change in your approach to acquisitions because they don't strike me at first class as necessarily maybe under managed or redevelopment candidates. So does that imply maybe more of willingness to buy assets that might be a bit flatter as long as that pricing is right?
Donald Wood: No, it doesn't imply that at all, Jeffrey. Let's talk about this a bit. A year ago we would have talked about East Bay Bridge, right, which is a big power center in San Francisco. And I think you could ask exactly the same question a year go about East Bay Bridge. These particular assets that we bought have great long-term growth prospects. And I guess, I really want to just reiterate, and I think this makes us different than a lot of retail companies. We will buy any type of retail real estate, other than malls, which is not our business that's where we see a growing stream of cash flows. A way to get to that growing stream of cash flows is either through releasing which absolutely the Grove and Brook 35 pads associated with them or from redevelopment. And it's a cash flow business, and so we look real hard at that. And for us to buy the right properties, whether they pretty like the Grove or ugly like East Bay Bridge, what's pretty about both of them is where we see the cash flow projections. And as long as they are in areas, where we believe are improving areas and areas where demand is going to exceed supply, you're going to see us buying. I think this is the right down the middle of the plate for what it is that we identify from the acquisition side.
James Taylor: One thing I would highlight again on in this transaction, Jeff, is it's a structured deal. We were able to utilize currency, which was attractive here to the seller. And if you think about some of the other opportunities that Jeff Berkes has on the West Coast and we happy around East Coast, is there is a similar team in terms of the tax structuring and other things these sellers want to achieve.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities: And just one last question, maybe to switch coasts out to Santana, is I was just out there recently meeting with some property owners in the immediate area and they were telling me that demand for space is really picking up in that area, particularly around Santana. Are you guys seeing activity on remaining called sites at your project and maybe have you revisited the opportunity to buy in either, homes that are to the west of your core property or even across to the street that old Century Theater or across Winchester?
Donald Wood: Have you been sitting in our management meetings? Jeff, careful how you answer, but answer. Will you?
Jeffrey Berkes: Yes. I mean things out here in Northern California are going very well, as I am sure you know that our job growth is still strong and people are still spending money, in a lot of cases, a lot of money. And we're seeing that in many different ways. We are obviously seeing at the retail stores at Santana Row and the restaurant sales volumes, we're seeing that at Misora, where Don mentioned, we're kind of in the middle of our lease up. That project is being very, very well received by the apartment renter community here. And again as Don mentioned, we're a bit above our pro forma so far on rents. So yes, we are seeing a lot of positive things going on around here. Now, would we start buying single-family homes on the east side of Santana Row? No, I don't think so. But you probably know, too, that we're in the middle of a rezoning of Santana Row, which is going to allow us to public process and like any public process who knows what the outcome is, right. But assuming we get what we want it's going to allow us to develop the south end of the property and complete if you will Santana Row and effectively take advantage of a lot of the demand that's going on out here today. And what we are seeing in addition to strong demand for the rental apartments, and the stores and the restaurants is something we are really seeing in all of the markets in which we operate, and started seeing a few years ago, the different way that people look at office space. And historically, office space has been sort of the commodity product and with traffic in a lot of these major cities on the coast and also I think maybe a little bit of a different mindset from the employee and employer, the other thing we are seeing is a huge, huge premium being placed on office space that offers an amenity base. So if you live out here, you have an opportunity to get a job at Google or Yahoo or eBay or Apple, those huge companies all have their own campuses. But there is a ton of companies that obviously can't afford to do that and what we have here in Santana Row, and quite frankly, what we have in a lot of our mixed-use properties is a built-in campus that's heavily amenitized. So I am not sure yet what we're going to do or when we're going to do it, but we're definitely setting ourselves up to be flexible and take advantage of what you pointed out, which is strong, strong demand around our mixed-use properties here at Santana specifically.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christy McElroy.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: I'm wondering if you could confirm that you have applied to be the master developer for the Union Square revitalization in Somerville. Can you just talk generally about that essential project and what it might mean for Somerville and for Assembly Row?
Donald Wood: I can talk a little bit about it, Christy. Yes, I mean there is an opportunity, that's a broad-based opportunity in Union Square, that section of Somerville to effectively to redeveloping and create the kind of urban fabric that we've done in some other places. And so with a full service office up there including most importantly, frankly, Don Briggs, and the relationships that we've build and the understanding of Somerville, we want to have a look at that. It's early in the process. These things take long time as you know. We're not spending any money at this point. We're simply trying to look at whether we can be part or whether we should be part of what we'll ultimately be a pretty cool urbanization if you will of a great area of Somerville.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: Regarding the Pike & Rose residential delivery, I know you said you're opening your leasing office next month, what percentage are you sort of budgeting to be pre-released that opening and then sort of yearend?
Donald Wood: On the residential?
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: Yes, on the residential.
Donald Wood: Let me just to be clear, so we've got 212 units, I believe in the first building.
Dawn Becker: Actually, it's 174.
Donald Wood: We have 174 units at Building 12 at Pike & Rose. The sales office will open up something like March 1, something like that. We've got a real long list together, and in fact, hundreds long today of interested parties. We don't have money down on any, but a couple of people. We just have to be there. I do believe the demand that has been anecdotal demand in what's happened so far is going to mean real strong demand and lease up. Now, we're going to have to see, but going through that the number that we expect to be by the end of the year of that 174, its how many, Dawn, do you know?
Dawn Becker: It's 15 to 24 month as we're averaging about 100 and 120-ish range.
Donald Wood: So if you think about starting around May and going from May through the end of the year at 15 to 22 month that will give you a pretty good idea. Then the rest will finish up in '15.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: And then just lastly, following-up on Jeff's question, and your answer, Don, about buying retail real estate with growing cash flows, how does sort of urban street retail fit into that like, Manhattan, Chicago, especially as retailers are kind of focusing a lot on having sort of flagship base to drive overall brand, how do you think about street retail?
Donald Wood: Listen, it's one of the areas that make a lot of sense. The problem is how do you execute it. And the more urban the streets get whether you're talking about Lincoln Road or whether you are talking about Chicago, wherever you are talking about, it's hard to get any critical mass. And we found that out the hard way frankly, and in the 90s. You can buy one-off buildings and that's fine, except it doesn't allow you to really impact the street. The street is going to be what the street is and you'll rise when things are good and you'll fall when things are not as good. And I do look at those streets as positive things generally over the next decade or two or three. But we prefer to be able to create that environment or at least have significant impact on that environment, because that helps us drive rents. It's a very hard to do that on a one-off basis on those streets. So that's a hair in the overall argument for us.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: And we'll continue the theme Jeff Donnelly's questions. On Santana Row, just given how the tech boom this cycle has a lot longer legs than it did back in the dotcom, how are you guys thinking about building out the rest of Santana? Especially as demand for office space increases and makes office right now sort of a valuable asset class. Is there a push from your end to try and capture that as quickly as you can or is that sort of classic Federal and just sort of follow a patient, prudent pace and not be forced by what's going on with the market at the moment?
Donald Wood: Great question, Alex. Let me start on this, Jeff, and please correct me wherever you would like to. Its classic Federal plus, the reality is Alex, what we've spend, as you know, a long time building and growing and massaging on that 40 acres at Santana Row is it's humming pretty well. And as Jeff was saying, there is clearly not only a market that looks pretty good out there, but there are market trends that look real good for us and our type of projects when it comes to the amenity base. So we're working real hard. We're working plans right now for the end of that street, we would love to be able to go to investment committee and then effectively to the board and be able to talk about something late this year to be able to get started out there, and that is directly at the end of the street. I think it would have an office component. I think it would have residential component. I think it will have a resell component. And I do not think that that has all embedded today as we sit here on February whatever it is to be able to give you more specifics on that. But there is absolutely a sense of urgency from the standpoint of careful urgency and there is the plus the classic Federal to being able to develop at the end of street. And what's probably going to be what we seem to see is the very strong Silicon Valley market, that probably has five, six, seven years or less.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: So basically around NAREIT time or this earnings call, a year from now, you will be able to give us a lot more color on what's going to go on in the South end.
Donald Wood: That would be very, very helpful. That would be our hope, yes.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: The second question is you guys talked about pushing more turnover this year, which is a theme you know that a number of your brethren have also been emphasizing, but 2013 was obviously a very good landlords market as well. Do you see it as simply a continuation of the leverage that you guys had in '13 or your view is that the demand is even greater in '14 and then there is even a great ability for you guys as landlords to push turnover and get in more productive tenants?
Donald Wood: Neither of those choices, it's the third choice. Opportunity has presented itself. And I'll give you very specific example, when we bought East Bay Bridge, there are clearly tenants there that do extremely well and there are other tenants there that don't. We're working hard and effectively, we have made progress and being able to replace two of those tenants with much better economics, much better merchandising, be able to create a much better shopping center. We will be able to get there this year we believe. Two boxes, we'll go dark this year. That's great news. Will occupancy dip? Sure. Who cares? That's all about creating value there. I could say that about the same in Melville, Long Island, where we're very close to a deal to replace one of the boxes. What we are talking about generally, the reason we're talking about it here or Jim mentioned it proactively in this call is because they are anchor boxes and they take big pieces of space. So they will move the occupancy number. To the extent, we have that and don't have anything to fill it, its bad news. In every case, we are sitting there with a very, very good with great alternatives where demand exceeds supply. And so you'll see some of these occupancy hit this year, but you'll see, from my perspective, great value creation at those shopping centers.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: So most of those spaces you have already backfilled or you are in talks with the signed contractors.
Donald Wood: We are working deals. Nothing is a done deal, it never is at the stage in that type, when there is another tenant that's still in operating, but we're real confident effectively when the demand exceeds supply that we will get our deals done.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: And the final is just a Jim Taylor question. Jim, on the guidance that you laid out and the $0.13 to $0.15 hit for this year for everything going on, you spoke about, if I got my notes right $0.01 to $0.02 from demolition, $0.02 to $0.03 from lost NOI. I would sort of think that would be the same, but I didn't hear you mention an offset from having increased capitalized interest, so if you could just run back through those?
James Taylor: There is not much of an increase because of capitalized interest, because of how we are funding it. We are not writing out on the line with cheap debt and capitalizing at a higher rate, Alex. So there is not a spread there. In terms of the impact at midpoint, we now have to expand demolition cost, years ago when I learned GAAP, they were capitalized. But we won't be taking that. In addition, year-over-year, we're loosing about $0.02 to $0.03 of NOI at that center as we take it down. So those really are the components there. And again, as I mentioned, we'll have more marketing cost as we bring up on these great mixed-use platforms and build customer awareness and build shopping practices. There will be more marketing dollars that we spend as we open these projects then we'll spend on a recurring basis. And finally the other big component to add again is we'll be opening up multifamily projects and leasing them into stabilization, but as they open and we stop capitalizing that interest, NOI initially will be below where that capitalized interest would be on that, and then back to the capitalized interest, it ends up being a wash based on how we are financing it.
Operator: And the next question comes from Nathan Isbee.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus: Federal doesn't report sales numbers like, as you call it, your mall brethren, but you do have a fair amount of retailers that do report sales. I'm just curious, if you can give us some anecdotal figures on how sales and traffic trends look?
Donald Wood: I will. It's a particular piece of mind, Nat, because I wish in the shopping center business and the shopping center world it was more common to have tenants report. I mean basically of our 20 million square feet, we have about 6 million square feet that reports. So I hate that. And when you look at where it is, we've got almost complete reporting with great information to be able to analyze and talk about at Santana and there will be at the mixed-use projects that we're doing, but our acquired shopping centers over the years, they don't generally. So it's a real mix bag. What we see, I can tell you overall is modest sales growth and flat traffic, and when I say flat traffic the only data we have are our specific counters that we do have at Santana or on the East Coast specific traffic studies that we do and counts that we do, but nothing that is statistically significant or frankly able to be relied on. So what my comments are anecdotal comments. I also feel really good frankly that the sales productivity generally that we're seeing that there is a wider grouping of tenants that do really well and others that don't do as well rather than we see that is part of why there are tenants like Loehmann's that are going away, that it is why there are the opportunity to do stuff with the Office Depot, OfficeMax consolidation that's happening in the industry, because they are underperforming and there are transactions happening to handle those type of tenancies. I love that the newer, the better tenants, that we frankly invest capital in some cases to grow are doing better than we thought that they would be doing at this point in time. So I guess that's not really much different than what I've said over the years. It really always is a tale of two cities in some respects and why you really do have to merchandise with the tenants for the next 10 years, and not the tenants with the last 10.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus: So I mean, I guess the world is changing and from a merchandising perspective aside from usual suspects that we all know about, has Federal changed your approach in terms of what you want, what you're going to work to get out, et cetera?
Donald Wood: Chris, you can add to this. But certainly, I think the answer is, yes. I think when we look at the importance of amenities to the other uses, so the residential use or an office use and everything else, and we really think hard about what are retail uses that are important and to the future, not to the past. It is why you see us investing in the restaurant industry generally, the way we do to use that bankers. And by the way, the thing I love about them compared to traditional anchors, is that they are not subsidized deals effectively. So now that doesn't mean a restaurant is an anchor, it means a grouping of restaurants, is an anchor. It means, when one or two or three of them go away, because the restaurant business is hard, so what, because you're looking at it as a portfolio of seven or 10 or 12 restaurants. So that whole strategy, I think we've gotten really good at. I think we've gotten good at that by in part necessity the type of product that we're building, but also because we've been doing it for a long time. And so we've got leasing people who are specializing effectively in that different part of world. I think if you look at health clubs, I think we talked about health clubs 10 years ago or 15 year ago, they were completely different types of business in terms of the business model than they are today, and where they're going forward, how they're going forward. The Bally's model of 1999 is not that, it's not a pre-funded model. So I do think, Nate, you are seeing, and we have our eyes always, on the future largely because the type of thing that we're investing in and building, often have other uses that are dependent on getting the merchandising just right.
Christopher Weilminster: I would just add to that, our culture with regard to leasing is all about merchandise mix. It's how do we create the best mousetrap that best serves the needs of the signing community and brings that consumer to our project over other shopping centers around us. I would point to one very specific example, which we're ecstatic about up at Mercer Mall in Princeton. We're taking out one of our electronics retailers, which as we all know is a challenged category right now, because of the internet sales and the competition in that specific category, and replacing it with Nordstrom Rack. We're putting in an amazing soft goods brand that will complement Bed Bath and Beyond, and our Ross, and our T.J. Maxx and the other smaller soft goods retailers there. We're actually downsizing that center as well DSW who has too much space and bringing in another very complementary category or tenant called Charming Charlie's. So we're always looking opportunistically at how we can improve our tenant mix in this environment to bring the consumer and better mix for our existing retailers to drive traffic and sales.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus: And then just as a follow-up, there's been a lot of changes in the peer group, so some REITs getting smaller concentrating on certain geographies, others getting bigger, expanding nationally. Just curious from your perspective, how much would you say geographic concentration matters in retail in general and perhaps how that differs with your portfolio?
Donald Wood: I do believe it matters. I believe it matters for the most fundamental reason that has nothing to do with synergies or kind of the obvious things. I believe it matters, because this is a local business, and there is no point than I am more sure of, after doing this here for 15 years, then we do a far better job when we have a concentrated group of shopping centers in an area that we know like the back of our hand. And it follows in the type of things that we're building, it follows in the limited number of markets we're in, it follows in the type of things within those markets that we are buying. I firmly believe that that benefit at the local knowledge and local operations, if you will, from leasing to development to property management, all of those things, that's where your make your incremental money much more than in a very expanded generic type of business plan. At least that's our experience.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus: And then just finally on Assembly, the Partners Health deal, I'm just curious, bringing in 4,700 workers to that site. How the site is currently designed, if it can handle that many incremental cars, people, et cetera, and what you might be doing to address that?
Donald Wood: One of the main reasons that Partners choose that site was something that we've been trying to address for seven years, and that's getting a T-Stop to stop there and it does. And so the dynamics of that piece of land truly completely changed in terms of accessibility and logistics, the day that the MBTA in Massachusetts have turned that stop. It changed the site. That's huge. In addition to that when you take a look at the brand new infrastructure and road that are built, and part of it, $15 million of which was funded was one of the first shovel-ready projects in the country, and was federally funded which is at Grant Park Avenue that goes right through it. Now, there is no question that both the T-Stop, the new infrastructure around the property and most importantly the highway infrastructure, which is right there and that's been underutilized in terms of that site in that area forever is able to handle it and enthusiastically so after being underutilized for decades.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus: So no incremental infrastructure close to get them in?
Donald Wood: More than there's been. I mean we paid fees for the T. We paid if off.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jason White.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors: Just to stick on the tenant front for a minute. It seems that food uses have been taking up a lot of space post-recession with a lot of internet challenged categories kind of going away. How much food use can strip centers or retail centers really support long-term without other categories coming in and backfilling some space that's going away?
Donald Wood: Yes. I love that question. It depends. The one thing that I was kind of worried about when I talk about our belief in food categories is I don't put enough parentheses around this or explanatory comments. It depends on the right food uses, it depends on the supply that's available in the surrounding communities, it absolutely depends on the operator who is good at it effectively doing. And just like anything else, of course, it can absolutely be -- we can too much, we can over-absorb, if you will. So there are a lot of places that we see the right type of food uses and hitting a giant lacking in that community, and this wasn't me, this was my predecessors. And my predecessors said, you're telling me, you can drive up and down Stevens Creek Boulevard, and there was every path to replace in the world on Stevens Creek Boulevard in between every car dealership in the world. But there was no amalgamation of quality differentiating price point experiential restaurants. That's what Santana brought. That's why it so powerful. If you look at the pure numbers, the square footage of food uses that was available there before it was tons. You wouldn't have said, well, god, we need more food, we need the right type of food. And that applies today, Jason. So to the extent people talk about, well, yes, we're doing a lot more food, in just a big generic way you got to dig down and figuring out, are they really hitting a consumer need in that particular community.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors: And then one more question on Assembly Row, as you dabble in the outlet world. Have you identified any other properties that might be a good fit for big redevelopment and outlet type deal?
Donald Wood: I love the dabble in the outlet world. Can I just address that for a second? I feel like I need to. We are not dabbling any outlet world with respect to Assembly. What we're creating in Assembly is different, it really is. It's not going to be a typical outlet center. It's not going to be a typical mixed-use center. It's not going to be an entertainment center. What we are doing there is trying to put together usage and the type of retailers that we think that community dramatically lacks. And that's why the merchandising mix is what we think works and makes sense there. Now, there is no question that as part of our dabbling in the outlet world, we develop some pretty darn good relationships with retailers and pieces of retailers, that's not their full-line stores, but they're outlet concept. So we have developed and increased our relationships there. It would be very unusual for us not to take advantage. You'd be mad at us, if we didn't take advantage of those new found relationships and use them throughout other parts of Federal Realty's portfolio. But the notion of taking other parts of Federal Realty portfolio and converting them to outlet malls would be the wrong way to think about it.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors: And then lastly, just in terms of dispositions this year, do you guys have anything contemplated?
Donald Wood: Yes, we got a couple of them, that we're going through the pre-marketing on shopping centers that really don't fit us anymore. In some cases it's rent growth in terms of what we see there, in another place it's geographical. But we're looking hard at probably selling two this year, two shopping centers.
Operator: And your next question comes from Craig Schmidt.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: On the two new, New Jersey properties, how long will it be before you can really tap into the below-market rents and also improve the overall leasing? And I guess on a follow-up, what will Metrovation be working on beyond the two New Jersey projects?
Donald Wood: I love the question, Craig. First of all, the first answer to your first question is 37 days. And I say that a little tongue-in-cheek, but not really, what I am trying to say there is already in the first two deals that we have negotiated, we are beating our underwriting pro forma, because the demand to get into that shopping center, particularly the Grove, absolutely exceeds the supply available. Now, that doesn't mean we are emptying out the Grove and releasing it with lots of new tenants at 40% more rent. The Metrovation folks have done an amazing job of creating a pretty darn good merchandising there. But you know, they are now, and this goes to your second part of the question, our trick is to take this great work that these folks have done and the great talents of these folks and to not take any of the negatives away, but add to them the platform that is Federal. The relationships that Federal Realty has and we have bigger portfolio, and a lot of the tenants that are at the Grove and Brook 35 are tenants that make a lot of sense for sense for us for Santana, for Bethesda Row, for Charlottesville, for Barracks Road. There are a bunch of those type of shopping centers and retail centers in our portfolio that that will really open up opportunities for the Grove. So as they come up, Craig, you should continue to expect to see improving NOI there. Now, that team, which with, albeit at a much slower platform and much left to work with effectively in terms of resources has done a great job there and we would like them to help us, help do a better job at Brick Shopping Center, which is in the marketplace, we've own Brick for a long time, but its one of those shopping centers that we manage from Philadelphia. While going back to what I said before, it's hard to imagine that those folks, even though Brick Shopping Center is a power type center with some small shop, it's a very different type of shopping center, those folks right there, they're going to run. That should help us in very end, with our plan for the ultimate plan for the redevelopment and add shopping centers. So the team and the resources that we're getting, we're working really hard to make sure we don't screw up if you will the great parts of them, but to supplement the benefits of having a bigger platform in Federal.
James Taylor: Craig, there is another part of your question in terms of investment opportunities and Chris Cole in particular is already keying up the ancillary opportunities to the existing assets as well as other investment opportunities in the Greater New York Metro region, sort of enhancing what we're already turning up with Harold and team. So we're excited about that prospect as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste.
Haendel St. Juste : Can you talk about your estimated occupancy cost ratio and target occupancy cost ratio for centers like Santana, Bethesda?
 Morgan Stanley: Can you talk about your estimated occupancy cost ratio and target occupancy cost ratio for centers like Santana, Bethesda?
Donald Wood: I guess I can. I can tell you that first of all overall at Federal, overall at Federal, the occupancy ratio was around 8. And I very much believe that overall, even today that could be 11 or 12. Now, within the portfolio, when you break it down to the Santana, the Bethesda and a grocery-anchored shopping center, which is obviously very different. I mean you have got huge differences associated with that. And I'll talk Bethesda, and let Jeff do Santana. When I look at Bethesda today and see what had happened with our rents. Our rents and our sales -- our sales are much better than they used to be. Our rents are higher. The rental growth has been higher than the sales growth over a long period of time. But the business is better in there, are healthier business than there used to be. The businesses can afford higher occupancy costs and there is the fundamental problem that you have in your job you're trying to make everybody comparable. The reality is that our work on the merchandising, our work on putting the right tenants together is partly -- not partly, largely, so that they are able to pay higher rent and higher occupancy ratios. So we try hard to get the right type of tenants including the ones that are operating the best way. So at Bethesda today, I think that probably overall occupancy in the 9s. And I think there is more room to go there than almost anywhere else. I don't know about Santana, how do you feel, Jeff.
Jeffrey Berkes: Yes, it's one of those things that's difficult to paint with the broad brush, because there is a high degree of variability depending on the tenant type, whether it's a sit-down or a quick-serve restaurant, whether it's vertically integrated retailer or not, I think on average our occupancy cost ratios at Santana are 200 basis points higher than they are at Bethesda, but it's something we look really hard at and work with the tenants on. We want to make sure we're getting as much rent as possible. We also want to make sure we have successful businesses obviously, and a lot of that discussion goes into the structuring of the lease and percentage rent breakpoints and that kind of thing. And there is also a bit of a moving target too, as the sales per square foot productivity moves up, what a tenant can afford to pay in rents and what the occupancy cost ratio can look like on those incremental sales once they get over a level where their fixed costs are covered changes to. So it's highly variable. But I think that's a low-double digits number at Santana with probably some room to grow as sales here have grown, right. We've seen significant sales growth over the last two or three years. There is definitely a little bit of headwind there.
Haendel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley: And on Mercer Mall and Barracks Road, the yield went down on Mercer and up on Barracks Road versus last quarter. Can you talk a little bit about what's changed at those two projects? And then also what moved the anticipated stabilization on the Shops at Willow Lawn from 2013 to 2014?
Melissa Solis: Let me handle your question on Barracks and Mercer. Really nothing has changed on those. I mean as you can the numbers, the capital we're talking about is relatively small and really what happens is you have little movement as you start refining your numbers. Barracks is probably a little bit more definitive, because we are closer to the end, so we have a very clear cost side of the equation. We know what the revenue is, we know what the cost releasing contingencies looks a little bit better than we have anticipated. Mercer is nothing more than the normal, little bit of moving around as you're progressing through the process and just rounding as we're reflecting it there.
Donald Wood: And what was the last question? Willow?
Jeffrey Berkes: And Willow Lawn has pushed back a bit on stabilization as we're getting the restaurant anchors in this year. So we'll have some additional leasing activity around that.
Haendel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley: And then last one, can you talk about new developments, how can you show 3% to 4% same-store NOI growth in the second year with little, or I guess, no rollover?
Donald Wood: You know, I've said this before, and until I am proven wrong, and I don't think I will be, I believe our business, the shopping center business is a 1.5% to 2% grower. That's what I think it is. I think Federal is a 3% grower. Occupancy neutral over a long period of time, that's what our business is. Within that period of time, occupancy is never neutral, number one. And there are cycles effectively, it's not as pronounced as in some of the other sectors, but there are cycles. Right now it's good cycle. And I think these numbers are really, really strong. I don't think that in the business, in general, that shopping center business can sustain 3.5% and 4% growth occupancy neutral. I don't think it's that type of business.
James Taylor: And to get to some of the products that we're delivering to and why we're excited about these mixed-used environments is that they do tend to grow not just with what the retail ground floor is doing and that percentage rents and other things that we generate above the fixed minimum rent on the ground floor. Importantly, we're driving growth in things like the multifamily and the other uses that are part of that environment. And that's how we see those assets even after we deliver it continue to grow kind of better than a typical shopping center.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tayo Okusanya.
Tayo Okusanya- Jefferies & Company: Just a couple of quick ones on Assembly. First of all, wanted to get a sense of how well the AVB assets are doing there and how that could shape how you start to think about Phase 2 of the project although Phase 2 is still a couple of years out?
Donald Wood: First, Tayo, would you please call Tim Naughton and ask about the AvalonBay and how they're doing there. Those are his units and he is working on, I can tell you anecdotally, what we hear and what Dawn Becker will tell us from being on the sites. They're doing really well. They have dramatically beaten their pro forma's in terms of rents. But again, how many of them are done, where they are, let AvalonBay report on that project. I can tell you there is kind of no doubts in our mind that it is very hard, very hard and this kind of shows it in a mixed-used project to get truly paid for partners that are in the other uses. That are just in the other units, it's very hard for AVB to come and underwrite, what we believe they can do if we deliver the street right. The same with hotels, the same with office, it's same with everything else. It's very hard, which is why we do tend to do the residential, in particular ourselves on these projects. Because we believe if we do the street right, it gives a great premium that comes from there. At Assembly, at the time, we wanted to validate this site. It was a place that was 400 miles away, if you will, from where we headquarter, and so that's why they got the deal. Going forward, I mean we'll look real hard at doing those ourselves.
James Taylor: As we talked about at our Investor Day, those rents are in the low $3 a foot and they were underwritten originally in the mid-teens. So they're hitting the ball out of the park.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company: And then I may have missed it, but did you make any commentary about the office building in phase one and the lease above upon asset?
Donald Wood: No, we started that building later and we're working real hard to kind of catch up, so that that building is effectively all closed in when we open the street. We want that all of it to now feel like a construction site, so we're working hard and we're making real good progress that way. A lot of activity particularly since the Partners stuff was reported in the Boston Globe with other office users looking hard. So we've got a lot of activity, but I don't have a lease done that I can report to you yet.
Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies & Company: And then just one last one, just some of the recent commentary about RadioShack closing 500 stores, just kind of curious what you think about that, if there's any potential impact to your portfolio?
Donald Wood: I don't want to sound callous here, but I'm probably been a sound callous here. Retailers come and retailers go. We have a few in the portfolio.
Christopher Weilminster: We have a few in our portfolio, they're in very good centers. And if it come back, we will have no problem replacing them.
Dawn Becker: Overall they're below market rent.
Operator: And our last question comes from Paul Morgan.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Company: You talked in the past about kind of lumpiness in the lease spread metric driven by occasional anchor leases that have been long and flat in view. And I'm just wondering whether kind of the ramp up in this reported spreads over the last couple of quarters has been driven by that, especially in the fourth quarter? And it seems like you suggested that it might be tough to replicate kind of what you did last quarter in 2014? And is there any color in kind of what drove the spread last quarter?
Donald Wood: Go back, Paul, in my prepared remarks I kind of went through that. I went through that how broad-based, if you will, that the increase, the 25%, was. And in fact I had said that's rare, that it is that broad-based. And I do believe that broad-based type of increase probably continues into 2014, but it can't continue forever. That is record stuff. I mean when you talk about that kind of lease productivity. So I just don't want you as an investor or an analyst to effectively say, oh, man, this company does 25% lease rollovers and that's would I ought a model in for the next three years. I just don't think that's realistic. Is not a commentary at all on the marketplace, it's simply commentary that that is kind of record stuff. And it's just unrealistic to think that that's the way this business is going to grow constantly. I think you're going to see some good stuff in 2014 too, but not in the tippy-top 1 percentile of how we can perform on that measure.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Company: The remerchandising you said is going to eat into occupancy early in the year, that leasing activity isn't reflected in the fourth quarter. It seems like I heard during the call, you said, those aren't really done deals yet, even though obviously you're excited enough to take space out that you think you're going to get probably good spreads there too, but that really wasn't part of the fourth quarter, is that right?
Donald Wood: It's just a matter of timing. And I couldn't tell you exactly, when this year the boxes go dark. When you have to fix that space, you turn it over to your new tenants, they've build out their space. It's just takes time. So the reality is through most of the year maybe it's through the specific date of 12/31, I don't know that there will be that process going on, which will affect the occupancy stats. I don't really have more color than that. And I don't know if you've got too. That's kind of all we got.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Company: And just lastly, in the weather on East Coast, to what extent is it impacting anything related to the developments, the timing and/or how should we think about it in terms of a first quarter expense impact?
James Taylor: I'll take the second part of that question, and clearly the snow costs are beginning to pile up in the quarter. We have another snow storm coming in, and while we recover most in that there is some linkage, where we have multifamily or where we have 10 shops in place. And so I do expect some headwind in the first quarter due to snow, and still feel good about our guidance for the year, but certainly we'll be doing that. In terms of the timing of the development and the impact of weather to date, we're on time and on budget as I said earlier. And obviously, we can't predict perfectly what will be happening in the future. We don't see any major obstacles through our schedule.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kristina Lennox  Donald C. Wood - Chief Executive Officer, President, Trustee and Chairman of Executive Investment Committee James M. Taylor - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, and Treasurer Jeffrey S. Berkes - President of West Coast  Chris Weilminster - Senior Vice President of Leasing Dawn M. Becker - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary and Member of Executive Investment Committee Melissa Solis - Chief Accounting Officer and Vice President
Analysts: Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2013 Federal Realty Earnings Conference Call. My name is Dawn and I will be the operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Kristina Lennox. Kristina, you may begin.
Kristina Lennox : Thank you, Dawn. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to thank you for joining us today for Federal Realty's third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Joining on the call are Don Wood, Dawn Becker, Jim Taylor, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster and Melissa Solis. These and other members of our management team are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our third quarter 2013 supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to the trust's operating and financial performance. This document is currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. Risks inherent in these assumptions include, but are not limited to, future economic conditions, including interest rates, real estate conditions and the risks and costs of construction. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operation. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our third quarter 2013 earnings results. Don?
Donald C. Wood: Thanks, Kristina, and good morning, everybody. Let me start out this morning by thanking those of you on that call who either came to or listened to the webcast of our Investor Day presentation at Assembly Row in Massachusetts a few weeks back. We had a ball up there and really appreciated the opportunity to share our excitement about Assembly Row, as well as our vision for the future of the entire company, with many of our most interested owners and analysts. If you were unable to get up to Boston, you can still access the webcast through our website at federalrealty.com. We used the time we have with you that day not only to lay out the most recent status and plans for our Assembly Row development, but also to discuss our long-term business plan. What it is that we expect from the high-quality core portfolio, the impact of smaller redevelopments, the occasional acquisition and, of course, the larger mixed-use developments in Somerville, Rockville, San Jose. We remain convinced that the right combination of those business plan components gives us more visibility, more transparency and more likelihood of achieving sustained and superior growth in both earnings and asset value over the next decade than anybody in the business. Third quarter 2013 results helped validate that premise. So let me go through those numbers. First though, you might remember that last year's quarter benefited from that $6 million termination fee from Safeway. That was $0.09 a share, related to the Genuardi lease in New Jersey, and it was also hit by $2 million or $0.03 a share going the other way, for the CFO transition costs, when Jim Taylor joined the company. There were no such unusual items this quarter. So when I talk about comparisons between this year and last, that excluded the impact of those 2 items last year. So same-center property income grew 5.7% when excluding redevelopment, 4.9% when including it. The impact of including redevelopment this particular quarter is negative, as we vacated smaller[ph] space in preparation for redevelopment. Those are very strong numbers, earned without the benefit of large occupancy gains. Those numbers reflect, once again, tenant health, as an industry that is as good as it's ever been, with years of 0 bad debt expense. FFO per share of $1.16 compared with $1.06 last year, or 9.4% growth. And we didn't lever up to get any of that growth. In fact, even with the ambitious development program in full swing, net debt, as a percentage of total booked capitalization, went down. We ended the quarter with a portfolio that is 95.3% leased, the same as at the end of the second quarter and up slightly from the 95.1% a year ago. Again, our income growth story is not primarily one of filling long-standing vacancies, but rather negotiating new leases at significantly more rent than the prior lease. In that regard, we completed 89 leases during the quarter, for which there was a previous tenant, for 274,000 feet of space, at an average rent of $39.12, 20% more than the tenants they replaced or renewed. Leases from new replacement tenants, which made up about a 1/3 of the total deals, were raised at 39% more rent, while renewals representing about 2/3 of total deals were up 9%. And one more thing, of all the deals done this quarter, 2/3 had contractual annual rent bumps of 3% or more. The overall retail leasing and business environment is pretty strong in the coastal markets we're operating in, with nearly all types of retailers and restaurants looking for A locations and willing to pay up for them. Case in point in the quarter was Best Buy's option exercise at Santana Row. You may remember from my second quarter conference call remarks that we have signed a deal with Fixture Living for that space, thinking that it was highly unlikely that Best Buy would exercise their last 5-year option at the very strong rent required to do so, but they did. And they did because the company was unwilling to lose a very important Silicon Valley location. As a result, our 2014 FFO would be $0.04 per share higher than we were forecasting on that deal alone. And they're not an anomaly. Right now, the landlord's position is particularly strong in locations like this one. This core portfolio and the consistent sustainable and transparent growth that it provides to this company is the foundation of this business plan. It's the reason we can take the approach we have taken, just supplementing it with selective acquisitions, with growth prospects that are equal or better than the core, as well as development or redevelopment initiatives that not only provide incremental cash flow to the company, but also grow faster and establish a long runway for value enhancement for the foreseeable future, in amounts that are large enough to really move the needle in a company of our relatively small size. So let's talk about where we are in these fronts at this point. First, both our investment committee, and then our board, approved a new 115,000 square foot lifestyle-based retail center, adjacent and complementary to our Plaza El Segundo Shopping Center in Southern California. The $80 million project, which we marketed as the Pointe, is now fully entitled and will be under construction shortly, with a 2015 opening schedule and a near 8% initial return. The Pointe will greatly benefit 2016 results. Plaza El Segundo itself has outperformed our underwriting in the first 2 years of ownership. And I think our ability to get such a meaningful supplementary project underway in such a short amount of time really speaks well to both the initial acquisition strategy surrounding Plaza El Segundo and the adjacent land, as well as the West Coast team's ability to find and execute additional value-creative opportunities. Retail and restaurant demand for The Pointe has been exceptionally strong and has given us added impetus to move forward at this time. Stay tuned for more as we get underway. Staying on the West Coast for now, but moving north to San Jose, I'm pleased to report that a $75 million investment in Misora, the 212-unit residential project at Santana Row, remains on time and on budget with strong pre-leasing demand, making us very optimistic about its success. The first move-ins are expected by year end in the first section of the project, with construction on the later section finishing up midyear, and the building largely leased up by the end of 2014. Misora will generate an 8% yield in a market where new A-quality residential trades in the low 4s or even below. That's $75 million of immediate value creation. Heading back east, the first phase of Pike & Rose in Rockville, Maryland is also progressing on time and on budget. At present, 85% of the total retail rent pro forma[ph] and 90% of the retail space has been committed under either a fully-executed lease or a heavily-negotiated letter of intent. In addition to the iPic Theater, the only one of its kind in Metro D.C., merchandising will include respected club operator, Sport and Health, restaurants like Del Frisco's Grille, Stella Rosa, M Street Kitchen, retailers like Gap, Gap Kids, City Sports and The Pink Palm. Now, the economics of this first phase at Pike & Rose are going to rest with the success of the residential building and not the retail, and so we won't have a real handle on that until we start marketing the apartments next spring. But the fact that the personality of this destination, which is formed by the ground floor retail experience, has started out so positively, is extremely encouraging. It bodes very well for future capital allocation decisions here, with respect to future phases. And in that regard, we're feverishly working on putting together a phase two plan for a continuation of the street that we are building in phase one. Capital estimates are still rough, but would probably be in the $200 million range. We would hope to be able to announce a thoroughly vetted plan at some point in the first half of 2014 At Assembly Row in Somerville, I surely hope that the Investor Day and our webcast got you a whole lot more comfortable with our vision and execution of this one-of-a-kind initiative. We continue to convert retailer interest into LOIs, and LOIs into signed leases. We currently have 77% of the retail rent pro forma[ph] and 83% of the retail space committed under either a fully-executed lease or a heavily-negotiated LOI. We're moving toward our initial opening of 3 of the first 4 buildings in the early summer of 2014, with the fourth building, the office over retail building started later, scheduled to open just a few months after that. As with Pike & Rose, Assembly remains on time and on budget. And one more piece of Assembly news, we purchased the 12 acres immediately adjacent to our Assembly Row site, known by most of you as the IKEA parcel, for $18 million last month. We closed on that parcel without a completely wrapped up plan for the site, but with a number of development alternatives that would be additive to value, both on a stand-alone basis and also for the rest of Assembly Row and Assembly Row marketplace projects. In what is our preferred alternatives, we continue to make progress on work with a potential office tenant on the finalization of a lease and a development structure. We're not there yet, but progress has been steady and we remain committed to seeing it through. These in-progress developments, along with what will more than likely be future phases, and that leverage the initial phases, not unlike Santana Row, not unlike the Bethesda Row, not unlike Plaza El Segundo, along with our regular stream of redevelopment opportunities, are really quite extraordinary. They're really happening. And when added to what we believe to be the best shopping center portfolio in the business, gives investors a transparent window and likelihood of real value-enhancing growth that is just second to no one. It's not years and years away, it's happening now. That's it for my prepared comments this morning. Let me now turn it over to Jim to talk about our financial results and outlook in more detail.
James M. Taylor: Thanks, Don, and good post-Halloween morning, everyone. As Don mentioned, I'm going to cover our results in a bit more detail, review the balance sheet and provide details on our guidance for the remainder of 2013, as well as 2014. Turning to the quarter, we reported $111.6 million of property operating income, an increase of $7.2 million or 6.9% over the prior year quarter, excluding a $6 million Genuardi's term fee. Our same-center growth of 5.7%, or 4.9% including redevelopment, drove most of this increase, which was achieved, importantly, despite relatively stable occupancy around 95%. Again, as we discussed at our Investor Day at Assembly Row, our portfolio continues to drive growth from rollover and contractual rent increases, not just occupancy. Year-to-date, our average rollover on a cash basis has been 18%. That level rivals the growth that this portfolio generated during the pre-recession peak in the mid-2000s. Importantly, this well-located real estate outperforms not only during the downturn, but with hard work from the leasing team and our operations team, it continues to surprise even us, as we achieve higher and higher rents per foot, with leases this quarter, in fact, signed at $39.12 per square foot. As you consider the growth that remains embedded in this portfolio, consider that the average rent signed over the almost 4-year period since 2010, in other words, post-recovery, of $30.60, significantly exceeds the in-place average rent today of $24.39. Compare that performance, as we did at our Investor Day, to any other shopping center portfolio and you'll see that it is without peer. Another comment I'd like to make on same-store NOI is that it includes 97% of our portfolio, 97%. In other words, it's truly predictive of what's happening in the portfolio and the company, overall. Green Street recently wrote in its [indiscernible] piece, if you exclude 10% or 15% or 25%, the comparability of a same-store NOI metric truly is neutered. Additionally, as we've said in the past, our rollover growth statistics represent 100% of our leasing activity on comparable space. That's important to consider. Another contributor to our overall POI growth were our acquisitions, of course, of East Bay Bridge and Darien. And we can report that we are pleased with the overall performance of both assets relative to our initial underwriting. Looking at marketing expenses, they increased during the quarter by about $300,000 as we ramp up for the openings of Assembly and Pike & Rose, and we also had about $300,000 less in POI from the sales, Forest Hills. G&A expense declined year-over-year associated, as Don mentioned, mostly with the CFO transition, offset by other personnel costs. We expect G&A for the year to be approximately $30 million, before considering the impact of any acquisitions that we may complete. Interest expense declined by $2.5 million in the quarter due to reduced rates, as we continue to benefit from our attractive refinancing earlier in the year, offset by a slightly higher balance, as we've carried excess proceeds of cash during the quarter. Even with this incremental drag of cash and marketing, we generated a record quarter in terms of FFO at $1.16 per share, an increase of 9.4% over the prior year, when you exclude the Genuardi's term fee and the impact of the CFO transition. Now, turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $128 million of cash and nothing drawn under our $600 million line of credit. Overall, our leverage remains low at 24% net debt-to-market cap, 5.2x net debt-to-EBITDA and 3.4x fixed-charge coverage. Importantly, as some of you have noted, we have no floating-rate debt and our maturities over the next 2 years, from a coupon standpoint, average close to 7%, which presents an opportunity, even in this volatile interest rate environment, for continued accretion. Again, this balance sheet strength and flexibility is important, as we will deliver approximately $315 million of mixed-use value creation at Santana, Assembly and Pike & Rose over the next 4 quarters. During the quarter, we also realized $34 million in asset sale proceeds at an average cap rate below 5%, and raised approximately $35 million of sales -- in sales of our shares under our ATM program. Turning to our outlook for the balance of 2013. We have increased our guidance range to $4.60 to $4.61 to reflect the continued operating strength of the core portfolio. We expect our full year same-store growth to be in the 4.5% range, and also expect some offset from increased marketing and other expenses as we ramp up our efforts at Assembly and Pike & Rose. In addition, we will continue to have a bit of drag, as we talked about in prior quarters, as mid-Pike comes offline, and we'll also have some drag in the quarter as Building 8B grand opens in November. We are quite pleased with our leasing progress at 8B, with the initial leasing of 48 of 78 available units in that building, and rents per foot that meet or exceed our pro forma rent originally underwritten. Let me pause for a moment here, and again, emphasize the point Don made, that in that asset alone exists $75 million or so of value creation, given that we're delivering it at an 8 and a market cap rate environment in the 4s. For those of you attending NAREIT in 2 weeks, I invite you to swing by Santana and check out just how well Jeff Berkes and the West Coast team has executed this apartment project. It surely would be the envy of any of our multifamily peers. Finally, on 2013 guidance, I should note that it does not include the impact of any potential costs associated with acquisitions that may be completed in the balance or any prepayment premiums associated with early refinance of any upcoming maturities, should the debt markets prove opportunistic. Again, the weighted average interest rate for our 2014 maturities is 6.7%, which in and of itself, is an opportunity. Now, looking forward to 2014, we are delivering a lot of value creation. In addition to the $75 million of Misora apartments at Santana Row, which we'll be destabilizing during 2014, we will grand open the retail space in Buildings 11 and 12 at Pike & Rose in the third quarter, with office coming on in 2015, for a total delivery of $150 million. And we expect to grand open Assembly Row in the summer of 2014 with an approximate cost of $150 million, with the office in Building 2 delivering in 2015. That's $375 million of deliveries over the next 4 quarters. And important for everyone to consider, the significant amount of POI that will be delivered by these assets as they stabilize. In addition, our pipeline continues to grow, as we emphasized at our Investor Day at Assembly. We've added an additional $94 million of new redevelopments this quarter, including The Pointe, at a weighted-average expected return of 9%. Again, all of this value creation activity will be supported by the continued strength in our core portfolio, which we expect will produce same-store growth, including redevelopment, in the 4% to 4.5% range for 2014. We expect occupancy, again, to remain relatively stable during the year, with some rollovers, and expect continued strength in tenant performance. Let me talk a little bit about our FFO guidance. As disclosed in our supplement, we expect FFO in 2014 to be in the range of $4.84 to $4.92, or an increase of over 6% at the midpoint. As discussed with some of you, what's particularly impressive is that this range reflects almost $0.15 of onetime drag associated with the delivery of all that development, including $0.04 to $0.05 per share of upfront marketing costs, as we grand open Assembly and Pike & Rose and build upon existing shopping practices and consumer awareness; 5% to 6% (sic) [$0.05 to $0.06] per share of drag related to the multi-family lease up of Misora at Santana and Building 12 at Pike & Rose. Again, this reflects that we'll be incurring full interest and operating costs as we open these apartments and move towards stabilized NOI. But make no doubt, that value creation is there upon opening. $0.01 to $0.02 will be incurred next year as we finish demolition of Mid-Pike Plaza. We also will not have $0.01 to $0.02 of percentage rent that we fully expect to realize at Assembly Row after a year of operation. And finally, we'll be losing almost $2 million of POI as we take the rest of Mid-Pike Plaza out of service in the first quarter of '14. As you think about that drag, let me pause to make a very important point. If we were not investing in this value creation, that upon stabilization will contribute $35 million to $40 million of POI, our year-over-year FFO growth would approach 10%. Looking forward, we, again, expect G&A to remain consistent with 2013 in the $30 million range, importantly, as we've already made the investments in our platform over the last few years to effectively execute the delivery of all this value creation. From a sources and uses standpoint, we expect to invest approximately $250 million to $300 million in development and redevelopment capital in 2014, and have approximately $300 million in debt maturities, again, at a weighted average rate of 6.7%. As has been the case this year, we expect to match fund these activities with a mix of cash-on-hand, cash from operations, senior note issuances and moderate issuance of equity under our ATM. As always, we will focus on maintaining maximum flexibility, even at the cost of near-term accretion, ensuring our credit metrics remain strong and our flexibility preserved. Finally, as always, our guidance for 2014 does not include the impact any acquisitions or prepayment of premium associated with opportunistic early refinancing. In closing, allow me to comment that our current plan provides us unparalleled visibility on growth, not just for next year, but for the next several years, as we overcome the drag associated with the early ramp and the deliveries of our development. Again, as we outlined in our Assembly Row event, our current pipeline will deliver between $35 million to $40 million of NOI as it stabilizes, almost 8% of our existing total POI. And there's much more opportunity to come from these assets that we own and control today, and as we demonstrated at the Assembly. In an environment, where most shopping center portfolios are now hitting peak occupancy, the performance of our core, the growth that is embedded in existing rents, the continued strong rollover and the value creation from our development and redevelopment pipeline is truly without peer. All pistons are firing on our strategic plans and more than double the NOI of this company with very little external growth over the next 10 years, supported by one of the strongest balance sheets in this sector. With that, operator, we'd like to turn the call over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeff Donnelly from Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: On 2014 guidance -- Jim, I just apologize, I missed this in your remarks. But concerning that guidance, did you provide the core NOI growth that underlies it? I might have missed that.
James M. Taylor: I did. We expect that to be in the 4% to 4.5% range.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. Just moving around, I guess, on the East Coast, the IKEA land development, I know you didn't have much to add there. There's certainly been a lot of speculation around the path you might take. I'm curious, just to build on your remarks that you made at the Analyst Day about some work you guys might be doing in the office front, what's your preference there, I guess, in terms of an outcome? I mean, do you guys look at that and think you'd rather sell or ground lease that land to someone who would construct their own building? Or would you opt to be a developer? I'm just trying to understand how you guys are weighing the return prospects on that site versus the capital commitment that you have to that zip code?
Donald C. Wood: Yes, that's fair, Jeff. The IKEA land and what happens on that IKEA land, as you know, we're looking at a couple of things, and one is a sizable office deal. And as we work through the structure, I guess, if we had our way, that would be more somebody else's capital, primarily. The ability to establish that piece of land and, effectively, the whole assembly area, as an office location, would be huge to the future value creation of the rest of Assembly. I don't really think we need to be putting a lot of our capital to work to accomplish that. So that's our preference and I'll give the same caveat that I wrote[ph] gives us, to the extent the deal makes an awful lot of sense to put our capital out, we'll certainly do that. But my preference would be to structure it with somebody else's capital.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: It's helpful. And I guess sticking with the development stuff on The Pointe. Can you give us some color on the expansion there? How's leasing progressing? And what sort of initial rents, I guess, you're expecting for the retail and the office that's baked into that 8% ROI?
Donald C. Wood: Yes. I love to talk about The Pointe. I think Jeff is on the call from California. If you are, Jeff, can you handle that? That will be great.
Jeffrey S. Berkes: Yes, sure. Let me dial you back a little bit on The Pointe and then I'll get to your question. But as you might remember, when we bought Plaza El Segundo, we purchased what is the bulk of The Pointe site, an 8-acre piece of land right at the hard corner of Rosecrans and Sepulveda. And that 8-acre site came with 70,000 square feet of entitlements. We also acquired, when we acquired PES, the rights to exercise options on a couple of pieces of adjacent land. We've exercised one of those options. We're in the process of exercising another. And we also acquired a fourth piece of land that we didn't have tied up 2 years ago, when we bought PES. So what we've done, obviously, since we bought PES, is gone ahead and assemble that piece of land and taking it through the entitlement process and expanded the entitlement from 70,000 feet to 115,000 square feet. And as Don said in his prepared remarks, we are now fully entitled and we're in the process of wrapping up our pricing and GMP construction contract negotiation and hope to have that done soon and be underway, in earnest, here shortly. So what we're delivering to the market, if you will, is 115,000 square feet, 25,000 square feet of second-floor office space and 90,000 square feet of ground-floor space, that's composed or comprised of 65,000 square feet of retail space and 25,000 square feet of restaurant space. We've -- a couple of things that we kind of know and understand about that location that have proven out since we first got into the deal a couple of years ago, are, one, there is no great gathering place to shop and eat right now in the South Bay. I mean, obviously, the beach is great, but parking at the beach and shopping and dining at beach are kind of difficult, right? So there's definitely a void in the market for a great place. And when you step back and look at the retail distribution in L.A. and Orange County, there's a lot of lifestyle retail and other strong retail in Beverly Hills, in Santa Monica, but as you get to South, there's not another node, until you go all the way down to Costa Mesa, Fashion Island, that kind of thing, right? So there's definitely a hole in the market and a void. And we know that because we live out here. And we know that because we talk to the retailers and restaurants that are dying for better space in this market. And we see how successful those tenants can be in the collection portion of our Plaza El Segundo property, where we've got 50,000 square feet of lifestyle, where tenants do really, really well. So the product we're delivering is designed to fill both of those voids. We're going to have a great plaza between the 4 buildings we're building, where people can hang out and have a cup of coffee, glass of wine, sit outside and dine, all that kind of stuff, and we're delivering a ton of parking. One of the offices is use will have a 7:1,000 parking ratio at the property. And there's been consistent and strong demand from both the retailers and restaurants since we've got into this a couple of years ago. We've got leases signed right now and several deep in the negotiations -- several leases deep in negotiations that we hope to have signed shortly. The rents are impressive. I really don't want quote rents on this call, we can talk about that one-on-one, if you want. But they're very strong. And that's because there's a hole in the market.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then just last question, actually. Just on TIs, the last few quarters, your new lease and renewal lease TIs, particularly new leases, have been running in the, call it, 40s on average. Is that sort of a run rate we should be thinking about going forward? Or this has more to do with some special projects that are flowing in there?
Donald C. Wood: It's a couple of things. There's absolutely a trend, by the way, in our business of -- especially the national tenants trying to take advantage of our lower cost of capital and looking for money from landlords. That's not just Federal, that's anybody. And I will tell you, certainly to the extent it's -- not the comparable stuff, to the extent it's the new stuff, that's all included, obviously, in our development yields, where the number to be[ph] . In terms of the normal day-to-day stuff, you are seeing -- I mean, when I look at it, I mean, we're at $20 a foot, or so, this quarter on TIs. And that's probably pretty representative of what it's going to be, going forward, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Mueller from JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Couple of quick things. First of all, if we're looking at the leasing spreads, the new spreads as well as the renewal, over the past couple of quarters, they've widened out, accelerated. And I was just wondering, as you look to 2014, what's the visibility on those higher levels being sticky?
Donald C. Wood: I think they will be. But I got to tell you, this is still a small company. It's still a 20-million-square-foot portfolio that's going to turn 1.2 million, 1.3 million, 1.4 million feet per year, and so a few deals impact that. It just makes it -- it makes it more lumpy. I can absolutely tell you, Mike, that as we sit back and we look, and I think we did a pretty good job at this up at Assembly, we kind of showed you that the in-place rents of this company are $24 or $25, something like that, overall, and then that the deals we've been doing have been in the 30s relatively consistently, I think, very consistently. So the -- there's no question that the -- that's a 30% increase in mark-to-market, if you use that as a surrogate for mark-to-market. And we expect that to be sticky as it continues. But that does not mean that every 3 months, when we report results, that there won't be a deal or 2 or 3 that bring down that trend, but that's the overall trend that we're very comfortable with.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And then, Jim, when you're talking about guidance, not for 2014, but for the balance of this year, it seems like you went out your way to talk about how no acquisition costs are in there. Are you expecting anything to close? Or is there a good shot anything can close before year end?
James M. Taylor: There is, and we're hoping Christmas comes early this year.
Operator: We have Michael Bilerman from Citi online with a question.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Jim, sticking with you just on balance sheet, and as it relates to guidance, you did talk about $300 million, almost 7% debt rolling next year. I think the bonds mature in August, and I guess the secured debt, throughout the year. You also talked about potentially hitting the markets early. Obviously, depending on when you refi that debt would have a material impact to next year's numbers. So I'm just curious what have you embedded for accretion for refinancing in your 2014 estimate?
James M. Taylor: Yes, it's a great question. And we've looked at a couple of scenarios. And as part of what goes into the range, Mike, in terms of that timing, and the benefit could be anywhere from $0.04 to over $0.05, depending on when we execute and the quality of that execution. So we're obviously looking at the markets closely and really trying to ensure that when we do go in, we're being as opportunistic as possible. But when you think about that $0.10 range, obviously, there are different scenarios at the low end of the range versus the high end of the range. Does that help?
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. Right, but I assumed the earlier you execute the bonds, the lower the FFO for next year is going to be?
James M. Taylor: The lower the interest expense will be. Correct.
Donald C. Wood: Just to be clear, I mean, we absolutely intend, to the extent the markets are favorable to us, to take 2014's debt out this year. We absolutely intend to do that, whether we're able to get there or not. If that's the case, 2014 would benefit from the lower interest expense for the entire year, though we have the prepayment costs this year. That's what...
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So you would actually take the bonds out and pay a prepayment penalty and it's effectively that way?
Donald C. Wood: If rates are where they are today or they actually get a little bit better, then the answer is yes.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then you talked about the $0.15 drag. I'm just curious on the $0.10, with all the marketing expenses that you talked about between Assembly and the market -- the marketing expenses and ramping up in Santana, you're talking about a $0.10 drag for the year. When does that hit its peak during the year, and how much of that spills over 2015? And I'm just trying to put together effectively a 2-year sort of ramp as we start to think about what FFO could be in '15 and sort of the quarterly impacts during the year. Because I assume this is not stuff that's all going to be even during the year in terms almost $7 million of drag.
Donald C. Wood: That's very, very, very astute, Mike. And the way you can look at it basically is growing from the first quarter through the second quarter. The second quarter will be high. The third quarter will be high. And then the fourth quarter coming off a little bit. Yes, there will be some of those costs that continued into 2015. But if you ran a bell curve and you peaked at somewhere in the May, June, July, August, September timetable, you'd be in good shape, I think.
James M. Taylor: And Mike, just to clarify that, and thanks for drilling in on it, that $0.04 to $0.05 of marketing relates really to initial-phase marketing as we open up these 2 large mixed-use projects that we don't expect to incur on an ongoing basis. As Don said, a lot of that will be coming in the second and third quarter. And then the other element of that $0.10 that you referred to is really just the lease-up drag, if you will, at the multi-family units we're delivering, where we're going to be incurring full operating costs and no longer capitalizing interest as we lease those apartment units up.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. So as we think to 2015, the growth likely is significantly in excess of the 6% in '14, all else being equal?
James M. Taylor: That's right. But we've also got other potential development opportunities that we may be delivering, or beginning and delivering to 2015. So a little bit hard to provide a lot visibility on the absolute level of growth '14 to '15. But you're on the important point, which is the value creation that's underway today, that NOI will be coming on to the company in 2014 and '15.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was wondering, when you look at your portfolio in either, on one side, street retail versus maybe suburban shopping centers, what has been giving you the strongest internal same-store growth?
Donald C. Wood: Craig, it's a very fair question. Let me just take this question and make it look fuller for a second. A lot of people would say, "Oh gosh, if you believe so much is the street retail and the mix of your stuff, why wouldn't that be everything that you did?" Because in -- absolutely, our strongest growth does come from properties like Bethesda, but it also comes from the Congressional Plazas and the Barracks Row, larger necessity-based centers, too. The reality is, Craig, the necessity-based stuff that we have, because of locations, it's very, very good. And it's really, really important. I mean, we talked about that growing at 3% to 3.5%. That's pretty darn strong in terms of growth. We want that here. The ability to supplement it with these projects that we're talking about, and including street retail, the street retail in the portfolio, that has kind of a longer-term, better growth prospects to it, is kind of like icing on the cake. So I would say that with respect to the street retail stuff that we've had for a long time, we've got some pretty darn good growth inherent in there. The idea of going out and buying street retail at 4% and having some of those leases be very, very flat is a whole -- is not particularly appealing. So like everything else, whether it's necessity-based or street retail, the devil is in the details in terms of the lease terms. We've got the -- we've got some strong growth in our existing street retail, larger, generally, than necessity-based stuff. But necessity-based stuff is pretty good, too.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And I was just wondering if the suburban stuff might have the greater optionality or the greater opportunity for redevelopment, and maybe a little more difficult to do with street retail, or is that not the case?
Donald C. Wood: I don't know. It really gets down to the -- I hate to make a general comment like that, because it really does depend on the particular piece of land. I will say this, larger shopping centers have much more flexibility. I certainly would prefer, whether it's a suburban shopping center in Wynnewood, Pennsylvania or a street retail project, to the extent it's a bigger piece of land, there's more stuff that winds up happening to it. And the thing that hurts that the most are the big national tenants that have lots of rights to their leases to restrict development. That's the -- that's probably the single biggest thing that creates those kinds of issues. They require money to get the -- to get what they -- to get done what you want done, and that makes the deals harder to make, economically.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason White from Green Street.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on your re-leasing spread question from earlier. If you look at the trend, it's obviously been very positive, and wondering what part of that is just kind of organic rent growth versus leases that may have been signed at the trough that were depressed rents that are just starting to roll now, and what you kind of expect going forward?
Donald C. Wood: Hey, Chris, what do you think about that?
Chris Weilminster: Yes, I would just say that I believe a lot of that is organic growth. We've not really seen a lot of our leases from the trough rolling over at this point. So I -- my general comment to that would be is that we're seeing a lot of organic growth and we push really hard on our core portfolio. The answer that Don just gave, when I think about our core portfolio, that was for some assets in Huntington, New York, some stuff in Gaithersburg, Maryland, where we're going to be able to push some really exciting things, as well, that will come through in our numbers in our core portfolio. We focused very hard on our organic growth, and I think it will be a couple of years before we see the trough stuff come to the forefront that we can take advantage of.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So do you think that your spreads woulds -- might be increasing by the time you get to those trough rents rolling?
Chris Weilminster: I'd rather have Don...
Donald C. Wood: I hope so. I hope so, Jason. I hope so, Jason. But that's, again, going to come down to the same answer I gave before with respect to the mark-to-market on the entire portfolio and the general trend, which is very positive, but any particular quarter could surprise you negatively.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay then, one more question on your -- you have a breakout page of future opportunities for expansion and development. I was wondering if there's any opportunity that stand out that maybe a little more near term,, that have a lot of opportunity for you guys that we really haven't gotten a lot of detail on in the past?
Donald C. Wood: Are you're looking for extra value that you can find for the model, Jason? Is that what you're saying?
James M. Taylor: I mean, Jason, the first thing -- I'll ask Don to comment on a couple of things, but the first thing I'll highlight is, in this quarter, we added an additional $94 million of redevelopment, including The Pointe, at about 9% return. And I think, generally, what we're pleased with is that our strategic plan for each and every asset focuses on how, over time, we can continue to maximize value, whether it's moving an anchor pad site or adding multi-family, like we did at Chelsea. So we don't put things on this page that we don't think are going to be actionable, difficult to comment on the timing of any of the ones in particular. Dawn, I don't know if you want to add anything to that?
Dawn M. Becker: There are a couple, Jason, that given where we are in the process of talking to tenants and in the entitlement process, which is always a time-consuming thing that we can't really control, I would expect, certainly, a few of these to be hitting the schedules in execution, certainly during 2014. Which ones or how many? Unfortunately, those are to be determined a little bit more by some of the jurisdictions we're working with and how quickly we can get them to move.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb, from Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Just a few questions here. First, Jim, going back to the debt, you guys have indicated that you want to take out next year's maturities this year, if you can. Does that apply both to the secured and the unsecured, or is one sort of harder or more costly to -- I mean, I'm assuming the mortgage is probably the one that's harder to deal with, because that's a direct negotiation whereas the bonds have make-wholes that are pretty easy whether you want to do them or not, if they're cost-effective. So just sort of curious...
James M. Taylor: I wish the mortgage were a negotiation. The lender there can expect us to basically prepay all the interest if we go to do that early. Given the rate on that mortgage, at 7.5%, the earliest that we can repay without penalty is in the May, June time frame. Then we do have the 590 notes that, I believe, mature in the August, September time frame that would be subject to a call with a make-whole. So there's really not a lot of negotiation with it. It's really more driven by our view of the market at a particular time and the execution we think will be available to us.
Donald C. Wood: So Alex, we would be sitting with cash on the balance sheet, in other words.
James M. Taylor: We would for a period of time. It takes 30 days to call the notes. And typically, there's a 30-day notification period under the mortgages.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. And then as for the JV, they are 2 small mortgages that come due next year. Do these -- coming due for Plaza Mercado and Atlantic Plaza. For these coming due, does that present an opportunity to revisit this JV as far as buying out the partner or -- I mean, you guys announced the JV, what, almost 10 years ago, but not really much has happened. So does this present a time to maybe liquidate or buyout or do something with it, with these -- with the debt coming due?
Donald C. Wood: It doesn't enhance the ability to get out of the JV. Frankly, we've got a great relationship with Clarion and don't see the need to. The properties are performing well. They're very happy with where we are. And at the appropriate time, one of us will buy out the other. There's pretty much no doubt about that. We're not -- if we want to force something now, we could force something now. We don't need the mortgage coming due and make that happen. We just don't see the need to do that.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: And then just, finally, Jim, in the guidance, it looks like the share count is up by 2 million. Is this just ATM usage, or is it sort of assuming some OP issuance for acquisitions? Or what's driving that?
James M. Taylor: A little of both. Actually, no acquisitions. Mainly ATM issuances over the course of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tayo Okusanya.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Two quick things. First of all, I noticed, again, during the quarter, you guys didn't really buy anything. Just curious what the acquisition outlook looks like, cap rates and how you're kind of thinking about that going forward?
James M. Taylor: We've got some good things in the works, Tayo, that we're not really ready to talk about. But from a cap rate perspective, for high-quality core, we really haven't seen any movement in those cap rates, even with the treasuries being volatile. In fact, if anything, some of the recent transactions that have been announced have surprised us with how low the cap rates have been, including assets in Westport, Connecticut and other things that we've looked at. So -- but we feel good about the pipeline, and the right deals take some time to work. We hope to have something to announce in the not-too-distant future.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then the office component of phase 1 of Assembly Row, any update there?
Donald C. Wood: Beyond -- I'm sorry I was thinking about the IKEA parcel, which I did talk about before. On the building that we're building, lots of interest, and we're working through the process. That building is behind because we started it later. It's behind the other 3 buildings there. But yes, so we have a little bit more time to go do -- to get that done. But good interest, I don't have anything to report today, though.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim from SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. First on your debt that's coming due, you said you want to take it out preferably this year for the 2014 maturities. But with the make-whole provisions, from an economic standpoint, besides just making your GAAP interest expense look better, what would the rationale be by paying the penalties and taking that bit out early?
James M. Taylor: When you look at that debt and you look at the breakeven rate, for it to be positive, from an NPV perspective, to take it out early, you don't have to have much of a move in treasuries to have that make sense. If you look at the 2 issues today, it's only about 20- to 25-basis-point move in treasury to be NPV-neutral. So again, we want to be opportunistic, as we were with our last debt issuance. Hope to able to do it before the end of the year, but we have flexibility to time that as appropriate.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And should we expect a similar split between secured and unsecured, or more towards unsecured?
James M. Taylor: If you've seen what we've done, really, over the last several years, we're moving to continue to pay off mortgages at every opportunity we can. And our debt balance is largely unsecured and will only get more unsecured over time.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: All right, and just last question. I remember in one of your presentations, you guys showed the occupancy costs at your centers versus traditional malls. And given where your lease spreads are and where you're signing leases today, how close, especially for your better-quality centers, are the occupancy costs signed at versus traditional malls? And how does that...
Donald C. Wood: Yes, that's a great question. I -- and you're remembering a presentation, I guess, we it did a couple of years back, and I still think it's true today, is that effectively, our occupancy costs, which are overall in the portfolio, not quite 9% effectively, have a lot of room to go. And I actually think -- I can't really talk about where you're comfortable on the mall side, but certainly, CAM and taxes and those other extras beyond rent are much higher in the closed mall than they are in our centers, even our better centers. And to us, that gives us a competitive advantage as long as we can be comfortable that the sales will be close to the productivity at a mall. That all still applies. The only thing, I think, that's changed, and I think it's changed for the better, is I believe that retailers have gotten better in terms of their operations, I believe they've gotten stronger in terms of their profitability, and I believe that they can afford to pay a higher percentage of their costs in terms of rent and occupancy than they did, say, years ago, just -- not that many years ago, too. Now they're not going to tell you that because it's a negotiation and all that. But I think that bodes very, very well for -- particularly for Federal and the types of centers that you're asking about, which are somewhat comparative or comparable to malls?
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And just a follow up on that. So has the actual occupancy cost -- can you maybe give -- provide some numbers, if that's trended up over the past couple of years?
Donald C. Wood: Well, I can't really -- you're just coming in and out. I can't [indiscernible]
James M. Taylor: I think the question is, has the occupancy costs trended up over the last couple of years.
Donald C. Wood: Sure. I mean, that probably -- yes, so our occupancy cost have trended up probably 50 to 75 basis points. They were in the low-8s. They're probably at 9-or-so now. And I think -- just coming back to the other point, I think that retailers can pay more than 75 or 100 basis points more than they did a few years ago, too. So I think the general dynamic of the economics are better than they were.
Operator: Our next question comes from Samit Parikh from ISI.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: It is Samit from ISI. Just -- I know it's a little early here to talk about this. But I think last week you got approvals from the county for phase two of Pike & Rose. And it -- from whatever I read, it sounds like the approvals was for a much larger project than phase one. I guess I'm just curious whatever you can tell us about what -- at this point, what you're thinking about with that project and regarding how much of phase two do you think Federal will be doing themselves versus maybe selling land or entitlements to an office builder?
Donald C. Wood: Yes, we're not at the point of a big office product -- project at all, Samit. The second phase, I think I've given you some -- a number of about $200 million, give or take. It won't be a lot more or a lot less than that. It'll be somewhere in that range for the next phase of Pike & Rose. And the primary thing to do next at Pike & Rose is to build the street. So while in the first phase, the residential really will make or break the project, the second phase, the retail becomes much more important, because it is that street environment that we need for future phases. So yes, the entitlements and our negotiations with the county have gone very, very favorable, and they include the ability to do a whole lot more over time, but we do it in phases. We do it in pieces, and a $200 million next phase or somewhere in that range, but if it's $250 million or $180 million or something like that, we'll see -- will be primarily our capital.
Dawn M. Becker: If I can clarify one thing for you, Samit, the phase two that we got approved is probably larger than the phase two that we would be building next. There were significantly more buildings that we got -- got approved just because of the development process.
Donald C. Wood: No question. Yes.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that makes sense. And then maybe just -- I know you sort of explained it in your Investor Day, but maybe you could clarify it one more time for everyone. Just the underwriting for the sort of 5% to 6% for fit -- for Assembly, and you can correct me if I'm wrong, doesn't really include anything in terms of percentage rent upside, I believe. And I guess, just curious, Don, do you think? No, I was going to ask what do you think can get you -- is there -- what type of realistic hurdles are there for upside to get closer to sort of a -- beyond the 5% to 6% up to the higher end of the original 5% to 7% that you had prior to this supplemental?
James M. Taylor: As we laid out at the Investor Day, and thanks for asking the question to me, the rents that are underwritten that get us in that range are about 87% fixed minimum rent, and we do have some percent of sales deals that make up the other 13%. The -- almost all of the leases do have percentage rent factors. It varies lease by lease, so I can't really get into breakpoints as it relates to the project overall. But certainly, there's potential for upside as the location gets established and the tenants start realizing good sales levels. So we certainly hope to see that upside from the project once it's open and running.
Donald C. Wood: Yes, let me just add to that, Samit. The answer is time, as Jimmy just said. But when -- you noticed that we took the 5% to 7% that was in the numbers down to 5% to 6%, and I wanted to specifically address that. That's simply because it will be 5% to 6% in this first phase, in the first -- in the -- after it's all leased up in the first phase. What -- we do certainly expect that first phase to be yielding 7% or more as the tenants -- as sales increase and that the destination itself becomes proven. Like the first phase at Pike & Rose, there, we think, based on the demand we're seeing, will be an announcement about a second phase of Assembly that does not have anything to do with the IKEA parcel, as we've talked about there, again, to build that street and to create additional critical map. Those are the things that have to happen to create the upside in the NOI. It's exactly why I showed it in Bethesda in terms of what has happened by stage and by phase over the years. It's exactly what has happened as we make every incremental investment in Santana. And so that's what I expect to see here. But when you look at the initial yield, 5% to 6% is much more reasonable today than 5% to 7%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Chao from Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just want to go back to the leasing and the renewals for a bit here. Just curious on the renewal volume that you did this quarter, how much of that was option exercise versus end-of-lease sort of rollovers?
Donald C. Wood: I don't have it. I'm not sure I could tell you. We could probably do it offline. I'm looking at Melissa to see if anybody's got anything and I'm seeing -- it's not options?
Melissa Solis: Tell him it's straight out.
Donald C. Wood: Yes, so it's straight out renewals because option renewals wouldn't be in those numbers, right? So it's all renewals, Vince.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And is there much -- like on the -- obviously, options would be a lower rollover, I would think. But just can you give us a sense of what the difference looks like?
Donald C. Wood: I don't know.
Chris Weilminster: No. No, I mean, I -- the option exercise, to assume it would be lower, not at all. Not necessarily. I mean, they're just contractual rents that we've pre-negotiated. So if you negotiate a 10-year deal with 1 5-year option, you can bet 99.9% of the time that, that option rate is going up. It's not going back. So we -- so just like Don used as the example, the Best Buy option exercise, that's a great example of it that we anticipated they wouldn't exercise because of where the number was, but they did. And there were no adjustment at all to that option rate, and there was just a significant increase over what the prior rent was.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I'm just trying to get a sense of whether we should be thinking about those spreads differently between the options and the non-option exercise, but okay.
James M. Taylor: I don't think you should, Vince. Think about them the same.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then I don't know if I missed this from earlier, but it terms of the -- obviously, a lot of development going on. Just in terms of the overall spend that you expect in '14, what does that look like in terms of CapEx?
James M. Taylor: We did talk about it. It's somewhere between $250 million and $300 million.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: $250 million to $300 million. Okay, and then I guess if I just think about the -- going back to the equity discussion about the ATM usage and sort of 2 million of additional shares, that -- depending on how you get to the weighted average, if it's ratably or whatnot, it seems like most of that $250 million or $300 million is being paid for by -- via equity. Is that...
James M. Taylor: No, that's not right. I mean, we'll probably be somewhere between $150 million to $200 million of equity that may come off the ATM or, alternatively, we might do some asset sales. It just depends on where the market is. I mean, as we think about our capital plan, one thing to highlight here is that we are conservative as we look out. We want to make sure that we're match funding and we're not levering up to do it. I mean, if we were rolling a lot of this stuff on to the line, we'd be generating a hell of a lot more FFO growth. So again, as we look forward, we're not locked into doing ATM issuances, and that's part of the strength of the balance sheet. But conservatively, that's what we would expect to do.
Operator: Our last question comes from Chris Lucas from Capital One.
Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick one, Jim. On the same-store NOI guidance for next year, you guys have been pretty flat on the lease rate over the past x number of quarters now. What's the composition of that same-store NOI growth for next year? Is there any bump coming from an occupancy pickup, or is that all coming from rent spread?
James M. Taylor: Very modest, if any, occupancy. We do expect some rollover, as I alluded to during the course of the year, which will actually fluctuate our occupancy up and down quarter-to-quarter. But we're not seeing effective occupancy, if you will, much above where we are today. And to that point, a part of -- that sort of optimum or peak occupancy reflected, in part, the fact that Chris and the team really are driving the rents on the inventory that we have. So we're -- is it possible that we were to pick up additional occupancy during the course of the year? Perhaps. But that's not something that we're anticipating.
Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: So are you guys are running at peak occupancy now, or what's going on with that number?
Donald C. Wood: Look, 95.5% or so is what we -- where we believe peak occupancy is in this -- I'm not using the word peak, I'm using the word optimal occupancy. It may be able to get to 96%. But generally, we think we get what -- I saw recently, the Tanger numbers are up in the 98s and stuff. That's a -- I guess, in that business, that's possible to do. In this business, when we find that we're there, we are leaving money on the table. There is a balance between rates and occupancy, just like there is in the hotel business and everything else, Chris. And so you really have to think about optimal occupancy somewhere between 95.5% to 96% for this portfolio. It doesn't mean we can't get to 96.5% or something like that, but I'm actually critical of that because I want to make sure we're really pushing the rents. And that's, on a long-term basis, in my view, is much more valuable than giving away space.
Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just so I'm clear on the definition here, when you say occupancy, you mean the actual physical occupancy, or is that sort of the lease rate number you're talking about?
Donald C. Wood: I think the 2 of those come together. Now at -- so the leased and physical in the ideal world are the same thing. Obviously, at any one time, they can vary one way versus the other. But I use that, Chris, interchangeably when I talk about 95.5% to 96%. So I don't want you to think there's no room to go in occupancy. There is room to go in occupancy, and off of where we are. It's just not anywhere near where our competitors think they can be because it's a different type of portfolio.
Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then just -- can you give us me a sense as to what the spread is right now between the leased and the occupied rate?
James M. Taylor: Yes. 94.6% versus 95.3% lease.
Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: So that's 70 basis points. Is that -- because it seems a little tight from a historical perspective, but is that...
James M. Taylor: Not. It's not really. It's pretty much in line. And again, quarter-to-quarter, it can fluctuate based on -- we can have a box rollover and bring down the occupied or go the other way on the lease. But again, we've been pretty stable, from an occupancy standpoint, over the last several quarters, and I think, really, the point that we want to make here is that we're generating much, if not all, of this growth really through the rollover that we have. And that's the components of the embedded rent growth, the option exercises and the cash rollover growth.
Donald C. Wood: Chris, before you hang up, I just wanted to give you some perspective. I'm just looking at something that's pretty cool here. In the fourth quarter of 2007, all right, we were 96.7% leased; 95.4% occupied, those were the high-water marks in terms of that. Every other period of time, over the last 10 years, we were somewhere, when you talk about the great days, between 95.5% and 96%.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back to Kristina Lennox for closing comments.
Kristina Lennox : Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. We look forward to seeing you next week at NAREIT, and have a great weekend. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kristina Lennox  Donald C. Wood - Chief Executive Officer, President, Trustee and Chairman of Executive Investment Committee James M. Taylor - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Brandon Cheatham Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Q2 2013 Federal Realty Investment Trust Earnings Conference. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Kristina Lennox. You may begin.
Kristina Lennox : Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dawn Becker, Jim Taylor, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster and Melissa Solis. These and other members of our management team are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our second quarter 2013 supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to the trust's operating and financial performance. This document is currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. Risks inherent in these assumptions include, but are not limited to, future economic conditions, including interest rates, real estate conditions and the risks and costs of construction. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our second quarter 2013 results. Don?
Donald C. Wood: Thanks, Christina and good morning, everybody. This is a very powerful quarter for our company, both in terms of reported results and for the deals and initiatives that were getting done that will set us up very well for the future. Let me start out with about a dozen bullet points that summarize the progress and then I'll put more context around them. First, on the reported results side, very, very solid top line rental income growth of 8.4% in the quarter, more than half of which came from same-center comparisons. Same-center rental income grew 5.1%. At the property level operating income line, we grew 7.6% company-wide and 5.2% on a same-center basis. It's important to understand that we put up those property operating income numbers despite very little in the way of lease termination fees in the quarter compared with, well, a lot last year. We had $2.2 million of lease termination fees in last year's quarter compared with $300,000 this year, a full $0.03 per share less. When adjusting for lease termination fees in both periods, same-center growth was 7%. FFO per share of $1.14, excluding of course the $0.05 charge on the early payoff of our senior notes, compared with $1.04 last year or a 9.6% growth, and again, that $1.04 last year was helped by those lease termination fees. We ended the quarter with a portfolio that is 95.3% leased, up slightly from the 95.1% leased at the end of the first quarter and up 110 basis points from the 94.2% a year ago. Now, as strong as those reported results were, and they were, helped again by the second straight quarter of near nonexistent bad debt, consider the work that was accomplished during the quarter to set us up for continued operational outperformance in the quarters and years to come. Leasing was very strong, 103 comparable deals, 471,000 square feet, first-year new rent at $31.10 per foot versus last year, the old rent at $27 or a full 15% more on a cash basis. And that includes a significant roll down in capital for the re-leasing of the Best Buy building at Santana. Let me talk about that for a minute. For those of you who have been covering us for a long time might remember a very strong deal that we made with Best Buy back in 2003, which effectively had been paying market rent for a newly constructed building plus the full cost of that building over the last 10 years. It was a great deal that ran its course, and we're now re-leasing part of that building to a great new concept, and in my view, a tenant in the future that you'll be hearing a lot about called Fixtures Living. Our lease regulars would have been off the charts to 22%, excluding that Best Buy building, but that's the beauty of the portfolio. On balance, its geographic and retail format diversity usually create a very strong overall company-wide portfolio result. On the balance sheet side, our timing and execution for issuing $275 million of 10-year unsecured notes at 2.89%, which was treasuries at $177 million plus a spread of 112, couldn't have been much better. We used the proceeds to prepay $135 million of 5.4% notes due this December, which is why you see a $3.4 million charge for the early debt extinguishment on the P&L, and to partly fund our development pipeline. The rest of it was cash on the balance sheet. I would be remiss not to the point out the board's approval of a nearly 7% quarterly dividend increase, beginning with the October dividend, which will bring us to $3.12 a share on an annualized basis. It represents the 46th consecutive year of dividend increases, something that one other REIT in any sector in the country can say. And all of this brings me to a discussion of our development and redevelopment pipeline and the reason why we have so much conviction in our direction, and for that matter, where future retail value creation lies. Demand for the type of product that we offer is strong. It's very strong. And it's not primarily about filling space that has sat vacant for quite some time but can now be filled as the economy has a bit of wind behind it. It's not about creating new greenfield projects and creating brand-new demand in places that may fill in someday. To us, it's much more about developing, refining and re-merchandising existing retail destinations that address the things that are important to today's and tomorrow's consumers, not yesterday's. Destinations that serve lots of people with lots of money to spend and that play an inclusive role in their daily work and in their personal lives. Traffic congestion is not getting any better in these cities and close-in suburbs, and access to mass transit is playing a bigger and bigger role. So our convenience to work, lots of food alternatives and a healthy lifestyle, we're seeing in demand and includes our mixed -- our new mixed-use developments but extends far past them into restaurant, health club and even residential alternatives in most of our properties and markets. Maybe the clearest example that we see today lies in the explosion of demand affecting the greater Los Angeles area, west of the 405 Freeway. These cities like Manhattan Beach, Hermosa Beach, El Segundo in Santa Monica, are filled with residents who don't want to deal with the traffic and lifestyle issues necessitated by the clogged freeway system. They live west of the 405. They want to stay west of the 405. I think it's one of the reasons that sales and tenant demand in our Plaza El Segundo center at retailers and restaurants on Third Street Promenade in Santa Monica and the early tenant demand we're finding during the planning stages our development called The Pointe look so strong. The long-term trends in these types of locations look very, very good to us, and I'm not sure I can say about all types of retail. If you add successful mass transit infrastructure like we've got at both Assembly Row and Pike & Rose, and the prospects look even better. With roughly 14 months to go before opening the first phase of Pike & Rose in Rockville, 63% of the total rent pro forma and 72% of the retail GLA has been committed under either a fully executed lease or a heavily negotiated and signed letter of intent at this point in time. Now, the economics of this first phase of Pike & Rose are going to rest with the success of the residential leasing and not the retail, and so we won't have a handle on that until we start marketing the apartments in several quarters. But the fact that the personality of this destination, which is formed by the ground floor of retail experience, has started out so positively, is extremely encouraging. It bodes very, very well for future capital allocation decisions here with respect to future phases, and construction of both Pike & Rose remains on budget and on time. Let's go to Somerville. With roughly a year to go before opening the first phase of Assembly Row, 61% of the total retail rent pro forma and 72% of the retail space has been committed under either a fully executed lease or a heavily negotiated and signed letter of intent at this point in time. Nike factory store will join Saks OFF 5th as our 2 dominant outlet anchors. Together with Steve Madden, Brooks Brothers, Le Creuset, Chico's and 20 other outlet tenants, we'll round out that important segment in the first phase. We couldn't be more excited about landing entertainment anchor LEGOLAND Discovery Center for their only Boston area, and in fact, only New England site. And they'll join the 12-screen AMC Theater and share the goal of introducing thousands of families and shoppers to the project. And Canadian restaurant company Earl's will anchor that important segment and join previously announced Legal C Bar and Papagayo, along 4 or 5 other full-service restaurants and a half a dozen quick service restaurants, so that our food offering is varied and complete. Separately, we opened Starbucks this quarter and a local favorite, Burger Dive, on a pad that helps bridge the existing power center at Assembly with the new development. As with Pike & Rose, Assembly remains on time and on budget. And out in California, the latest residential building at Santana, which we call Misora, is furthest along with the first move-ins expected by year end and pre-leasing underway and initial demand significantly exceeding our expectations. Hereto, we remain on schedule and on budget. In our view, this $500 million worth of development which is underway, when combined with the very real future phases, which, if it all turns out as we hope and expect, should follow on the yields of the first phase and create visibility to value creative opportunities that are really quite extraordinary. And if you then consider the bread-and-butter shopping center redevelopments that have long been a core part of what we do, add in some future larger long-term opportunities like Pike 7 in Tyson's Virginia and a very active and aggressive acquisition effort, we simply feel that we have a wonderful and very unique opportunity to leverage our portfolio and track record to really create significant value to this class-leading portfolio in the years and decades to come. That's all I have for my prepared comments this morning. Let me turn it over to Jim to talk about our financial results and outlook in more detail, and we'll get back to you after that with questions.
James M. Taylor: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. As Don just outlined, we had a great quarter on all fronts, truly demonstrating how this portfolio and team outperform, not just through the downturn, but also in an improving economic environment. Even with relatively stable occupancy, the strong performance underscores the point that I've discussed with many of you, and that is that well-located in-fill real estate truly outperforms through all cycles, not just in a downturn. In fact, in good times, great things happen to good real estate. Further, as Don discussed, this improvement in the retail outlook has provided great tailwind for the investments and redevelopments that we are making at our prudent in-fill locations. Importantly, these investments position the company well, not just for near-term accretion as these investments deliver, but also long-term continued growth as we expect these locations to outperform from a growth perspective. Before turning to the quarter, I should note that much, if not all, of the rollover growth that Don discussed that exceeded 22% without Best Buy were 15% overall, which includes all space, no matter how long vacant. This quarter really sets up our growth for next year and beyond. The performance of the core portfolio and the visibility that the rollover provides on next year and beyond is truly remarkable. In fact, the NOI growth that we realized this quarter was achieved in rollover on leases signed as far back as 2 years ago. I'm going to walk through some of the key underlying drivers for the quarter, review some significant balance sheet items and liquidity, discuss outlook for acquisitions and finally provide some details on our updated guidance for 2013. Overall, property operating income for the second quarter increased 7.6% to $112 million in the quarter compared to the prior year. Consistent with prior periods, most of the increase was attributable to increases in same-center POI, which increased $5.1 million or 5%, including redevelopments, and $5 million or 5.2%, excluding redevelopments. As discussed last quarter, this growth reflects the drag from the loss of income at Mid-Pike as we redeveloped that center into Pike & Rose. Additionally, as Don noted in his remarks, these increases in same-center POI were achieved despite a $1.9 million decline in lease termination fees. Finally, the properties we acquired in 2012 and 2013 continue to perform very well, contributing to the balance of the increase in overall property operating income. Our EBITDA margin improved on a sequential basis as we maintain control over non-reimbursable expenses and G&A costs. The slight increase in G&A for the quarter was primarily attributable to incremental hiring and employee relocation costs, as well as some modest deal costs in our acquisition of Darien. With that investment in people and the projects that we are bringing online, we still expect overall G&A to be down slightly from last year, including the CFO transition costs, were up slightly if you exclude those costs. Interest expense on an overall basis decreased $1.6 million in the second quarter versus last year. This decrease was due to our overall -- lower overall weighted average borrowing rate, partially offset by a higher average balance as we carried the excess proceeds from our May debt offering as cash on our balance sheet. These factors taken together drove another record quarter in terms of FFO, with overall adjusted FFO of $74.5 million, excluding the make-whole Don mentioned earlier; an increase of $7.8 million or 11.6% over the prior year quarter; and adjusted FFO per share of $1.14, an increase of 9.6% over the prior year quarter of $1.04. With that strong performance, we are pleased to announce, as Don mentioned, an increase in our dividend to an annual rate of $3.12, which represents almost a 7% increase. Turning to the balance sheet. We continued to pay off mortgage debt during the quarter as it became prepayable, retiring a $19 million mortgage associated with Crow Canyon. In addition, we raised $50 million of equity under our ATM at a weighted average price of $116.55 per share, which significantly exceeded the volume weighted average price during the open window we had in the quarter. We did step back from the ATM during the quarter as the markets became volatile in May and June. As Don mentioned, we closed on our public offering of $275 million of 2.75% coupon notes, matching the all-time low 10-year coupon achieved in the REIT space. And in June, we redeemed the 5.40% senior secured -- unsecured notes which included a make-whole of $3.4 million. Subsequent to quarter end, we finalized the sale of our 5th Avenue asset in San Diego, California and entered into an agreement to sell our Forest Hills asset in Long Island, New York, for a total sales price of $36 million, or implied cap rate below 5%. The Forest Hills sale is still subject to buyer's due diligence. We plan to take advantage of a reverse 1031 exchange on our Darien acquisition to defer the taxable gains resulting from these sales. Looking forward, we have revised our 2013 FFO per share guidance upward to $4.56 to $4.60, excluding make-whole, to reflect the ongoing strength in our underlying portfolio and continued improvement in tenant performance. Again, we expect overall occupancy to remain relatively flat during the year. Where we end up in that range of $4.56 to $4.60 will depend on timing of tenant rollover, always the biggest driver, and other income drivers such as the term fees. Finally, our access to capital and liquidity has never been better. Even with this volatility, our debt pricing remains low on both an absolute and relative basis given our strong balance sheet. We have over $100 million of cash and $600 million of availability under our line of credit. In addition, we retained great access to our ATM. All of this provides maximum flexibility in funding our planned development and redevelopment expenditures for the balance of next year -- or balance of this year and next year. Some of you have assumed additional acquisitions during the year, and while we feel very good about our pipeline of activity, it's not the pricing for high-quality assets in this ultra competitive environment. It's difficult to predict what, if any, deals we'll actually make. We will not lower our standards for quality just for quantity. Thus, we will update our guidance upon completion of any future acquisitions when they occur. Some of you have inquired as to whether the recent volatility in the capital market, which saw the 10-year widen by as much as 100 bps, has reset cap rates. As demonstrated by our recent asset sales and supported by our ongoing acquisition activities, we have not seen a movement in cap rates. Sellers might be more anxious to move more quickly, but competition for quality assets, which has never really been driven by leverage, remains high. With all of that said, we feel very good about our pipeline and hope to be able to announce some federal quality transactions in the coming months. Finally, before I end, I ask that all of you be on the lookout for a save the date for an Investor Day at Assembly Row in early October. As Don mentioned, we are extremely excited about our progress at Assembly and look forward to seeing many of you there. With that, operator, I would like to turn the call over to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Jeff Donnelly of Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Don, I think we can debate the reasons but I think the performance of Federal as a stock this year hasn't necessarily reflected the operating successes or potential that may exist in the portfolio. I know you don't want to give guidance, but can you talk in broad strokes first about how you see core growth shaking out the next 2 to 3 years compared to maybe recent trends? And then secondarily, when the developments of Pike & Rose and Assembly could begin to meaningfully impact the bottom line?
Donald C. Wood: Yes. I think that's -- I can, Jeff, give you points of view on it anyway. The first thing I do want to say, and I think it's really hard anytime you've got a company that's got a bunch of development coming on, I see lots of people who refer to Federal as trading at a 4.7 cap. Well, there's $460 million or so on the balance sheet as construction in process, and the idea of taking income and dividing it by a total asset base that includes assets that are not performing and are not put into service yet seems unfair effectively. So at some point, we're going to get to this conversation, and I think, as Jim said in the last -- and he said, we're going to get you up to Assembly in the next 60 days or 75 days, and I'd love to get everybody better educated effectively on exactly what it is that we're doing there and exactly what it is that we're doing at Pike & Rose, so that there can be a better understanding of the core vis-a-vis the development opportunities that are not opportunities any longer. They're being constructed. So that's an important distinction first, I think, when you talk about underperformance, Jeff, but that needs to be understood better and I think that's primarily on us, to do a better job that way and it's probably the right time. When you talk about the core, look, I've said this before, I get -- I'm not sure everybody agrees with me, but I just believe that this business is a 3% business on the side of Federal and I think it's a 1.5% or 2% business in terms of same-store growth when you take out lease-up, when you take out occupancy changes and you simply talk about what overall portfolios grow in terms of NOI. That's the business that we're in. That doesn't mean any quarter. That doesn't mean any necessarily year. But it is the business that we're in. For -- when I see Federal, what I have seen over the past, it's now 3 or 4 quarters, is better leverage in our ability to push rents. And I think it shows not only in the numbers, but I think it shows in the amount of yields effectively that we're getting done. I don't see that stopping. I see -- softening is the wrong word, but I see it leveling out a little bit as we get into these summer months and we'll see how that goes for the rest of the year. But there is clearly pent-up demand for the right kind of locations. And I think if you take a look deep into these results, that you'll see it's very broad based. And that is something that has continually gotten better over the years. So that doesn't mean any period of time you're not going to see 4% growth from us, 5% growth from us. Even more, this quarter was really, really strong. And part of this quarter, again, as we picked up occupancy year-over-year, not as much as some of our competitors, but nonetheless, there is a component of that associated in there. So I don't know, Jeff, if that's as much as you need or you want some more on it, but the notion of kind of thinking about this company long term, what it's going to do, it's 3%. And when we get -- start getting the incremental benefit from those developments, which will start in the second half of 2014 and certainly positively impact '15 and then more so in '16, and frankly, when you look at the future phases beyond that, it is -- it's visibility towards value creation that is kind of hard to see everywhere in our business. It's right there.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. Just maybe 2-part on Assembly Row. First, is there any status update on the IKEA parcel? I'm sorry, I might have missed it in your remarks. And then the other is, the apartment rents there look pretty attractive and I'm sure Avalon will have a good experience. Is there any prohibition or lockup on Federal starting construction on additional multi-family in the near like -- in the next 1 or 2 years? Or do you have like a window for them when they're going to be protected?
Donald C. Wood: Let me give you -- there is no such prohibition. We -- it's market driven. We'll evaluate that opportunity for future phases. We're certainly going to watch and see how they do in the first phase. I'd be lying to you if I told you I wasn't a little bit envious because I think, from everything we can tell in terms of demand and the market rents that they'll achieve, you'd have to talk to Avalon about this, but I think they're going to -- I think it's going to be great. And when it comes to future phases, we're -- I mean, look, we're going to look hard at trying to learn from that. We'll have a bias to doing it ourselves. But we're going to wait and see, and there's no prohibition one way or the other on our ability to do that. No handcuffs. When it comes to the IKEA parcel, I did not mention the IKEA parcel and I probably should have. We have the approval to buy the IKEA parcel. And we've got another -- we got board approval to that. In fact, we got that done yesterday. We have not decided internally whether we're going to do that or not. We will decide that in the next 2 months. We got until the end of September effectively to exercise that option with IKEA. Right now, I would handicap it better than 50-50 that we're going to get that done.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Right. And just maybe a last question for Jim. As G&A costs picked up a little bit, are you still comfortable with about $30 million a year for G&A? And secondarily, is there any ability to accelerate refinancing of your 2004 debt maturities, just to take advantage of where rates are?
James M. Taylor: Both good questions. Yes, I think that's a reasonable run rate, Jeff, in terms of G&A. And again, ticked up slightly this quarter because we were making investments in people as we're bringing this value creation online. So employee hiring, relocation costs, et cetera, including bringing on board Russ Joyner who's going to manage the Assembly Row project for us. In terms of that debt refinancing opportunity, very, very much in our focus, particularly when you consider where rates are, the ability to go out long on terms. And frankly, the expensive costs that the debt and the mortgages that are coming due next year, both next year, Jeff, at the 7.5%. And frankly, in 2015, we got some 7.95%. So we're looking at it. Again, we're sitting with some cash on the balance sheet. And I think, as I've always said, we never want to be in the market when we have to be. We're going to be opportunistic. It's part of what drove our decision to do the 2.75% bonds that we did, and we'll wait until the market conditions are favorable to do that.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Don, some of your California comments remind me of a T-shirt that reads, life begins west of Sepulveda.
Donald C. Wood: Actually, we just need to adjust those T-shirts and say, Life begins at Sepulveda, because that's where Plaza El Segundo is.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A question on development. When I look at the cost to date relative to the projected cost on both Pike & Rose and Assembly Row, it's still pretty minor. When does that start to pick up more aggressively? When will we start to see you spend more on the cost of those development projects?
Donald C. Wood: We're -- we -- I mean, they are both in full force right now. Now how some of that -- how some of the cash is playing out is based on how we're negotiating the -- how we negotiate the contracts, et cetera. But we are there fully. So you should see, third quarter, which will be stronger than second quarter, fourth quarter stronger than that, and a continuation into the middle or actually third quarter of next year. By that point, with a little bit of luck, we're going to be talking about maybe an additional phase at Pike & Rose that could follow right on. But there'll be a little bit of gap there. But that's really the period of time that you should see the next 4 quarters straight.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Just a few questions here. First, Don, you talked about things starting to pick up in the back half of next year, as the deliveries -- as the redevelopment starts to hit, and really it's '15 and '16, but if you think about it from development, there's always that initial drag, which means probably it's more of a negative from an FFO perspective in '14 before you get all the NOI contributing in the '15. Obviously, Federal is a company that wants to grow earnings and does consistently over time. Does this make you guys want to be more aggressive on the acquisition front to sort of buy -- fill in to offset that drag for next year? Just want to know how you guys are thinking about it.
Donald C. Wood: That's a fair question, Alex, and let me be unequivocal. No. The -- our acquisition criteria, our acquisition approach, our acquisition shipments effectively and the way we go about that is not impacted one iota based on what earnings are going to be. Those are 2 completely separate things. The company -- look, this company is primarily, we believe it through and through, is about value creation in the real estate. There are times when that value creation works beautifully in terms of FFO growth and there are times like bringing on development, as you rightly point out, when there is a lag that gets picked up later on. But the driver is the value in the real estate. And you very appropriately talked about that drag there. Let me say this, even with the drag that naturally happens from -- you're going to see -- we still certainly expect to see FFO growth next year. So I don't want you to think that we'll be going backwards. The going question is, what's the core doing versus what the development doing in. And it's incumbent upon us to do a little bit better job than we've been doing, to tell you the truth, on -- in understanding of how those 2 components really contribute to the company. And it's kind of the same conversation I was having before in terms of what the actual implied cap rate of this company and that goes together and it's incumbent upon us to break that out a little bit differently. But please don't think, oh my gosh, in order to get more earnings, we're going to go make some acquisitions to be accretive. If we did that -- you wouldn't want this team here doing that.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay, okay. And then the second question is for Jim. And as you guys -- obviously, interest rates have been very volatile as of late. The jobs number today and depending on who the Fed -- who the president replaces in the Fed, we could end up with a dubbish [ph] environment, in which case the question's sort of mute. But assuming the new interest rate volatility, how has that impacted your thoughts for your approaching the $130 million of June '14 mortgages as far as getting out early and maybe doing some prepay or just saying, you know what, I think that rates are probably going to be where they are right now so no sense in doing anything aggressive ahead of that.
James M. Taylor: Look, I mean, no one's crystal ball is perfect, Alex, as you well know, and we're not about trying to time the market. The thing that we do look at is what is the health of the market at any particular point in time and is it a favorable environment in which to go out and raise capital. Clearly, we saw that earlier in the year. I think this volatility that the market has seen over the last couple of months has made it less advantageous to be an issuer in the environment. Folks who are paying new issue concessions that were pretty material, I think we've seen that market settle in a little bit. But I think what's important for us, again, is to always have maximum flexibility to access the market when appropriate and not when you see a lot of dislocation and unfavorable dynamics from an issuer's perspective.
Operator: Our next question is from Christy McElroy of UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a few questions on your same-store NOI growth. It seems like the recovery rate was up about 170 bps year-over-year. Is there a way to quantify the impact that, that had on same-store NOI growth in the quarter? And can you remind me, was there anything onetime impacting that ratio a year ago?
James M. Taylor: No, no. Again, I think the biggest difference, Christy, year-over-year in the same-store really was the term fees that we had last year. We had a couple of significant term fees out on the West Coast that we didn't have this year. Otherwise, really, the bulk of the same-store growth was driven by min rent, not so much by recoveries. And if there's something that we can provide the additional detail, let's catch up offline. But effectively, pretty straightforward in terms of what the drivers were of that NOI growth.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: The -- you report your same-store NOI growth on a GAAP basis. Is that correct? Is it any different on a cash basis?
James M. Taylor: Yes. No, not materially. I mean, again, if you look at our overall GAAP adjustments coming down from the revenue line, you can see that they're not material. And when you think about our same-store portfolio, and I think this is an important point, when you include redevelopment in our same-store portfolio, it's effectively 95-plus percent of our NOI, which I think is unique in our sector. A lot of people will take that "same-store pool" and make some adjustments as to what's truly comparable. So you're looking at NOI that's maybe only 75% of total NOI that's in your same-store pool. We try to keep it simple. And so really, when you look at what we've disclosed on our GAAP adjustments, you can see what we're doing overall, and it's basically right in line with what's happening on the same-store pool.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. I'd definitely love to follow up offline about it. Second question. I think back in '06, you were in the mid to sort of upper 97% range for occupancy. I'm wondering how much upside do you see in occupancy today. Looking at your small shop lease percentage of 90.7%, would the bulk of the upside be in that part of the portfolio?
Donald C. Wood: Yes, I think it would. I mean -- 97% is -- I don't remember it being 97%. I guess we...
Kristina Lennox : We rounded up to 97%.
Donald C. Wood: But that is very fully leased in the portfolio. And I actually would not expect to get to -- I mean, it could happen in any particular quarter, but I would not expect it to be at 97%. Having said that, there's still room to go. Absolutely, there's still room to go. And the small shop rent is where -- small shop occupancy is where it primarily would happen. As we're at 90% or 91%, we've been as high as 94%, we've been as low as 89% in -- on that sector. So there's room to go there.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I've 97.7% in the third quarter of '06, or maybe that's wrong, but that's what I have in my model.
Donald C. Wood: Of course, it's right.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Brandon Cheatham of SunTrust and Robinson Humphrey.
Brandon Cheatham: Just had a quick question. I'm wondering how the market dynamics have potentially changed your view on future phases of your development and if you have any color on the timing of additional phases.
Donald C. Wood: It's a great question. What will color our view on future phases will be results of our first phase and how we're doing. I can tell you that, as you know, development is a long-term business. The idea that -- and none of these developments we're doing for the first phase is to be done and just standalone that way because as you see from Santana, as you see from lots of our projects, it is those future phases where we really create value in a significant way. I mean, those residential buildings are happening out of Santana at 8% and the last one was almost a 9% deal versus you tell me what the cap rate is on that kind of money. That's serious value creation, and so we would certainly expect to be able to build out the balance of these projects. Now we're going to see how the first phase is doing. We're taking information in all the way along. Just like the first quarter, the first -- the earlier call asking about Assembly and how Avalon will be doing on those -- on the apartments, that will be very, very important information for us to assess the likelihood of additional demand at that location. Right now, that is looking real good, but we don't have to guess about that. In the next 6 months, we'll see it.
Operator: Our next question is from Vincent Chao of Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just going back to the financing side of things. I mean, where do you see debt spreads today for 10 year if you were to do the deal that you did earlier today?
James M. Taylor: Yes, it's moved out. We did the last deal at about 1.12%, and I think it's probably moved out 25 -- 20, 25 basis points from there.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And just sticking with the funding side of things. In terms of the remaining -- the CapEx spend for the rest of the year, in the past, I think you've talked about using a mix of debt as well as ATM usage to fund that and you've also noted some volatility here that's causing you to move away from the ATM usage here recently. Just curious, given that the private market cap rates still haven't really moved, do you see more dispositions increasing as a funding source?
James M. Taylor: We'll be opportunistic there just as we are on the acquisition side. We typically will try to match up dispositions with acquisitions so that we can do it most efficiently. We've owned our average assets 20 years, so we need to focus on the efficiency of those transactions. But we're always evaluating the different markets and trying to put ourselves in a position that we're not stuck in any particular execution. With that said, I do need to point out that we will remain disciplined from a balance sheet perspective. We're not going to let our metrics deteriorate, something that we focused on, because that's the basis of our flexibility. That's what gives us the ability to raise capital most efficiently in a manner that is opportunistic for the company. So that discipline will stay. And again, whether it's future dispositions or equity raises, will be driven a large measure by what we're seeing.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And just one last question. I was curious, in the press release regarding the Chelsea Place completion, you talked about a modular design that helped to shorten the time frame for development and that kind of thing. I was just wondering if you could just quantify some of the benefits that you saw from that and if that's something that can be applied to other -- some of your other residential projects.
Donald C. Wood: Okay. I love that you asked that question, Vin. I'll tell you what that's about. It's something we're still in the early phases of. I mean, obviously, we own lots of shopping centers in very in-fill locations. And the ability to do some residential on in-fill locations is something that we've always looked at very closely. But by the same token, living in the back of a shopping center may not be on the top of everybody's list in terms of a place to be. So trying to balance demand with the economics has always been a challenge and would be all the time. By doing a modular design, it does seem, at the particular location that we're talking about, which is Chelsea, Massachusetts, just outside of Boston, and I do mean just outside of Boston, very close in suburbs. In order to make the numbers work, given where we thought market rents were, we needed to find a way to effectively take costs $1 million -- let's call it 10% or 12%, out of the cost basis to make it -- make some sense without doing just a bare-bones project that wouldn't satisfy the market. Modular may have given us that opportunity. I think it did in that particular case. Now whether that's able to be exploited and moved on to 3, 4, 5 or 6 other places, it's the experiment that we're in the middle of right now, but it does open up a new way of looking at the building that is very different, obviously, than what we would do at Pike & Rose or Assembly or any of the other larger mixed-use projects. So that's kind of where we were on that one and more to come in terms of the next couple of years, in terms of whether we can find a couple of other places to deploy $13 million at an 8 or better than an 8.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So I mean, if we're thinking about it, it really sounds like it wouldn't necessarily increase the yield but just opens up more opportunities to do more of that kind of development.
Donald C. Wood: Effectively, it does increase the yield in terms of those because if we...
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But it wouldn't be -- it wouldn't go to 12, but you'd just have more of those opportunities that you could -- you'd actually...
Donald C. Wood: That's right. There's a project when there wouldn't be before.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And is that something -- I mean, that was specific to the construction coming you're using there. Is that something that's pretty widespread you think?
Donald C. Wood: Oh, it's widespread. And there are absolutely other developers that use that. But what I'm not sure of is whether that modular design is really the critical thing in terms of being able to make the projects work as opposed to really understanding what the market rents are and what the product that had to be built is. Modular just gives us another way to look at it to compete within developers, within other construction companies.
James M. Taylor: And Vin, one thing to point out when we talk about modular construction, when you actually see the product, you can't tell. It's very well executed, and we're pleased with how the units look and we're certainly getting very positive feedback from some of the initial residents.
Operator: Our next question is from Omotayo Okusanya of Jefferies.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to focus on Assembly Row a little bit. And just with the hiring of Russ, exactly what -- again, he's kind of been tasked with over the next 12 to 18 months to make sure that the project itself is a rousing success?
Donald C. Wood: It's a good question. And Tayo is talking about Russ Joyner, who is a new hired General Manager that we hired for -- specifically for Assembly. And I just want to give a little kind of shout out to Russ because we stepped up here. We got a very experienced guy, a guy that came directly from Miracle Mile Shops in Vegas, has terrific experience with Hollywood and Highland and a number of other big projects throughout the country over the last 15, 20 years. He also played with Doug Flutie whilst in college back in the 80s. So that's not a bad thing for the local conversation. But Russ is a very qualified guy who, getting in early in a big mixed-use project, we have found from Santana, from Pentagon, from Rockville, that it's critical to a full understanding of how the projects' coming together, how the leases are being negotiated from an operating perspective. He's looking very closely at the marketing plans, the grand opening, how it all ties together, the place-making, the tenant relationships as they -- as the space is turned over to them. Very, very critical to not do that too late. So that your operating team comes on after development and construction have effectively built the place out and leasing the place out without -- it makes it much harder to have the right kind of synergies between those departments if you bring them on too late. That's what he's doing here now and we're thrilled to have him.
Omotayo T. Okusanya - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Great. Very helpful. And then just in regards to marketing Assembly Row to the general community, could you kind of talk about some of the new initiatives taking place?
Donald C. Wood: I'm not going to get down to the individuals things that we're doing per se, but I will tell you, on a big picture, there are some major things to think about. One is the Riverfront in Somerville, Massachusetts, on the Mystic River has never been exploited. It's never been opened up and effectively used as the amenity that it could be to the community. We've done that now, and that's one of the reasons I can't wait to get you there to see it, in terms of how it really adds to the feeling of this property. It's really, really important. Secondly, we signed a temporary deal, brought in a temporary deal on the adjacent parcel, in fact, effectively on the IKEA parcel, for a Cirque du Soleil type of show called Cavalia, which will bring in more than 100,000 people over the next 7, 8, 10 weeks. It's kind of longer there. But the first show is next week. That will get people to understand how to get in there, how it all works, and we think it's really, really positive. And frankly, if you saw the tents and the view from the highway, from 93 of this, I think you'd be blown away. In addition to that, we do much more of the traditional marketing stuff in terms of events using that park, activating it, getting people comfortable and understanding where it is that we're going or how to get there and how to be part of it before a large grand opening party which will take place next year.
James M. Taylor: You're already seeing some of the activity benefiting the power center, in terms of activity and traffic. And with the completion of the Starbucks and Burger Dive that Don mentioned, you're starting to see how the site fits together and I think our tenants there are thrilled about what's going on and the attention that we're drawing to the project.
Operator: Our next question is from Cedrik Lachance of Green Street Advisor.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Don, when I look at the 2 dispositions that you're making this quarter, I guess closing early next quarter, they seem to be away from other assets that you own. What does that -- or these 2 transaction tell us in regards to the need for asset concentration in a particular market? And where do you think it should be for your company in terms of critical mass in any particular market?
Donald C. Wood: In both cases, Cedrik, both of those assets, both San Diego and Forest Hills, go back to a time where we acquired street retail assets on a one-off basis. It's a really hard way to do it in a public company of our size. And so over the past 10 years, we've disposed of most of those one-off assets. In fact, it really impacted how we thought about Newbury Street in Boston, if you remember just a couple of years ago. We bought a few buildings. We thought we could get more. When we couldn't get the largest portfolio, we immediately turned around and sold them because we don't want to be involved as a kind of an absentee landlord with one-off triple net. We can't do -- we're not going to make any money in that kind of situation. So the ability to have -- to get a very good price, I think you'll be very happy with the cap rates that you see on them, the first one is closed. The second one, I mean, that deal could fall through. It's in due diligence now. It'll -- it's scheduled to close, I think, in early September. But assuming it happens, I think you'll see why a private owner can take that and have it at work, get a low cap rate for that person, but for us, to be able to shelter that tax gain, which is substantial, over the 10 and 15 years that we've owned these assets and roll it into something like Darien on a tax efficient basis where we see and we have a plan to be able to create some significant value or we hope to have a plan and be able to do that is, to us, just smart recycling. And that's what we're about.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just in regards to asset concentration in any particular market, you touched on street retail. What does it mean portfolio-wide? How important is it to have some sort of critical mass in the markets you target?
Donald C. Wood: Yes, Jim, I'm chomping at the bit, hold on.
James M. Taylor: We like the markets that we're in, Cedrik. We think over time that the way those markets work together and interact help us continually outperform. In terms of areas that we're particularly focused on, obviously, we'd like to add more in the Northeast and hence, you saw the Darien acquisition and we hope to be able to do a few more things up there. But generally speaking, we remain focused on the markets where we are and think that those markets are going to position us well for the next several years.
Donald C. Wood: And when you think about that, Cedrik, don't you think about acquisitions. Think about this development pipeline. Think about what kind I was talking about with respect to Plaza El Segundo. And we're not there on the numbers yet, but I think we will be in terms of being able to do the point, which is on some really nice new development adjacent to it because of that. Would I like to be -- would like it to be bigger in Southern California? Absolutely would. I mean, those assets have performed and we expected to continue to perform extremely well. The same thing with respect to our additional investment in Northern California. Boston is going to be a critical market for us as Assembly Square comes on and continues to do -- and we continue to build it out going forward. Rockville right here in Washington D.C. with Pike & Rose and what's happening with Pike & Rose, and everything else that we own here makes us important in those markets. It make us do a better job when we're there. So I believe thoroughly in the concentration of a few markets that are very different. And I've said this before, having the volatility of Northern California with the stability, if you will, of the Northeast and mid-Atlantic is really -- it's terrific. And that doesn't mean that we couldn't -- you couldn't see us out of Seattle if something was -- were happening there or to get bigger in Florida, in the type of assets that we'd like to buy, you could see that all day long. But you won't see -- you have to basically consider us in the markets that we're in and we still see largely because of the development pipeline, a whole lot more to do in those markets.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one just thing on development. Where do you think the rents you've been signing at Assembly compare with what you had underwritten? And are you been a little bit ahead, a little bit behind? Where are you at in terms of rent levels?
Donald C. Wood: We're where we thought we were going to be. A little bit ahead on the restaurant deals that were there. The subsidized deals that we have to do in terms the Nikes and the Saks' are just that as we thought they would be. The theater deal is a big deal. And the theater deal is right where we thought it was going to be. LEGO, we specifically did for that use, a little worse than we expected to be. But you know what, that's what it is. It's an underwriting forecast that has things that are better and worse. Overall, we're right where we thought we were going to be. But as I said, I think the restaurants will push it up a little bit more than that.
Operator: We have no further questions. I will now turn the call back over to Kristina Lennox.
Kristina Lennox : Thank you, Christine, and thank you, everyone, for participating in our second quarter earnings conference call. Again, like Don and Jim mentioned, please keep an eye out for our Assembly Row Investor Day save the date that will be held at the beginning of October. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kristina Lennox  Donald C. Wood - Chief Executive Officer, President, Trustee and Chairman of Executive Investment Committee James M. Taylor - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Jeff Kreshek - Vice President of West Coast leasing
Analysts: Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Cedric Lachance Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Quarter 1 2013 Federal Realty Investment Trust Earnings Conference Call. My name is Yolanda, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Kristina Lennox. Ms. Lennox, you may begin.
Kristina Lennox : Thank you. Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dawn Becker, Jim Taylor, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster and Melissa Solis. These and other members of our management team are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our first quarter 2013 supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to the trust's operating and financial performance. This document is currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected and anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes that expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. Risks inherent in these assumptions include, but are not limited to, future economic conditions, including interest rates, real estate conditions and the risks and costs of construction. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Don to begin our discussion of our first quarter 2013 results. Don?
Donald C. Wood: Thanks, Kristina. Good morning, everybody. The strength and momentum that we felt throughout 2012 continued into 2013 first quarter. Quarterly results really speak for themselves. Top line revenue growth of nearly 8%, first quarter FFO per share growth, 9.6%, same-store operating income growth of 4.4%, our quarter-end portfolio leased at 95.1%, 254,000 feet of comparable new and regular leases of 12% higher rent, new raw materials for our midterm redevelopment pipeline in form of a great new shopping center acquisition in Darien, Connecticut, and a ratings upgrade from Standard & Poor's to A-, Stable that puts us in some pretty rarefied company. It was a pretty darn good quarter, so let me start out by talking about leasing and a couple of deals that really shaped the quarter. We completed 75 comparable deals in the quarter for 254,000 feet, about an average level volume for a 3-month period at Federal at a rent of $35.78, 12% higher than the $31.89 in place rent under the last year's -- the former lease. Renewals rose 4% and new deals created 24% more rent. Bethesda Row, just outside of Washington, DC, was particularly strong this quarter with 5 deals done, 3 renewals and 2 new tenants, with new contractual rents 24% higher than the former lease. Similarly, lots of leasing activities during the quarter at Barracks Road in Charlottesville, Virginia, where we signed 6 new deals, 3 renewals, 3 new tenants and significantly higher rents as we update and redevelop significant portions of that very important shopping center. Of the 75 leases that were negotiated at this center -- in this quarter, rather, 63 of them, that's 84%, were for the same or more rent, while only 12 of them rolled down. And most of those cases, the roll-downs were for property-related strategic positioning. In short, the leasing environment remains strong in all of our key markets. Expenses remain tightly managed and under control too as EBITDA increased 7% to $104 million in the first quarter despite snow removal expenses that were roughly $2 million higher than last year. On a same-store basis, first quarter property operating income rose 4.4%, which is very strong, especially considering that lease termination fees were nearly $1.5 million less this year than they were in last year's quarter. As I said at year end and want to reiterate here, these are numbers that we really haven't seen since the 2005, 2007 period of time. And like that period of time, benefit from the increases in occupancy year-over-year as we grew the quarters, in addition to pretty strong rent bumps. Physical occupancy is up strong on a year-over-year basis at 94.5%, as is the percentage of the portfolio that's leased at 95.1%. While both numbers are down slightly from year-end, largely due to a couple of anchors that are out to make room for new and repositioned shopping centers. That includes the Magruder's Food Store closed at Quince Orchard in Maryland to make room for continued redevelopment and re-merchandising of that center. Speaking of vacant anchors, you might remember that Genuardi's at Ellisburg closed late last year to make room for a new Whole Foods deal. The new Whole Foods lease is capital-intensive and that's why you'll notice in our 8-K that TI per foot are unusually high this quarter. But you might also remember that the Genuardi's lease termination fee that we received for this space more than covered those TIs along with all the downtime. Basically, this portfolio is as healthy or healthier than ever, and is expected to generate over $440 million of stable and growing cash flows this year that have been severely time-tested. When you combine that with an extremely conservative balance sheet, the debt on which was just upgraded by Standard & Poor's to an A-, Stable rating, we feel really good about using a measured portion of that capacity for smart development, redevelopment and income-producing acquisitions. And in that vein, let's move on to capital allocation and construction of acquisitions and development. Let me start with our first quarter acquisition at some very good retail real state adjacent to the Noroton train station in Darien. The center had been on our hit list for the better part of the last decade as the demographics and possibilities for redevelopment are right down the middle of the plate for our business plan. We paid $47.3 million for the center at about a 5 cap. Value creation on this property will be dependent on working at a new deal and plan for this shopping center with both Stop & Shop and with the town of Darien in the next several years. We're very hopeful that given our strong relationship with, Ahold, our largest tenant, that we'll be able to agree on a creative and exciting redevelopment plan that will work well for the community, for Stop & Shop and Federal Realty. If we're unable to do that, we'll be content to sit and clip coupons for the next 10 years on this great piece of real estate until Stop & Shop's lease were in better term and options. As I said that we fully expect to be able to make this a win-win for all sooner than that. On the development and redevelopment side, steady progress on all fronts since our last quarterly call were nearly topped off and enclosed by construction on the latest residential building at Santana, were fully out of the ground on the first phase of Pike & Rose and were hand-in-hand with AvalonBay on construction and assembly. Make sure you check out -- we have set up the website at federalrealty.com for construction status pictures at all 3 of those sites in San Jose, California, Rockville, Maryland and Somerville, Massachusetts for current views. The latest residential building at Santana, which we call Misora, is furthest along with the first move-ins expected by this year end, and pre-leasing will start in a couple of months from now. This residential building is going to turn out spectacular with amenities that are second to none, even for Santana -- at Santana standards. We remain on-schedule and on-budget at about $75 million, and residential demand has remained very strong at Silicon Valley throughout this construction process. We would expect cash-on-cash yields to be above 7%, maybe even touch 8% once stabilized. At Assembly Row, we continue to feel very good about our momentum and the product that we're going to deliver there. Retail merchandising is really taking shape with more than half of the space committed under fully-approved and signed LOIs, and we're really looking forward to ICSC in Las Vegas later this month to get a number of deals locked up, signed and free us up to make some tenant announcement shortly thereafter. We're very excited about the users that we expect to house. My only other comment on Assembly relates to the IKEA parcel where we continue to make progress toward a financially viable project on the site. Few development site hurdles to go there though, so you shouldn't count that backland acquisition as a done deal, really. More to come there as we refine various programs to see if we can make one work on a standalone basis. And finally, in Rockville, Maryland, Mid-Pike Plaza is rapidly becoming Pike & Rose. Construction is in the air on 2 of the 3 first-phase buildings and the third is just underway without changes to budget or timing. $250 million for the first phase with the expectation of a late 2014 opening of the 2 mixed-use buildings and a larger residential building following after that. Retail leasing is progressing very well as you'd expect at this location. And so far, residential market rents continue to remain strong. We have big expectations for this project and remain committed to earning un-levered, strongly-valued accretive yields from this largely residential-based environment. A lot of value is going to come from this development pipeline over the next decade, both from the initial phases, and then more so from the projects' natural maturation process and significant additional phases over time, maybe even sooner. And we may be able to announce some additional things to do as soon as later this year. That's it for my prepared remarks this morning. The first quarter of 2013 off to a very good start from both a fundamental real estate operating performance perspective and a balance sheet perspective. Let me now turn it over to Jim to talk about our financial results and outlook in more detail.
James M. Taylor: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. As Don outlined in his remarks, our strong performance in 2012 continued during the first quarter of this year. I'm going to walk through some of the key underlying drivers of this out performance, review some balance sheet items and liquidity, and finally, provide some details on our increased guidance for 2013. Overall, property operating income for the first quarter increased 6.2% to $110.6 million compared to the prior year. Consistent with prior periods, most of the increase is attributable to increases in same-center POI, which as Don mentioned, increased 4.4% including redevelopment and 3.2% excluding redevelopment. These increases in same-center POI were achieved despite lower termination fees year-over-year and net cam [ph] leakage from higher snow removal cost in '13 versus '12. The balance of the increase in overall POI was driven primarily by the acquisition of East Bay Bridge, which was acquired and successfully integrated into our portfolio last quarter. Our POI margin remained stable on a sequential basis at 70%. It was down slightly from the prior year quarter due to lower term fees and higher snow removal cost I just mentioned. Bad debt remained at historically low levels at only 10 basis points as our tenants have shown increased financial strength and we have recovered previously written-off amount. Our EBITDA margin improved on a sequential basis as we maintain strict control over G&A cost, keeping them essentially flat despite the continued growth in our operating portfolio and revenues. As I've mentioned on prior calls, I remain deeply impressed by this team's commitment and focus on costs. Interest expense, on an overall basis, decreased $1.4 million in the first quarter versus 2012. Most of this decrease was attributable to the lower rate, our weighted average rate declined from 5.9% to 5.5%. And an additional $400,000 in capitalized interest from additional spend at our redevelopment projects, offset by higher interest expense due to higher average debt balance. These factors, taken together, drove a record quarter in terms of FFO, with overall FFO of $74.1 million, an increase of $7.4 million or 11% over the prior year quarter, and FFO per share of $1.14, an increase of 9.6% over the prior year quarter of $1.04. Turning to the balance sheet, we continue to pay off mortgage debt during the quarter as it became prepayable retiring a $9 million mortgage associated with White Marsh Plaza. We also raised $32.2 million of equity under our ATM at a weighted average price of $108.11 per share, significantly exceeding the volume-weighted average price during the open window we had in the quarter. We maintain discipline from a pricing perspective and ended the quarter with nothing drawn on our line of credit, which provides continued maximum flexibility from a capital raising standpoint. On April 3, we closed on our acquisition of the Darien Shopping Center for $47.3 million in cash, which was funded with cash on hand and our line of credit. We expect this acquisition to deliver approximately $0.01 of FFO accretion in 2013. On April 19, we closed on the upside of our line of credit from $400 million to $600 million, extending the maturity to 2017 and reducing the all-in pricing reflecting in also our upgrades by 30 bps. Because of the extended term and reduced facility fee, the relatively modest cost of the extension upside will be neutral to FFO going forward. We are very pleased with the execution by our banks on the extension upside of the facility, which provides us with even greater capital flexibility as we fund our growth going forward. Finally, as Don mentioned, on April 19, S&P upgraded our senior unsecured rating from BBB+ to A-, Stable, reflecting the stability and cycle-tested out-performance of our in-fill portfolio, coupled with the strength of our balance sheet. With the upgrade, Federal is joined with only 3 other U.S. REITs in such a rating. We expect that the upgrade will reduce our borrowing cost by 20 bps or more, and importantly, it's supported by the capital plan that this company has pursued for the last several years to maintaining debt to EBITDA in the 5 range and fixed charge coverage in the mid-3 range. In other words, the upgraded recognition of the conservative capital structure we had pursued will not reduce our flexibility but will improve our assets to and cost of capital. Looking forward, we have revised our 2013 FFO per share guidance upward to $4.55 to $4.59 per share to reflect the accretion from the acquisition of Darien, as well as to reduce cost of borrowing under our new credit rating. The leasing momentum, POI growth and occupancy delivered during the first quarter were consistent with our expectations with the last call. Again, we expect overall same-store POI for the year in the 3 or 4% range for the balance of the year, which reflects in part the loss of approximately $1.5 million in POI from taking down the balance of Mid-Pike Plaza associated with our Pike & Rose redevelopment. Also, we expect overall occupancy to remain relatively flat during the year, and to assume that bad debt remains relatively low from a historical perspective. Finally, our current guidance assumes our planned development and redevelopment expenditures will be mass-funded with equity issuance under the ATM and index eligible unsecured notes offerings in the latter part of the year. I note, our guidance does not assume that we prepay any of our near-term maturities, which include the 5.40% senior notes maturing in December of this year. We continue to actively monitor the debt market and may execute an offering earlier than currently forecast, the proceeds of which might be used to prepay some of these near-term maturities. Again, our guidance does not factor this potential refinance activity nor does it include any potential acquisitions. I know that some of you have assumed additional acquisitions during the year, and while we feel very good about our pipeline of activity, and not feel very good about this ultra competitive pricing environment, it is difficult to predict what, if any, deals we'll actually make. We will not lower our standards for quality for the sake of achieving quantity. Thus, we will update guidance by completion of any future acquisitions when they occur. With that, operator, I would like to turn the call over to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeffrey Donnelly.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Actually, this is a general question for you, Jim, first on the sources of capital. What's your interest at this point given that people are talking about the difficulty in locating Class A assets and maybe exploring like a joint venture arrangement with institutional capital to monetize some portion of your assets, maintaining control, or even just raising equity that you might not have not identified use immediately?
James M. Taylor: Jeff, I'm not sure I followed your question. I mean, I think as it relates to thinking about joint ventures for acquisitions, that's never really been part of our business plan, if you will.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I mean, for existing assets.
James M. Taylor: No. I think our general bias is, is that tends to complicate the balance sheet. If we choose to dispose of an asset, we'll dispose of it outright. And we do evaluate that pretty actively. The nice thing about an acquisition like Darien is that it sets us up for a reverse 1031. Should we proceed with the sale of an asset, we can do it on a very tax efficient basis. It is a very competitive environment right now for asset pricing. And again, we just remain very disciplined in acquisitions like East Bay Bridge or Darien and focused on the growth potential of those assets going forward. So for the right real estate in this capital environment, we think we can create a long-term value accretion through acquisitions. We just have to be disciplined on quality.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you talk about when you're looking at acquisitions, how you're thinking about the exit cap rate relative to your entry? Given that it's so competitive and cap rates are low, I'm just a bit curious how you're thinking about that?
James M. Taylor: Yes. We talk a lot about that. And we don't get ourselves through compressing our reversionary cap rate. We look at cap rates based on asset quality with a view towards what the long-term cap rate for that asset might be. So while today, we're in an environment of historically low cap rates supported by historically low interest rates. As we think about centers like Darien or East Bay and we look out at our reversion cap rates, we think about it more in terms of long-term averages for those assets. And typically, given where cap rates are today, that can be an expansion in cap rate by over 100 bps over where our pricing is now.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just a question on your assets on. Pike & Rose, several apartment companies have just talked about supply concerns in future years moving out towards Rockville, and some of that will probably be Pike & Rose. So I guess, what concern do you guys have? Maybe you'll see some pressure on rents and multifamily in that market is could impact your initial yields? Is that sort of in your thinking,or?
Donald C. Wood: Sure, Jeff. And it's something we always worry about and you have to consider in a long-term development project. It's pretty clear that whatever environment you go into, in development [ph] will be different -- there will be a different environment, either better or worse when you're delivering. But that's where they have enough room now and there's number of things to think about. First of all, if I look -- and I was just talking to our board about this yesterday. If you look at all the projects that were going to be done in that White Flint card or in surrounds 2 years ago, it was much a bigger list than it is today in terms of people who are actually moving forward. And I think that's always the case. There's always -- the question is when do developers turn off that supply's spigot. So today, all of that supply you've been hearing about is largely on the comp. We're absolutely out of the ground, we'll be the first ones to gain. So that's a very, very powerful piece of the economic equation. To the extent there is a cycle where there is too much supply and that depresses rents for a period of time, that's just part of the cycle. That will be what it will be. Everything we're doing with respect to this is for the long term. So I guess, I'm trying to hedge, if you will, in 2 different ways there. One, we'll be the first one out. Two, I don't think there'll be as much supply as you think. And actually, three, even if there is, the long-term value and nature of where this project is within the district is, I believe, will be superior.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And last question. I know it's small potatoes, but I thought I had read somewhere that you guys were looking at a residential use. I think the Crest building in San Antonio, is that just part of the process of trying to exit your presence down there?
Donald C. Wood: I don't think that's necessarily true. Our investment in San Antonio is performing fine. It's not great. It is what it is. We're always looking at different things to be able to the any of these buildings value creations throughout the portfolio. I don't believe there's anything that's imminent certainly on the Crest building in San Antonio.
Operator: Christy McElroy.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Regarding the Darien acquisition, it sounds like you plan to include Stop & Shop in the future plan. Can you talk about what kind of sales they're doing in that spot? And is a grocery-anchored center ultimately the best to use there given the pretty steep competition with Palmer's right next door and the new Whole Foods like a mile away? How many years is left on their lease?
Donald C. Wood: Great, great questions, Christy. That's why I try to address it proactively in my comments. So Stop & Shop has 10 years -- 10.5 years, something like that, left on the lease in total. No further options. Nothing. At that point in time. At this point in time, it's not a great Stop & Shop. You don't go, you certainly -- it certainly wouldn't be a Stop & Shop necessarily that would be #1 in the market or #2 in the market. So the question as to whether they are a part of the future there is largely in their hands during the term of their lease because they have restrictions, as you would have imagine. So the question is, one of 2 -- do they want to cut a new deal which is more in line of, I believe where your thinking and I'm just implying that based on what your comments were, or do we hang-out and clip coupons and wait and then have the door open to all kinds of things 10 years from now. So my hope is that there'll be a deal that we work out with Stop & Shop sometime in the much more recent near future than that, depending on how it takes, and exploit that Equinox, which is at the other end of the property and is an extremely successful. And you go in that Equinox, that is our customer. That is the customer we will be trying to serve with any redevelopment there.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just doing the math on the term fees, Don, based on your comments, does that mean that the Q1 lease term fees were about $900,000? And can you quantify in basis points the impact on same-store NOI growth of the lower term fees. I just didn't know how many -- how much of it was attributed to the same-store pool.
James M. Taylor: We haven't...
Donald C. Wood: It's over. It's over 100 basis points. I don't know if you have the total numbers.
James M. Taylor: It's about 130 to 140 basis points of impact, Christy, and your math is pretty close to right on.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just lastly. Are you able to break out your re-leasing spreads in the quarter by small shops versus anchor space. And just generally looking at 2013, would you expect there to be a meaningful difference between the 2? I'm just trying to get a sense for what kind of pricing power you have in the 2 categories?
Donald C. Wood: We look at that at year end and we'll probably revisit it in terms of discussion at year-end. But I think what we're seeing on a quarterly basis is good performance, both in the small shop and the anchors. It's difficult in any 1 quarter to pull a trend because they can be swung by just a few individual leases. But overall, with the 12% rollover, we saw strength in both the small shop and the anchors.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Don, earlier, you said you haven't seen metrics like this since 2005. I think one main difference, however, is in 2005, we really have that active development. How much of the lack of development is making these metrics stronger? And if construction comes back, does it come back quickly or is it a bit gradual?
Donald C. Wood: Craig, first of all, I can only speak for us. And I think that developments that were underway now is depressing our results. Not having a lack of development increase, you know what I mean? I mean, we are spending marketing dollars. We are knocking down an existing shopping center and therefore, losing the rent from the existing tenants that are netting down our results. That will effectively accelerate throughout the balance of '13 and into 2014, yet we're still putting up metrics like this. Now the difference between '05 and today, I suspect, Craig, and this is just gut feel, that we were doing more redevelopment on more smaller projects in 2005. And today, it's more of the larger projects. But net-net, I see those metrics as being pretty darn comparable.
James M. Taylor: I think, Craig, from an overall perspective, I know a lot of people have been talking about the lack of new development in various markets allowing occupancies to improve and expectations of forward performance to continue. Again, I think where our assets are located, we're less impacted by development just because of the barriers to entry. So a little bit harder for us to generalize on that point.
Donald C. Wood: Well, I think what I just said for Federal is exactly right. When you take that and extrapolate that and look at the -- all of our competitors and everything else, there's no doubt that there is less construction and less development happening in the country in most markets. And so in some respect, you've got -- you may have that void set of metrics throughout the industry. But as I say, we're doing plenty of it and it's negatively impacting earnings but certainly long-term accretive.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And just out of curiosity, do you think the consumers are going to be stronger in the second half of the year, the same or weaker?
Donald C. Wood: I got to tell you, I've been thinking a lot about that with what I see. I mean, I don't necessarily think the consumer will be stronger. I think the consumer will be about where they are right now. But frankly, it's pretty darn good. I mean, in a lot of respect, better than you would have thought it would have been at this point. But when you think of things like the payroll tax reversion back to these payroll tax numbers, sequestration throughout the country, the continued sluggish stuff, that is, to me, being offset to some extent by the home industry. And a recovery, if you will, at homes, which has more to do with psyche [ph] than anything else, and certainly, construction jobs in some extent. So on balance, I think there's negatives. I think there's positives. And consumers should be about where they are.
Operator: Paul Morgan.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: On the rating upgrade, you've mentioned that -- you said it shouldn't reduce your flexibility. I mean I think in the past, with some REITs, it's been viewed a little bit as a mixed blessing because it has constrained strategy a bit, the desire to maintain the rating. And as you think about your ramp-up in development and the funding needs for that in the context of the A, could you just give a little more color on kind of why you think you won't be constrained?
Donald C. Wood: I think our plan has always been about balance. And when you think about the level of activity that we're doing relative to the size of our balance sheet, it remains modest. And then you look at stress case scenarios which we've gone through with rating agencies in terms of development not performing as expected, and the resulting impacts on our coverages and overall leverage being relatively modest, and you think about our long-term capital plan, we're really not changing any of it as we pursue the development going forward. So yes, if our plan included levering up to do this type of activity significantly, then, yes, Paul, I would agree with you. But our status-quo plan, if you will, does have us executing this, does have executing future phases as it is appropriate for them to be executed. When you take a big step back and you think about this company and the fact that there's probably $2.5 billion to $3 billion of capital that we can put to work in assets that we own today. We have a lot of work to do over a long period of time. And we're going to get to it in appropriate size and at appropriate yields over that period of time. But we have -- and of course, we're very transparent with the agencies as we discuss this.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So at least in the near term then, it doesn't change kind of at all any of the kind of timing of the way you would invest your capital or kind of the scale of an ATM program or anything like that?
Donald C. Wood: No. Again, because we've always struck balance.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then same question on Santana. I mean, you've had a lot of kind of other aspects of the project in the works, the office components and sort of the retail at the end of the street. Maybe see if you have any updates there. Also, with the state of the housing market in the Bay Area, I mean you've always kind of considered one of the 2 new apartment projects as a condo conversion. I mean, could that happen sooner rather than later given how fast houses appreciated?
Donald C. Wood: I'll get Jeff on the call. Let me start that, Paul, and Jeff, please feel free to add on to this. The one thing that is crystal clear is the value of that street to every other -- the value of the retail street to every other use there is -- has not peaked out yet. It is getting better and better in terms of the community. you can't believe the hotel results, if you saw the hotel results. In fact, we're talking to that same hotel operator about Pike & Rose, and -- which I think is a very positive thing, and obviously, they're very positive because of what happens at places like Santana if you do the street right. Well, that applies to the residential in a big way. I think you saw it with the what we call Building 60, which is Levare, the residential projects. Not the one that's under construction now, but the one that we did 1 year, 1.5 year ago. We went in. We felt we were going to do a 7.5 or 7.7 or something like that on the property, and we hit 9, and leased up in record time. This next one that we're building now in a city [ph], will it be as strong from an initial return perspective? No. And that's partly because of the slightly higher construction cost and the need to have some amenities in that bigger project that we didn't need to do to a smaller building, but still very, very healthy. The rental stream, in particular there, is one that we've spent a lot of time making sure that we have different levels of products for people to be able to move up and move through in the site. There's a lot of value there and I think that, that value will continue to grow. So taking the money off the table in a condo there, which as you know, we did very successfully in 2005. Well, those people made a lot of money because there was an awful lot of growth after that point. And so at this point, with this true stability of the property, we're very, very hopeful to be able to continue to build that out. The office building on the front, which the timing was tougher because we went into that '08, '09 period, still came out very value-added and it's completely leased up with a effectively waiting list. There is strong office demand for Santana Row itself. So when we look at the maturation in that property, frankly, Paul, there, we see the next decade as not only retail, but residential or maybe some more office that truly needs to exploit the streets that's getting stronger.
Jeff Kreshek: Don, I would only add on the street, Paul, and you noticed because you live out there, we opened up a batch of new retailers last year. Kate Spade, Icebreaker, Drybar, VeggieGrill, all of which opened very strong and are doing very well. We opened a Madewell last week that just had a banner opening day on the first week. We took the mall wall down this morning on Splendid. We expanded Tesla early last month. And we got another round of new tenants coming in as we work through our 10-year-olds. So the momentum here on the street, as Don said, is just exceptional and definitely headed to the right direction. So -- and that applies to the residential as well. So we're not -- we're always thinking about the condo exit, but that's not in front of mind right now. And particularly because we -- while the housing market is strong here, as you know, we're not seeing the big gap between condo values and rental values that we saw back in '05, '06 when we executed the conversion and sold out for $150 million. On the office side, everybody that opens an office here and spends any time working here, they love it. Their employees love it. In the Bay Area, in particular, environment for the high-paid engineer that works in these offices is very, very important for recruiting and in employee retention. Those things are front of mind for the executives that run companies out here. And if you're not Yahoo!, eBay, Google and have the size and scope to have your own campus, we basically have a built-in campus for you here at Santana. So that's why we're proceeding with the planning on the office space here, and that's why, ultimately, we think we'll be successful. More to come on that over the next quarters and years as we move forward with that plan, but very positive. And like Don said, I think the next 10 years in Santana are going to be very, very exciting.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Sakwa.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Don, I wanted to go back to the comment that you made about the business conditions being as good as you've seen maybe in 5 or 6 years. And if I go back and look at some of your operating stats from kind of '04, '05, '06, '07, it'll be a little nostalgic, but you are consistently above 95% occupancy, a lot times breaching 96%, 97%. Your rent spreads are off in the high-teens and a lot of times in the 20s. And I'm just curious when you kind of contrast to the pricing power you've got today at '12, while all that's best-in-class in the shopping center space, how do you kind of look at the operating metrics again and compare that to, say, 5 years ago? Can we see those rents spreads and pricing power kind of get back to those '05, '06, '07 periods?
Donald C. Wood: That's a great question, Steve, and it's one that, honestly, I kind of go through and try to understand where the real pops are and value throughout the portfolio. And when that whole conversation that Jeff just had about re-merchandising Santana Row with all those tenants he listed up, that was all about trying to get -- I mean, we have a specific target at Santana of getting tenant sales up until into the $700 a foot ranges to be able to price that. That's the key. And so there is a lot of focus on trying to be able to do that. Having said that, there is no doubt, that tenants today fight harder, and frankly, are smarter about their ability to leverage their deals for rents. And it is hard for me to see that on a consistent basis, that we would be up and show rent spreads up in that 18% and 20% range, portfolio-wide all the way through. Understanding that, though we're a larger company in terms of space, we are tight on expenses. We try to squeeze as much out of the margin as we can. And so as a result, to me, when you look at the our -- look at this -- look at the retail real estate business, this conversation about like same-store rents being up in the 4%s, in the 5%s, in the 6%s, as you know and I know, that long term, this business does not yield 4%, 5%, 6% same-store growth. A lot of that comes from higher occupancy. So this is still a 3% business for best-in-class and more like a 2% business for average stuff. And I thoroughly believe that. The long-winded way of saying, I think as we run the business over the next few years, particularly given the stuff that we're adding to it, I think we still have some pretty darn good pricing power. We have a very good profitability power, but I don't think you'll see it necessarily in those rent rollovers that are still kind of the levels from '05 -- '04, '05, '06, when it was easier to negotiate with tenants to get that kind of stuff done.
Operator: Our next question from Alexander Goldfarb.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Just a few questions here. First, the IKEA in Boston, they've decided to not go forward with that site and hence, all the discussion right now. But in doing the market tours, it just -- it's impressive how big of a draw the IKEA stores are around the country. I mean, drawing people from different states hundreds of miles away to shop. Is there any sense, in your view, that you could get IKEA to come back there just to increase the traffic flow and make it an even bigger destination?
Donald C. Wood: No, sense whatsoever, Alex, nor we even try -- would we even try. I think the idea of IKEA at that site, which IKEA own that or the adjacent site that we traded for more than a decade, I believe, now at this point in time. And there's one thing about trying to get a -- validate, if you will, a destination and IKEA was very important to do that back at that point in time. I don't believe that, that is necessarily the highest and best use of that property today. I think there are better uses. Whether we can get them done or not, we'll see over the next few months. But I think we can do better, I guess, is what I'm saying.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then the next question is just going to the development returns. You guys obviously -- you display the returns in something like Assembly Row where the returns are low. But presumably, when you go to the board and request the funds to build this, they're not looking at the $5 million to $7 million. They're looking at more of a long-term IRR. So can you just give some color on the difference between the returns that we see here versus what the expectation is for an IRR given the long time that Federal tends to own these assets?
Donald C. Wood: I'm not going to give you an IRR on it, but I am going to address your question without the number, okay? You're absolutely right in terms of our discussion with the board, in terms of your basic underlying assumption of would you put $200 million to work at a 5% or 6% yield. If that were in a development project and the best -- were all you were doing, the answer will be no. So there's obviously more, which is your point. The question is, how many of them make? If there is a large office tenant here that finds its home here, and there's no proof that there would be because we haven't been able to do that in the past couple of years, but if is, it would dramatically change the IRR of this project. If there is a hotel in the second phase of the existing street that we're very confident that we're going to do a good job with here, it would increase, obviously, the return in the IRR of the project. How many of those people get off the T-Stop, [ph] which is really going to happen, it's under construction now, would really change the project. Other opportunities that have come up and we're talking about with respect to adjacencies in the land for other uses and some big traffic-generating uses, how much of that happens? So the way I'm -- what I'm trying to say to you is within Federal Realty, $9 billion Federal Realty, we've got a very -- lower risk developments like a $75 million building -- residential building on the back of Santana. That's already proven. Or some of those other projects. Even Mid-Pike [ph] or Pike & Rose, on that street, on that piece of land that's always worked out, it's -- those are lower-risk projects. Can we afford to do an assembly, which is higher beta. No question about it. Higher beta. But could work out a whole lot better to the extent those things happen. And the answer to that is yes. So there is just -- there's too much data on an assembly in and of itself for me to directly answer the question that you want. But when you put it in the context of Federal, I think, it's a really smart risk to take.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And just the final question, Don, is you're always a big advocate of don't bet against DC retail. The Post on their call specifically mentioned weakness at Assembly Row. Are you seeing any weakness in the retail there? Or retail in DC is bullet-roof regardless of whats happening in -- with defense budgets, et cetera?
Donald C. Wood: I assume you mean Pentagon Row.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Yes. What did I say?
Donald C. Wood: Assembly.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Sorry, sorry. Pentagon Row. Sorry. Pentagon Row.
Donald C. Wood: Yes. When I look in total, and I don't have the Pentagon numbers. I'm depending on Row retail numbers here in front of me. But when I look at where we are in the DC region in total on our retail, no, I am not seeing negativity. I'm looking at, in fact, when you break down kind of the same-store growth, if you will, of the 3 regions -- and I don't want to give you the numbers for the 3 regions, but then you'll always ask for the numbers for the 3 regions. But I will tell you that the Northeast is #1 right now, Mid-Atlantic right behind it, and that's largely Washington, DC at some very, very healthy numbers, and West Coast just behind that. So no, I am not seeing that weakness overall in Washington, DC. I don't know specifically about Pentagon, but I doubt it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cedric Lachance.
Cedric Lachance: Don, when you look at cap rate compression and value increases in the market over the last few years, we can debate the relative changes and how far it's come along. But it appears to me that key assets and second-tier assets are certainly, from a historical perspective, at a decent valuation point. Would that motivate you to start a more aggressive disposition program and a more aggressive exit of some of the markets you don't want to be in?
Donald C. Wood: The whole notion, Cedric, of recycling assets is something that -- I mean [ph] always looking at. But it comes with an overall umbrella, in terms of the business plan of this company, for long term, consistent, stable cash flow growth. And so everything that we look at is through that lens. And I can tell you while there are individual assets that we would sell, we need to -- all of those individual assets, even the ones that we would sell, we carry big tax gains associated with them. And so they need to be sold efficiently, tax efficiently. And I think somebody, maybe it was Jimmy, that mentioned potential 1031 off the Darien purchase that we're going to make. You should expect that. There are a couple of assets that we're looking at now that will be marketed that way, but nothing more wholesale than that because we truly try to run this as a long-term proposition. And I think a lot of that has to do with the consistency and the stability and everything that people can assume and count on. So it's really important. That's in the balance.
Cedric Lachance: Okay. And so you're perception on those assets, as said, [ph] they are reasonably well positioned so that you can continue to harvest the cash flow. There's no evidence of declining cash flow over time or assets that could be declining that would push you to try to dispose of those earlier than we would anticipate?
Donald C. Wood: That's exactly right, other than a couple of them. And we will try to dispose those for other reasons at whatever cap rates they go at, frankly. But by and large, in this portfolio -- this portfolio surprises me quarter in, quarter out with great results from -- even what you would you consider the B assets. Because its where the B assets are. And its a definition of what's a B assets versus the world of "B assets", I think the better.
Cedric Lachance: What's the right gap in cap rates between an A and a B?
Donald C. Wood: What's the right gap, or what's happening today? Because they're very different.
Cedric Lachance: No. What's the right gap? And what would make you change your mind on acquiring As versus Bs if you see that this gap is not in the appropriate level?
Donald C. Wood: Let me answer that for you. Jim is dying to answer this one, but I'm going to jump on this one first. There would not be a gap that would change -- that would cause me to change the business plan of the company. And you can see that as obstinate or whatever you think. I am a firm believer. Firm. That through cycles, there's just no doubt in my mind that A properties will significantly exceed the results of B and C properties. That doesn't mean any particular time. That means absolutely. When you look in through a cycle, we've just lived through the difference between A properties, B properties, and C properties. And I wish there were more -- it was more review, if you will, of what has just happened between 2007 and 2011 to the cash flow streams. And on top of that, when you look at a bunch of those leases that will be up for re-lease, 10-year deals that were done in '05, '06, '07, when they come up, I think a lot of the stuff you're going to see, even with strength, is going to show reductions in the cash flow. And so I'm not going there. We're not going to reduce the quality of the portfolio. In terms of the spreads, go ahead, Jim, you could -- anything you want to say?
James M. Taylor: Not much to add there, Cedric. What I've been surprised by, as we've looked at assets, is that there's very little differentiation in cap rates between what I call nice but flat assets and assets that provide opportunities for upside. So the compression in cap rates, particularly in the markets that we're focused on, has been pretty extreme.
Cedric Lachance: Sorry, [ph] I guess that leads me back to my first question. Would that sell more B assets?
Donald C. Wood: I don't know. I guess the difference should be 300 basis points or more.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quentin Velleley.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just going back to Jeff's initial questions on Pike & Rose residential. Are you looking at maybe de-risking that residential exposure and bringing in a partner on the initial 493 units?
Donald C. Wood: Cedric, it's a bigger question than that. I mean, when you look out at the entire development pipeline that Jim alluded to before, we are trying to figure out whether given the phasing here, we want to de-risk a portion of that entire pipeline. Obviously, Pike & Rose being a part of that, with the right kind of strategic partner. Now that sounds like it's a -- it should be a simple decision. It's really not. And the reason it's not is because each of these projects that we've got, we've got to this stage where we have taken a lot of risk out and we've had a lot of value in these things. And so the idea of somebody else coming in today after all the entitlement process, after the land accumulation, after the design and after the construction, and not paying what it would be on a stabilized basis here, is very hard for us to give up . It's not like there are a lot of other projects out there that you can go and reinvest those proceeds into and do better. So, yes, we're looking at it but it's a tough hurdle to reach.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Makes sense. And then just a clarification. The cap rate on Darien in Connecticut, I think, you said was around about a 5. I just wanted to confirm whether that was a GAAP cap rate or a cash cap rate?
James M. Taylor: Cash.
Operator: Michael Mueller.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple quick ones for Jim. Jim, going to the notes offering that you're talking about for the second half of the year, what would be, I guess, the deciding factor to get you to move it up earlier? And then if you do an earlier deal, should we assume it's going to be a bigger deal than what you have been contemplating in guidance?
James M. Taylor: No, I don't think there'll be a bigger deal. And obviously, what we're really watching, Mike, and I appreciate the question, is just the strength in the new issue market right now, where treasuries are. It's pretty compelling. Obviously, the use of proceeds would involve some prepayment penalties potentially, so that's what you got to balance the decision against. But the nice thing is that I think we have the opportunity to access that market very efficiently and effectively and we're looking hard at it.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess for the Darien acquisition, were there any significant acquisition cost either last quarter or in the second quarter?
James M. Taylor: Our total cost there were $150,000, something like that. Pretty small.
Operator: And our last question comes from Vincent Chao.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just maybe a final question just on the overall Connecticut sort of market. The last year or so, there's been an increasing amount of activity from yourselves, peers, et cetera. I know it's kind of a strange market. I mean you've been tracking that deal for what sounds like about 10 years, which seems to be the case for a lot of stuff that goes on out there. Just wondering though, given the increased activity, are you seeing more opportunities there? Are sellers coming out of the woodworks now that there's been a couple of deals that have happened? And is there any opportunity to grow in that market in a more significant way than just sort of on a one-off basis?
Donald C. Wood: Well, we think on a onesie or twosie ph] basis, it's frankly the best way to do it. That's how you ensure you get the quality. We are seeing some more activities in it, but it's -- a lot of it is off market. So I'm cautious about it because, one, as I've often said, just because it's off-market, it doesn't mean you're not paying a preemptive price. And two, there can be a lower probability that the transaction will happen. We are hearing from our broker friend about a bulge of new activity in their pipelines. We just haven't seen it yet. But clearly, with the addition of Harold's [ph] up in that market, all around the Northeast, frankly, it's really helped us increase the level of tire kicking, if you will. And we're hopeful that, that would result in a couple more acquisitions.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Kristina Lennox : Thank you, everyone. We'll see you at ICSC and look forward to talking to you on the next conference call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-13 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kristina Lennox - Investor Relations Coordinator Don Wood - President & CEO Jim Taylor - EVP & CFO Jeff Berkes - President, West Coast Chris Weilminster - SVP, Leasing Melissa Solis - VP & Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Andrew Schaeffer - Sandler ONeill RJ Milligan - Raymond James & Associates Quentin Velleley - Citi Christy McElroy - UBS Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley 
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2012 Federal Realty Investment Trust Earnings Conference Call. My name is John and Ill be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, well conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Kristina Lennox. Ms. Lennox, you may begin.
Kristina Lennox:
 : In addition to our fourth quarter and year end 2012 supplemental disclosure package, we also filed our 10-K yesterday. Both documents provide you with a significant amount of valuable information with respect to the Trusts 2012 operating and financial performance and both are currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realtys future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. Risks inherent in these assumptions include, but are not limited to, future economic conditions including interest rates, real estate conditions and the risks and costs of construction. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provides a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial conditions and results of operation. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our fourth quarter and year end 2012 results. Don?
Don Wood: Thanks, Kristina and good morning, everyone. I couldnt be more pleased with the way we closed our 2012. Topline revenue growth in the fourth quarter of 10.5%, fourth quarter FFO per share growth of 14%, same-store operating income growth of 5.4%, year-end occupancy of 94.9% versus 94.2% just three months before; 479,000 feet new and renewal leases at 12% higher rents and a great new big California shopping center acquisition with under market rents that closed right before year end. This quarter really puts an acclamation point on one of the company's best years ever and I think that were set for another strong one in 2013. Let me spend a few minutes recapping 2012 and then springboard into expectations for 2013. 2012 was the year of the leasing agent. A year ago, if you look at our lease expiration schedule in the 8-K for the year 2012, you will see a chart that suggest that 800,000 feet of space would need to be released in 2012 if every tenant exercise our option and 1.3 million square feet of space would need to be released, if no tenants exercise their options. A reasonable assumption would be that we would actually release somewhere in between those two amounts. But unpredictable things happen in the portfolio of highly desirable space. On a comparable space basis, we got the turnover of 1.8 million square feet of space and we did it at 30% more rent than the former lease. Increased occupancy accounts for about half of that difference, with asset portfolio management would be other half. Things like the relocation and upsizing of H&M at Santana long before the lease was up is a good example. So with the relocation of tenants out of Mid-Pike Plaza before their leases were up and the other Rose & Pike shopping centers than we own, like Cost Plus to Federal Plaza to make room for new development at Pike & Rose. All-in-all, that 1.8 million square feet of leasing created an additional $6.4 million income stream, some of which benefited 2012, more of which will benefit 2013. And our one last leasing though, we just completed a deal with a leading specialty grocer last week at Ellisburg Shopping Center in Cherry Hill that we expect to be transformational shopping center. This was the center that was the source of last years $6 million lease termination fee from Safeway and as part of their stay on close down joints. Between that termination fees of $6 million bucks, the new grocers rent and it's effect on the overall rents and cap rate of the balance of the shopping center, we believe we just added up with $20 million of value at Ellisburg. As I said, a great flow upon last 12 months of leasing.  Expenses remained heavily managed and under control too. The EBITDA increased 13% to $102 million in the fourth quarter and increased 12% to nearly $400 million for the year. On a same-store basis, fourth quarter property operating income rose 5.4% and for the full-year it rose 6.1%. Now that 6.1% includes that big Safeway lease termination fees, but even without it, same-store POI grew 4.5% in 2012. These are numbers that we haven't seen since the 2005 to 2007 period of time and like that period of time, they benefit from the increases in occupancy that we recorded in addition to the rent bumps. With the record leasing unit I referenced occupancy couldnt help but go and it sure went up 250 basis points in 2012 to 94.9% and on a lease basis up 190 basis points to 95.3%. Now we dont expect to see significant occupancy gains like that in 2013 while we do expect a strong leasing year in its own right and as I said before to get additional benefits from last years leasing. Basically, this portfolio is healthy or healthier than ever and now generates over $400 million of incredibly stable and growing cash flows that have been severely time tested. When you combine that with an extremely conservative balance sheet and a very favorable cost to both debt and equity capital, we feel really good about using a measured approach of that capacity for smart development, smart redevelopment and income producing acquisitions. And in that way lets move on to capital allocation and a discussion of acquisitions and development. Let me start with our year-end acquisition of East Bay Bridge Center in Emeryville, California. We bought the 438,000 foot grocery anchor power center for a $117 million. Its anchored by Target, Home Depot, Pak-N-Save by Safeway, Sports Authority and others. The property sits near the Bay Bridge adjacent to the intersection of three major highways all with very heavy traffic volume in a densely populated and supply constraint trade area where there is more demand than supply particularly for buy space. Take a look at an aerial on Google Earth and you will see what I am talking about. In addition to the real estate, we liked to deal because all of the box leases were negotiated in the early 90s and are coming up on their 20 year anniversaries. Virtually all the in place rents are anywhere from half to two-thirds of market; while we certainly wont be able to unlock all of these below market rents immediately, some of the tenants have fair market rent options and we should be able to recapture a couple of the spaces in the next two years or so. In addition, while larger tenants has strong annual increases, so when you combine that with the old rental NOI growth is quite strong and the risk of not achieving that NOI growth is very low. And finally this is the 32 acre site on a great piece of land that should have whole lot more density on and it does; good things can help will that happen here overtime. On the development and redevelopment side, we are making great progress on all fronts and we are above and beyond on construction on the latest residential building in Santana, on the first phase of Pike & Rose and hand in hand with AvalonBay at Assembly; check out federalrealty.com for construction statistics in all three sites in San Jose, California, Rockville, Maryland and Somerville, Massachusetts. Our latest residential building at Santana called Misora is further along with the first moving expected by year-end 2013. We remain unscheduled and unbudgeted at about $75 million and residential demand has remained very strong throughout this construction process. We will expect cash and cash yield to be above 10% when stabilized, although with a little luck we even may break through to (inaudible). At Assembly Row, I just got back from a couple of days of back to back meetings with our key partners of the Somerville site, including AvalonBay management representing the transit authority, our general contractor and mayor and feel very, very good about our time table and the product that we are going to deliver there. Retail merchandizing has taken shape with fully proved and signed LOIs with Saks Off, with American Eagle, with Puma, with a lot of other great local and national merchants in addition to the Brooks Brothers, Chicos, theater and restaurants deals that I started to report on last call. At this point, you know I have executed leases and signed LOIs for more than half of the phase one retail income stream and strong momentum for the balance as we move into the spring leasing season. I am also encouraged that the key stuff mailed earlier than anticipated perhaps as early as July of 2014 that is very good news. With this progress, you will notice in our 8-K disclosure that we've added a building with about 90,000 feet of office over retail to our first phase rather than doing a third residential building with AvalonBay for an incremental $40 million at a return as accretive to the project.  We've done that, number one, to take advantage of growing office and retail demand since the project has gotten under construction. Two, for better scheduling and control of that scheduling and three, to capture more of the upside that we believe we are creating in Phase 1.  Delivery of this building is affectionately called Building 2 will now coincide with the other three Phase 1 retail deliveries in the summer of 2014 which is many months earlier than the previous residential plan and thus will deliver a better Phase 1 experience.  Finally, the Riverfront Park as the front door for Phase 1 will open this summer with whole schedule events to build upon growing local enthusiasm for the project. We couldnt be more pleased with the progress. My only other comment at assembly relates to the IT apartment where we continue to make progress toward a financially viable product on that site but we are not there yet.  Remember, we tied up this land through an asset through May of 2013 and we have spent every last bit of time to ensure that we can create value. Got a way to go in that respect and you shouldn't count on that land acquisition as a done deal, more to come in future calls.  And finally in Rockville, Maryland, Mid-Pike property is rapidly becoming Pike & Rose. Construction is in the air until the first three phases built and two of the three first phase buildings without changes to budget or timing. $250 million for the first phase with the expectation of 2014 openings for the two mixed used buildings and then the larger residential building following after that. Retail leasing is progressing very well due to the expected dislocation and so far residential market rents continue to grow with big expectations for Pike & Rose.  And finally, maybe just quick, just a quick comment on last years acquisitions, Montrose Crossing and Plaza El Segundo both of which have outperformed our year-one underwriting and looked that it have been even better at this secure portfolio than we first thought. In that vein, its looking increasingly good and we are going to be able to add strong retail base to redevelopment through the hard corner of Rosecrans and Sepulveda at Plaza El Segundo which we call the Point. While we have a few of the typical development hurdles to get over, everything is headed in a positive direction and most importantly tenant demand is particularly strong.  That's it for my prepared comments this morning. 2012 was an amazing year from a fundamental real estate operating performance perspective and we look forward to doing it again in 2013.  Let me now turn it over to Jim to talk about our financial results and the outlook in more detail.
Jim Taylor:  Thanks Don and good morning everyone. And as Don mentioned in his remarks, 2012 was a record setting performance for the Trust in terms of revenue, average rents per foot on signed leases, property operating income, total funds from operations and FFO per share.  I'm going to walk through some of the key underlying drivers of this outperformance, cover significant balance sheet items and liquidity and finally provide some details on our increased guidance for 2013.  For 2012 for the full year, we recorded total rental revenue of $583 million, a record for the Trust and an increase of $44 million or 8% over 2011. As always, our primary driver of rental growth came from the same center pool which continued to benefit from strong roll over growth and increases in occupancy.  We also realized the full year of benefit from redevelopment investments in our portfolio including Lavare, our 108 unit apartment building in Santana which delivered and exceeded our projected yield by 200 basis points. 300 Santana Row, our 80,000 square foot office building which met our pro forma yield and the addition of two pad sites to balance headwind which also met our pro forma development underwriting. The benefit of these investments to our properties was offset from a timing perspective by the loss of rent from Mid-Pike as we took down part of that shopping center to commence the first phase of Pike & Rose. Finally, we also realized increases in other rental income from our same center properties primarily in parking revenue. In addition to the same center growth, the second primary driver of the growth in rental income came from a full year of operations for our acquisition of Montrose Crossing and Plaza El Segundo.  As Don mentioned, both outperformed our initial underwriting and demonstrated the great execution of our leasing and operating teams in integrating these assets and leasing them. Other property income increased $11 million, primarily reflecting a termination fees from Genuardi's at Ellisburg, Esprit at 3rd Street and Priscilla's of Boston in Santana Row. While the 2012 terms the activity represents significant increase over our long-term average, it's the recurring part of our business and reflects the strength in the underlying leases that we have with our tenants. Taken together, these factors drove property income of $428 million, another record for the Trust and an increase of $46 million or 12% over 2011.  On same center basis, our property income increased 6.1% with redevelopment and 5.6% excluding redevelopment. Again, as Don mentioned in his remarks, this growth not only reflects the strengths of our core portfolio but also our disciplined leasing, operating and investment strategy.  Below the POI line, net interest expense increased $15 million in 2012 to $113 million, driven primarily by higher average outstanding balances reflecting the mortgages that we assume at Montrose Crossing and Plaza El Segundo partially offset by lower rate and slightly higher capitalized interest to $10 million for the year.  G&A expense increased $2 million reflecting charges associated with the CFO transition offset by lower transaction costs incurred on acquisitions during the year. Despite this increase in G&A, we remain disciplined with the expenses during the year increasing our EBITDA by 130 bps to 65.6%.  For the year, we recorded total FFO of 277 million again a record for the Trust and aggregate increase to 10% over 2011. On a per share basis, we recorded $4.31 of FFO per share another record for the Trust and 7.8% increase over the $4 we generated in 2011. For the fourth quarter, we recorded $71 million of FFO or $1.11 per share an increase of 14% over the prior quarter. You will note that that puts us at the high end of the guidance we provided in November, as the transaction cost associated with East Bay Bridge that we previously disclosed were partially offset by occupancy gains in earlier rent commencements.  As for the whole year in this quarter, overall performance was driven by the strength of our same center portfolio which produced 5.4% including redevelopments as well as having a full quarter of Montrose Crossing and Plaza El Segundo. Rollover remained strong as Don mentioned and the average rents per foot on newly side leases of $32 another record for the Trust. Slightly higher interest expense from the quarter was due to loans again our Montrose and Plaza El Segundo offset by lower acquisition costs.  Now turning to the balance sheet, we continue to pay off mortgage debt during the quarter as it became prepayable. Retiring $35 million in mortgage is associated with Bethesda and Mount Vernon. In connection with our acquisition of East Bay Bridge, we assume the $63 million mortgage that bears interest in (inaudible) and matures in March of 2016. Starting at quarter, we rate $17 million under our ATM at an average share price of $104.46, maintaining discipline as our share prices became less opportune. Even with this lower issuance activity and the assumption of secured gap with East Bay Bridge, our balance sheet remains very strong. Our fixed charge coverage range in the mid 3s and our debt-to-EBITDA below 5 range and our overall debt-to-market cap in the 25% range. From a liquidity standpoint, we entered the quarter with $37 million in cash and nothing drawn on our $400 million revolver. This was impacted as the balance sheet position provides us with maximum flexibility from the funding standpoint in 2013. Looking forward to 2013, strong leasing activity that we executed this past year provides great visibility and continued strong same-store performance. We expect same-store growth to be in the 3% to 4% area before redevelopment and closer to 3% with redevelopment due to the drag associated with the loss of rent at Mid-Pike as we shut down the later or the second part of that shopping center. Much of the increased in that same-store growth will be driven by the rollover growth in occupancy gains we realized in 2012. We expect rollover to remain strong and average occupancy during the year to remain relatively flat. Additionally, we have always spent the modest level of termination fee given the negative level of activity we had in 2012. On the expense side, we expect margin to remain relatively steady and a forecast of slight decline in G&A expense as we look forward. We expect East Bay Bridge contribute approximately $0.03 of FFO in 2013 but have assumed no further acquisitions. Again, we expect to capitalize on attractive acquisition opportunities during the year and will update guidance as any transactions are announced. From a capital perspective, we expect to refinance a 165 maturing debts during the year through offering and expect to fund the development spend of $250 million to $300 million through a mix of the line, debt issuances and the ATM, all with a focus on keeping our leverage metrics stable and taking advantage of favorable long term rates.  Taken together, these assumptions provide the basis for our increased FFO guidance per share of $4.53 to $4.58, which represents an increase of 5.5% at the midpoint over 2012 or 7.3% excluding the impact of Safeway lease term fees. We are very pleased of our portfolio leasing performance can provide visibility on that level for us in 2013, all the while keeping occupancy relatively stable and again reflecting the drag of taking Mid-Pike off line. We are very excited about the coming year. We are looking forward to seeing many of you in Wells Fargo Conferences in the coming weeks and with that operator we would like to turn the call over for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Jeff Spector from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America: My question kind of focuses on the East Bay Bridge acquisition. I noted a lot of the leases you have mentioned are nearly 20 years old, so an opportunity to push rents but is there also an opportunity to (inaudible) tenancy.
Don Wood: There is (inaudible). This is actually one of the first acquisitions that we've seen in a bunch of years where literally every tenant is under market, and then a number of them are doing extremely strong sales, a number of them are not and that's rarely where the opportunity lies. Jeff is on the call from California thats his deal. So let me hand to Jeff back.
Jeff Berkes: Yeah we've got a couple of tenants in the line up and its pretty obvious if you look at the line up and see who the tenants are, who that might be that we either have an ability to really move their rent when their base terms comes up because their fair market value options or potentially recapture and improve the line up. So we will definitely be looking at doing that. The great thing about this asset and the reason we got so excited about buying it and I should probably mention too its something we've been working on as you might expect for a number of years.  We've been talking to tell us first one there owned by prologues and then again obviously after they are acquired by TTG about buying those asset and been on the radar screen for a while. I'm very happy that we are able to make deals because its unique in that not only are the in place leases well below market, but there's a significant shortage of box base in this trade area and when we are looking at Boyd analysis for the trade area there is a long list of tenants that arent represented and would want to be represented in this trade area. So we are pretty confident that we are going to be able to take advantage of that and there are definitely a couple of retenanting opportunities in the box lined up.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America: It sounds like there will be some expansion. What can you take FAR 2 at this site?
Jeff Berkes: You know, thats a big number. You know, the city, the bulk of the properties sits in the city of Emeryville. Emeryville is a very progressive, business oriented community. They are very much in favor of increasing density on the site. Obviously, we have in place tenants with leases that dont necessarily allow that and thats something that we will have to work through, and I won't say the sky is the limit but it's close. We just need to work with the existing tenant base and then manage that as we're able to replace tenants and that kind of thing, but clearly thats in our (inaudible). what we did at Mid-Pike which is now becoming Pike & Rose. We've done that throughout our recent history and throughout our portfolio. So well definitely have an eye towards that as we work the asset.
Don Wood: For anything good to happen at projects like that, you need a city or county or whatever jurisdictions its in to be helpful, and both Jeff and I, I think we kind of look, when this was done within a couple of weeks we had a letter from Emeryville welcoming us as the new owners and things that we should sit down and talk about the future, the property, which we just view as such a positive thing and I wish more city, frankly, would take that kind of approach. So this one started out real well.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America: Yeah, it seems like an exciting project. I literally had to check the density numbers twice just to make sure I was coming out with the right numbers there.
Don Wood: I guess your comments in the right place there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: Don, just more general question. I mean, with your portfolio occupancy at 95% and I think thats pretty much in line often times that your sub market vacancy I think its certainly relatively lower than your peers. Whats been the recent trend in asking rents for small shop space, and how you think we should be thinking about market rent growth prospects in the next two or three years. 
Don Wood:  Thats a great question, I will tell you Jeff we went back and looked at kind of small shops over the last 10 years to get an idea of where occupancy really goes and what kind of pricing leverage we have, and often in periods of time in economic distress in our portfolio the small shops get down to 89% and 90% occupied. Having dealt with the case here again in terms of the last couple of years, that is changing. So with that changing obviously comes some pricing pressure, and it is hard for me to not feel an under current probably supported by the housing foundation in the country that is getting better.  To the extent that housing foundation continues to grow and it does, it is more likely to happen if it continue to happen in the market I think in which we operate, I can expect more to be able to have more leverage that way. Now in any particular quarter or any three months or six months period thats not necessarily the case, but I do think we have some more pricing leverage than weve had in the past and I would expect that continue into 2013. 
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: And then just if I could a question on the (inaudible) office, your opening remarks were helpful. But its going to be a two part question. Weve had decision that shifts influence at all may be in a change in appetite from Avalon now that they are get their hands full with Ardstone and I guess obviously this is a follow up if I could. I was just curious like sort of flavor of office you are building if you will because you have the biotech buildings obviously just and these Cambridge and are you looking for a single user or is this multi tenant, how you think about?
Don Wood: Very fair question, and let me address the first point. No, it is not. Its got nothing to do with Avalon actually at all. When we first did this deal, we did the two building with Avalon 1 and 3 and then we were in active negotiations with Avalon 4 for building 2. Building 2 has from a residential perspective there, the question is the best way to (inaudible) and stuff adds cost, as we look at that and had that conversation, that conversation was being dragged out. The negotiation was being dragged out, it was taking time.  At the same time that was happening Jeff, those office users, we just got in a lot not in terms of the big campus type office users, but the full floor 70,000 square foot users of, and its broader based its not just biotech, its broader based because Cambridge is filling, filling up very quickly. The Bay is filling up very quickly in terms of where its going, we see demand that hasnt been there in the past few years. So to be able to control the timing of opening the first phase of the project and not have a construction site affectively impacting that first phase and also to take advantage of that increasing demand on that 30,000 foot users; I mean three full floor users would be great, one for the whole 90 would be great. And we have inquiries in both of that, both in those categories. So it seemed very obvious particularly with when we put the numbers together, the numbers certainly look acceptable and accretive to where we were. So that's why the decision happened the way it did. I mean anyway you look at over the full build out of Assembly over 10 years or 12 years or whatever its going to be, an office component is certainly part of the plan in any of our mixed use project, its really important to have that date on population base there and so the ability to do that in the first phase in a very measured and small incremental way may all sense well to us.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: And just the last question I guess, on Assembly maybe two parts, one Ive seen some talk that you guys were looking at signing a way to get the zoning changed there, that you could accommodate a big box grocer, does that imply to Wal-Mart or a Target or even the Wegmans has been sort of looking around this market and
Jim Taylor: Are you talking about the IKEA site?
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: Yes.
Don Wood: No, it doesn't imply that at all. Its simply a matter of flexibility and us trying to look at all options to be able to, you know, look I don't want to land bank 12 acres next to it, so what we have for the next 10 years, I want to get, same good idea of what the opportunities are for value creation and so we want them to do that, we want maximum flexibility, that's what's this is all about.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: And is there any update on the Kraft familys interest in the adjoining soccer stadium, they seemed to have some talk about that in the press?
Don Wood: Yeah, we've seen a lot of talk about it in the press as far as you know, as far as we know there is continued demand and maybe even stronger demand than we thought, but who knows, in terms of the execution or something of that size.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Schaeffer from Sandler ONeill.
Andrew Schaeffer - Sandler ONeill: Two questions, first given that you partnered with AvalonBay on the apartment front in Assembly Row and what was your thought process on bringing on an office partner and why not Boston Properties if so?
Don Wood: Yeah, that's a very good question Andrew and you know we control nearly 50 acres there and so the idea of future phases with a larger office component will undoubtedly well have an office partner, how the structure of that deal will work whether with Boston Properties or somebody else I don't know, but this is much more scale, you know its a $40 million incremental investment and only 90,000 square feet of space. So we should control that first phase including the timing, we are happy to do that. We are doing the same thing at Mid-Pike and Pike & Rose with our first phase where we have 80,000 square foot treatable office and again lots of demand there. So we are hardly becoming an office company, but, and we will not become an office company, but certainly thats a small component of the mixed use project if so its on the table for us.
Jim Taylor: And just to add to it, it is work worked in Bethesda, where OPNET has been a great tenant of ours on Woodmont Avenue for a dozen years.
Andrew Schaeffer - Sandler ONeill: And secondly kind of going back to your small sub-tenant basis, I wonder if you can break out those lease spreads last quarter?
Don Wood:
 :
Melissa Solis: Yeah.
Don Wood: Well, we can certainly do that offline, so have you.
Operator: Our next question comes from RJ Milligan from Raymond James & Associates.
RJ Milligan - Raymond James & Associates: Just a quick follow-up on Jeffs question on Assembly Row, you guys mentioned the office demand was increasing, I was wondering on the other side of that did you see a softening in the multifamily demand?
Don Wood: No. Not at all, now again, that's a much better question for Avalon, since that will have the economics, but I can tell you that I was up with Avalon management just last week, had great conversations. They are very interested in doing work on the residential side at the Assembly; those conversations were about and very bullish from what they said on the first phase, so you can get more detail from Tim and his group.
RJ Milligan - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And then my second question is, in your beginning comments, you talked about 2012 being the year of the leasing agent. I was wondering a year from now when we were on this call for 2013, what's going to be the year up; where do you see the greatest potential for upside to your numbers if you can execute; is it acquisitions, leasing again, development, redevelopment, where do you see upside to your numbers?
Jim Taylor: Thats a great question, RJ, and I got to tell you there is like 15 smiles in this room and in the call right now because they had a leasing over here, when I said it's the year of leasing. All you have to do is say nice things about the sales team and really motivate them like crazy. We still see strong leasing; in all period, we do see strong leasing; I think we're being pretty aggressive in terms of our assumptions. I know we're being very aggressive in trying to get the rents that we're pushing, both small shops and anchor; you know, the development leasing, which is a big piece of the share will certainly not contribute earnings to the share, but as we continue to lease projects that are under construction and so people can see and then feel and everything else, that's where we feel, we feel really good about the potential upside of the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quentin Velleley from Citi. Please go ahead.
Quentin Velleley - Citi: Just going back to East Bay Bridge, I noticed significant rental upside in there and I believe you would sort of paid a low 5s initial cap rate for it, how should we be thinking about the IRR for that project particularly just in terms of rental increases and rate tenanting as opposed to some kind densification?
Don Wood:  Very good go ahead Jeff. 
Jeff Berkes:  Assumingly, we do what we think we can do which is again Don said there is not a lot of risk to not achieving (inaudible) on an IRR 10-year unlevered.
Quentin Velleley  Citi: Right and then and the best buybacks there I dont think you are in that, who earns that I am not sure of this some kind of opportunity there down the road? 
Jeff Berkes: You are right we do not own that, thats owned by a private individual out of Southern California and it wasn't part of what we bought.
Quentin Velleley  Citi: Okay. 
Jim Taylor:  We talked a lot about the densification of the site; we certainly didn't in anyway underwrite our future development or anything else that way on the site. All I am saying is one of the reasons we buy or we are really attracted to large pieces of land in places like this is because there are things that wind up happening all the time in over a five-year of period time or 10-year of period of time that we never thought would happen because its more flexibility on land of this size and these kind of locations. So I cant who knows about the best buy owner who knows about the densification but when you are downside its protected as this one is and you can look at that a pretty sure increase in NOI over the next five years and why wouldnt you take an opportunity like that. 
Quentin Velleley  Citi: And then I guess if you look at the West Coast with this acquisition and Plaza El Segundo expansion at Santana and Westgate Mall. So your West Coast book prints increased quite significantly. How are you thinking about the urban and street retail assets you have over on the West Coast, is there an opportunity to expand, are you seeing acquisition potential or alternatively given sort of some pricing is there an opportunity to sell some of our small assets?
Jeff Berkes: You will take that Don or you want me to?
Don Wood: No, go ahead you are the President of the West Coast.
Jeff Berkes: The first part of your question are there other acquisition opportunities, of course we are always looking for those, so as you mentioned the areas where we are investing is right now are pretty expensive, so we are careful in evaluating those opportunities and clearly we understand the market really well, on the 3rd Street Promenade and we understand the market really well on Colorado Boulevard in Pasadena, and so on and so forth but if something comes up certainly because of our base there and our operating capability and leasing capability we take advantage of those but I would expect those to be relatively incremental. In terms of disposing of them, that's not something we are really planning on either and the reason is particularly on 3rd Street and couple of our buildings on Colorado Boulevard, we have the same characteristics there, the way I look at East Bay Bridge which is well below market rent, so we expect to at some point in time harvest and like Don said, you cannot predict whats going to happen and maybe we get some of that space back sooner than anticipated even if we don't its worth waiting and out because there is good upside in those properties and I hate to part with them at this point.
Don Wood: Yeah, I want to put that question in the context of Federal Realty in its entirety though and you know we are managing a 20 million square foot portfolio and in that portfolio I felt that we were under represented in California despite the issues in California and I know them well but in spite of this I felt that we were under represented and that why Jeff took on the role that he now has out there, that's why he built the team out there, that's why you know the Plaza El Segundo acquisition the point development that will follow, now East Bay Bridge is it does create enough critical mass out there where we are, we've become more of a player.  On balance, it is no more important to market or a less important to market than Washington DC or Boston or Philadelphia or for that matter South Florida which I wish we were stronger in. So on balance what happened out on the West Coast has happened very, very deliberately and if you look at the type of things that we do own, we are still all about an increasing stream of cash flows and those type of assets on those pieces of land do that and give us the opportunity for more redevelopment in future years. So I can't level with that (inaudible) on the West Coast
Operator: Our next question comes from Christy McElroy from UBS. Please go ahead.
Christy McElroy - UBS: Just wanted to follow-up on some of the small shop leasing questions. I'd actually also love that breakout on spreads between small shop and anchor if you could possibly send that around when you have it. Don, you mentioned and answered to Jeffs question more pricing leverage versus in the past on small shop, is that more specific to you given your occupancy and the strength of your leasing or would you say that that sort of true of the market overall as well. I'm just trying to get a sense for market rent trends, because obviously there are still a lot of small shops you can see out there?
Don Wood: You know Christy its a good question, I'm not sure I'm the best guy to answer it frankly because I don't know because everybody else (inaudible) I only know about our, or I can tell you that even within ours, within our small shop leasing, it's not across the board even, it is clearly the better properties and the better locations that we have more opportunity to leverage in. So its even federal portfolio is a microcosm of the bigger issues I have to say its probably not broad based but I don't know that, that's really an individual company-by-company you know question you know.
Christy McElroy - UBS: And could you comment sort of give your view on anchor demand looking out over the next you know three to five years, this isn't new but given the sort of overhang that's out there among retailers that have too much space office suppliers, book stores, consumer electronics, the likely give back space as leases expire, can you sort of give your bigger picture thoughts on how many closures we could potentially see in this country and what the demand looks like for absorbing some of that excess space?
Don Wood: I will Christy but I'm looking at across the table and Chris Weilminster loved to answer that question first.
Chris Weilminster: I have looked at the total amount of GLA that will come back on the market. I cannot find in that direction but I do think that what you've seen over the past three or four years of amount of supply diminishing because of the demand of new concepts or regional trend given the markets that they were in before, we don't, I certainly don't worry about it clearly as of Federal Realty's portfolio I think we've always taken the anchor boxes by turn over and create a great opportunity and great value for the Trust. So my overall opinion is that there's enough demand that will pick up the excess supply if the book stores and if the electronic retailers disappear.
Don Wood: Maybe more on a, more macro basis on that. You know, I love to hear Chris say that. He is in charge of this portfolio but you know, as I think about that from macro perspective, I do worry about that. I mean I absolutely believe that there is too much space versus demand on a national basis. You know, and then you got to get down to company-by-company and locations-by-locations and it's obviously, the supply all the way around but it's got to be in a place where there are at least two people fighting for one space. It's not rocket science. You have to have that and I dont believe that that is the case broad based across country nor do I believe it will be the case broad based across the country. I think you see it in the secondary mall area. I think you see it in secondary shopping centers and no, I would not effectively want to run a portfolio of those kind of space from NOI increasing, from an NOI perspective because I don't think that there are two or three or four tenants fighting for each anchor space on a macro basis.
Christy McElroy - UBS: Just one really quick follow-up. Did you guys disclose your physical or commenced occupancy at year end?
Don Wood: Yes we did. We were at 94.9 in our cat.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cedrik Lachance from Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors: Thank you. Just want to go back to Emeryville a little bit. Since you are talking about the potential to add so much square footage there, are you looking at mix use of the portion use at the site?
Don Wood: Cedrik, I will jump on that one. We're not looking at developing and adding anything to East Bay Bridge thats not why we bought it. We bought it for the steady stream of the income stream there. All we are saying is that when you have big pieces of land like this over the years things turn up and things can happen. We will certainly explore those types of things but you should not expect any significant capital outlays in terms of development at East Bay Bridge in terms of densification for that in at least the next few years.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors: Okay and just looking at your key market at Washington DC, broadly speaking what do you see from the demand perspective on the part of retailers in the metro area and if you could segment it a little bit between the grocery-anchored space and the power center space that would help to?
Jim Taylor:  Yeah, Cedrik, I got to tell you. I am very (inaudible) about it. I have been nervously optimistic for or cautious for the past couple of years given all of the function in the federal government and uncertainty and it certainly has impacted the office market in Washington DC. I can tell you on the retail side at least in the markets that we are doing business, it remains one of our strongest markets and I think that applies Chris on the grocery side.
Chris Weilminster : I mean, still when you look at (inaudible) when you look at, it would be nothing but outside potential for that any (inaudible) any of our grocery stores back I mean is so much demand for our assets in their locations that we everyday Don saying about the market there is jobs being added to the market I think the outlook is that there is another 40,000 jobs to be added in the DC market next year with everything going on and I wish we had more space Jim and I had a long conversation last night and he said how do we call to give me more space cause we just there is not much demand for whats going on for our assets. I think Don always brings in more macro picture right, I think the secondary markets where there is not a lot of residential growth are the ones that are more challenged, but the physical locations of our real estate drives very demand and so.
Jim Taylor: And (inaudible) that sales trend looks strong too for those they report. So we are not seeing anything but (inaudible)
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors: If you really think about rent growth over the next couple of years, do you think DC is going to outperform the west coast in your portfolio?
Don Wood: That's a good question and I don't know the answer to that. I can tell you that when we look at in place rents versus markets rents in those two markets (inaudible) we own and the west coast that those general trends are about equal. As down the west coast we got, we will have a big role down in the best buy building at Santana that will come up. is that late 14 or early 14.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors: Is that late 14 or early 14.
Don Wood: In 2014 there will be a big adjustment on that one building and that does, that will probably cost us a $1 million or so a year. But that will be more made up for in other areas, other than one-off like that the difference between in-place and market looks very similar in Washington DC versus the west coast.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Mueller from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan: Jim, I was just wondering in terms of the guidance, whats baked in there in terms of funding for the development pipeline over the next couple of years?
Jim Taylor: Yeah, we have got of that $250 million to $300 million spend over the coming year, and we are looking at a mix ATM and debt issuance. I think we have given in our earnings guidance disclosure where we see our average shares outstanding which presupposes about $150 to $200 million of equity. We are going to be optimistic Mike thats part of why we began the year with the liquidity position that we have. We don't want to be backed into any one particular strategy and want to make sure we have all our options open to us, so we can maximize our funding costs or optionalize I should say.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Isbee from Stifel Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus: Don you mentioned before that you would like to have some more exposure to South Florida, and you acquired a few assets there few years back but really nothing since. What would you say has been the hold up and where do you see things going, where do you stand in that process.
Don Wood: Its a good question, the first couple of assets that we bought have under performed. We bought them at the worst time and they didn't work out. The third asset that we bought which was just a year, a little bit more than a year ago was Tower Shops and Tower Shops really has outperformed what we thought. Its more in line with the kind of assets that we like; again bigger, with more opportunities and more possibilities to be able to move around when in the middle of the redevelopment there, we just risk in and are looking at some other ideas there.  That type of product we have not found, has not traded in a way where we thought we could make money. I will tell you we look forward at one in Miami, a couple in Miami, a (inaudible) was at the base in South beach. Well Id love to have had that but the pricing just went through the roof and we didn't think we could make an IR that made any sense there.  So we keep pounding it and we keep looking at it and you know with federal acquisitions are never, we are never going to do them in kind of a big way. Its going to be a rifle shot approach of one by one or two by two, something like that, when they come available and that could stuff at prices that we can make sense have not. When looking hard now and there are some things down there that do make some sense for us if we can break them free.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus: Would you say you have adequate boots on the ground down there?
Don Wood: That's a good question and I'm not sure I have the answer to that. I got [Barry Hardy], whos been with us a long time right on the ground, right there working up now through Jim and whether there's another way to handle that or a way to supplement there we are looking at it.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus: Jeff Berkes is moving down there.
Don Wood: No he is a west coast guy, he doesn't wear socks.
Jeff Berkes: That goes great in South beach.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Morgan from Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley:  You have a comment in your K that talks about leasing velocity being more in line with your historical average. You know you said you did whatever, 400 or so leases in 12 and looking for something closer to the 300 that you've done historically in 13. I mean you alluded to this kind in your opening comments, but should I think of that as being a bar that you could exceed or is there something special about 12 and I assume its on a comment on the state of the what you are seeing in all leasing markets generally.
Don Wood: Listen, let me put it in context for a second. I mean we did it in total, nearly 2 million square feet of space which is roughly 10% of the portfolio, that is not a bar that you should expect us to achieve on a regular basis. I mean, we typically do 1.2 million or 1.3 million square feet of space per year and again a big piece of that was because of the occupancy increases that we [avail] to in 2012, which you won't see in 2013, and so gets yourself down more to our historical averages, maybe a little bit 1.3 or 1.4 million square feet I feel a lot better thats the [model] length.
Jim Taylor: Yeah, and Paul, from an occupancy standpoint, as I mentioned in my remarks, we're looking at some roll during the middle of the year but basically ending a near flat from a physical occupancy standpoint, just below 95%.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley: And then on the lease spreads, I mean you have been kind of steady in this 10% to 12% cash range, you know, pre-recession, the numbers had been higher. You sort of backdoor, you were on same store NOI and occupancy broadly speaking. I know historically, sometimes those numbers were, you got, you quite [reduce] from old anchor leases expiring and maybe just haven't had some of those lately. But should we expect to see lease spreads get back up closer to where theyve been. What's the kind of obstacle there?
Don Wood: I don't know. It's going to depend quarter-by-quarter and in terms of what kind of deals get done. There are still plenty of anchor boxes in this portfolio that are going to be roll up significantly. Thats for sure. But that 06-07 period of time I am not so sure you really ever get back to that consistent basis, because with such an unusual point of time in terms of the retailers who are really just trying to grow a logically frankly. We dont see that today in terms of any of the negotiations with retailers.  Retailers are, they are better in terms of their ability to run their businesses and ability to control their inventory and ability to underwrite sales more reasonably. So its discipline group thats make everyone of our negotiations a lot harder, including everyone that - even though there is a lot of volume in 2012 I would love I wish I could take the hour spend on those leases versus 2006 and 2007, I can tell you they are lot harder. And that generally means that the economics we are not going to be able to push rent like we are able to do it in 06-07 thats a macro comment, it doesnt apply to any particular space or and what in a quarter any couple of deals that can make or break a quarter in terms of those statistics not in terms of the stability of a cash flow. So thats kind of where I come out. 
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley: Okay just last question on the leverage youve got a lot of room, a lot of comfort with respect to kind of where your peers are and where you are and I know you like to run low. Youve got a big development pipeline, you mention using that as well as the ATM to fund it. How should I think about where you see leverage going as you build out the big developments. 
Jim Taylor: Our objective is to keep our leverage metric stable. We think our balance sheet and the strength of the balance sheet has helped us drive some of our out performance over time. Certainly we are looking at the long-term debt market and favorable rates and we are going to capitalize on that when we can. But I think you should expect our leverage metrics to remain relatively stable. 
Don Wood: Yeah Paul the only thing I wanted to add to that is, sometimes its easy to say the development pipeline in some kind of as though as one giant single thin. Remember 75 million of that in terms of the building at Santana will be delivered earlier than the rest that will come out. There will be in 14 the start of assembly and later 14 the start of Mid Pike and that was continue through 14 and 15. So its not just as one big parallel money, its moves and gets reduced in addition to new projects coming on along the way. So the stability of the whole company even with that development pipeline which really is a very modest part of the company's capitalization is $9 billion company and we are talking about $500 million, or so. 6% of it, because the total capitalization of the company, it just shouldn't drive what you are thinking about the leverage.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Ms. Lennox do you have any final remarks.
Kristina Lennox: Thank you everyone and well talk to you soon. 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-02 15:53:00) =====
Start Time: 14:04: Federal Realty Investment Trust (NYSE:FRT) Q3 2012 Earnings Call November 2, 2012 2:00 pm ET
Executives: Kristina Lennox  IR Coordinator Donald Wood  President and Chief Executive Officer James Taylor  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Jeff Berkes  President West Coast
Analysts: Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities Craig Schmidt  Bank of America Michael W. Mueller  J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. Quentin Velleley  Citigroup. Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc. Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors Michael Jason Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter Federal Realty Investment Trust Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lourisa and Ill be your operator for todays call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode, later well conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Kristina Lennox. Ms. Lennox, you may begin.
Kristina Lennox: Good afternoon. Id like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realtys third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. After this sweet storm in few days, I hope everyone is doing well in recovering post Hurricane Sandy, and I would also like to thank you all for you understanding with the technical issues earlier today. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Jim Taylor, Dawn Becker, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster and Melissa Solis. These and other members of our management team are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our third quarter 2012 supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to the Trusts operating and financial performance. This document is currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realtys future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. Risks inherent in these assumptions include, but are not limited to future economic conditions including interest rates, real estate conditions and the risks and costs of construction. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial conditions and results of operation. Ill now turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our third quarter 2012 results. Don?
Donald Wood: Thanks, Kristina and good morning, everybody. And first of all let me apologize to you for what is effectively a three hour delay in getting our conference call off today, we did had some problem with the conference call provider, were not sure whether it was Hurricane Sandy related or for that matter, Andy Blocher is advertising the call. But we are glad that youre on the phone with us, now at this point. So let me get going. In a few minutes, we will hear from Jim Taylor in what is his first investor conference call as CFO of Federal. There is absolutely no need to go easy on him during the Q&A session today.
 : Reported FFO per share of $1.12, compared with a very strong $1.01 comparable to last year. As I intimated in last quarters call, there was noise in the third quarter, which benefited from a big $6 million and $0.09 a share lease termination fee from Safeway. Im going to give you more on that in a bit, but also carry the CFO transition costs associated with Andy severance and Jim sign on bonus totaling $2.1 million or $0.03 per share on the other way. So $0.06 of this quarters earnings to be considered unusual or one-time in nature; of course, we will continue to make my case of lease termination fees on an ongoing and normal part of our business, but this is a big one and should be considered when thinking about our run rate. Okay, leasing, primary driver of this record quarter. Like the first half of the year, third quarter leasing volume was again off the chart in terms of our historical production. A 100 deals more than 0.5 million square feet of comparable space completed in an average rate of $28.43, a 11% higher than the $25.63 replaced, that now makes over 1.3 million square feet of deals in the first nine months of 2012, more than most years 12 month production and more space than weve ever leased in the nine month period ever. All that volume equates to $4.7 million of incremental rate. Rent is on a comparable space mind you, not just newly developed retail space. That was contracted just these first nine months compared with the previous leases. Many of those deals are already benefitting 2012 results and all will certainly benefit 2013 in future years. You might have noticed that in total, the 51 renewals that we did during the quarter actually generated 1% less rent going forward than the previous deals. No trend or macro-issue here, just one of those 51 leases with a big roll down that skewed the results and that was with Barnes & Noble and Willowbrook shopping center in suburban Philadelphia. We decided to renew Barnes for five more years significantly less rent because of their strategic importance at that particular shopping center at this time. Without that deal renewals rolled out 3%. And you know those decisions of leasing decision happen once in a while. While we may have a similar impact on one in the fourth quarter or in any quarter along the way you have to look in total, I mean looking at the overall leasing position and products portfolio, frankly I couldnt be more bullish. With all that unprecedented level of activity occupancy can help it to go up and it sure did. Were now 95.1% leased and 94.2% physically occupied both up substantially from last year and from the quarter ago. Let me give you a bit more detail, there were five big anchor deals done during the quarter, but none is bigger than a new state-of-the-art Giant Food Grocery store at Flourtown Shopping Center suburban Philadelphia that with a possible by the sale of certain Safeways, Genuardi stores to Giant division of Royal Ahold. That same sale when compared to the all three of our Genuardis locations allowed us to not only upgrade Flourtown at a very significant rent premium, but also to maintain a first class grocer at our premier Wynnewood Shopping Center and to give us the opportunity to significantly transform Ellisburg shopping center in Cherry Hill, New Jersey with a great higher end specialty grocer and by the way collect of $6 million termination fee from Safeway. We conservatively estimate $20 million of immediate property level value creation because of these transactions, and $40 million over time given the deterioration Genuardis was experiencing. Some just doesnt happen at lots of shopping centers and its part of the reason we think that lease termination fees should be viewed as a regular part of our business. Our leases are generally very strong from the landlords perspective. And in our locations they tend to give us a better chance to unlock potential that wasnt reachable the day before. I also want to mention one other under the radar initiative of the company that is really yielding some strong results and contributing meaningfully to the bottom line. Its an ancillary income program that has been expanded from simply the Halloween and other seasonal temporary tenants to such initiatives as an aggressive paid parking program, and expanded number of our properties and very recently our solar energy program thats being rolled out at eight of our shopping center properties in the Northeast. Together ancillary income now generates about a $11 million annually about $3 million in the third quarter, which is up from about $5 million annually just five years ago. The increase has been steady and resulted in a compound annual growth rate of 15%. And we fully think there is far more room to go with this program. Okay, lets move on to acquisitions and development. In the last couple of months, weve been working on a couple of shopping center deals as I look like, were going to make, and assuming the balance of the due diligence period goes as expected, we should close the both by the end of the year. Well obviously share a lot more information on those centers after closing, but from a big picture perspective the two centers combined if both deals close would allow us to put nearly a $150 million to work for over a 0.5 million square feet of space. In addition, with Jim Taylor heading up the function on the East Coast and Jeff Berkes on the West Coast, were looking at a lot of products, but still find real estate in our market that have a clear path of value creation to todays prices. But were doing our share, and I think well be doing more. In terms of an update on the three major development sites that are under construction, lets start on the West Coast at Santana Row. I went back to look at my second quarter comments about Santana and they also apply.  Were moving ahead on schedule and on budget at Misora which is the latest residential building with a $75 million budget, a 7% plus cash-on-cash expected return in a 2014 initial stabilized year. Looking forward much more to come as we continue to plan for additional retail, additional office and additional residential investments totaling somewhere between $225 million, $250 million may be even a bit more on the Santana Row site. Second, across the country, just outside of Boston, Assembly Row is under construction. AvalonBay is progressing on their residential buildings. We began construction on the large building that will house, among other things, a parking garage and theater. And the NBCA track work is underway, preparation of the new T-Stop. We expect the 2014 opening on this first phase, with the opening of the new T-Stop trailing by 6 to 12 months. Retail leasing at Assembly has a real momentum with negotiations with multiple tenants for each available states well underway. The first phase includes about 300,000 square feet and about 30% of that is committed to-date under executed leases to tenants like Brooks Brothers, like Chicos like Legal C Bar among others. As good news as we didnt expect to have sign leases beyond the theater deal until year end, lot more familiar names that I can talk about yet, but the merchandizing is shaping up very nicely. We continue to evaluate the IKEA site to determine whether it makes financial sense for Federal but dont have a point of view on that yet more to come. And thirdly, the first phase of Pike & Rose as I said our Mid-Pike shopping center is well underway including site work and foundation work on each of the three buildings comprising phase 1, no changes to budget or timing on this one either, $250 million for the first phase with the expectation of late 2014 opening for the first couple of mixed-use buildings and the larger residential buildings following after that. As you can see lots going on for Federal over the next few years, $0.5 billion of development spend for the initial phases of existing retail destinations and we have controlled for years and operating platform firing on all cylinders with leasing momentum that is particularly strong and both recent acquisitions and new ones coming with leasing our redevelopment opportunities to exploit and then open an aggressive eye for more, were proud of our performance and what is still a very uneven recovery. At this point, let me turn it over to Jim Taylor to talk about the balance sheet, earnings guidance and some initial impressions of the opportunity and risks that we face. Well then open it up to your questions and our entire senior team is here and available to address them. Jim?
James Taylor:  Don, thank you. Thrilled to be on board and part of such a great team. First, I trust that all of you on the call and your families have come through Hurricane Sandy, okay. At Federal, we have all survived an attack and aside from some minor sustained roof damage in a couple of our sites, we came through it largely on scale. All of our centers are up and operating and again any damages minor. Before I address financial results and outlook, I wanted to share my perspective with someone who knew the company as an outsider for almost 14 years, has now spent the past 90 days as part of the team. First Ive been thoroughly impressed by the quality and depth of the people in this company. Granted it does take a great portfolio of rental assets to produce organic growth, that is as predictable as it is impressive, however our leasing operational and legal team led by Chris Weilminster and Dawn Becker know how to drive the very best performance from our assets. And in theory our merchandizing mix or week leases can recap at even a very best location, when you see these teams operate out close, you realize that the Genuardis lease team fee at $6 million is no accident nor as a resulting value creation opportunities that are available to us at Ellisburg, Flourtown. They are the natural outcome of that singular focus on driving performance. I have also been impressed by the quality of our information systems and our finance team led by Melissa Solis. Of course, having known the company for 14 years, I expected to find strengthen this organization, but the quality and depth of this team and his leadership has exceeded my highest expectations.  One surprise that has really struck me since joining the team has been truly the universal spirit of finding ways to drive shareholder value, whether its leasing, legal leasing, tenant coordination, redevelopment, legal, expense management et cetera the mission within the company is clear and embraced by all on the team. Looking forward for me the key challenge will be sourcing and capitalizing on install acquisition opportunities that are accretive from a long-term growth perspective to our core portfolio. Our pipeline is active as Don mentioned and we believe that there maybe opportunities for us to continue to identify assets like Plaza El Segundo and Montrose Crossing our two most recent acquisitions that fit our criteria. These are assets in locations where we are confident that will always be strong relative tenant demand. Rest assured, we will maintain our disciplines as we evaluate potential acquisitions, but were very focused on making sure, we turn over a lot of stones. Hopefully youve all seen our recent press release announcing the addition of Harold Nafash to our acquisitions team reporting to Barry Carty. I am extremely excited about the contributions Harold will make to our team particularly in the Northeast region. We are up for the challenge.  Turning to results, allow me to provide some further insights on this quarters performance, our capital markets activity, our increased midpoint guidance for 2012 and our outlook for 2013. Don covered our FFO for the quarter, which again was up 12.7% on a growth basis and 10.9% of a $1.12 per share over the prior quarter. Again success of this increase is attributable to the Genuardis lease term fee, net of the CFO transition cost of $2.1 million. No surprise here the other main driver of our quarterly performance was our growth in same-center operating income, which excluding the lease termination fee was a strong 4% up including redevelopment and 3.5% excluding redevelopment.  Our same-center growth was driven by the strong leasing activity of our core portfolio, both in rollover and occupancy and redevelopment. This quarter, we achieved 11% increase in cash balance as Don mentioned and over the last four quarters, weve averaged 12% increase or our same-center lease percentage at quarter end increased to 95.1% from 94.2% a year earlier. We should expect to see the benefit of these newly signed leases over the next few quarters. On the redevelopment side, we continue to benefit from 300 Santana Row and the apartments on Lot 6B in addition to the ongoing delivery of redevelopments at Bala and Willow Lawn. These were partially offset by the downtime from the redevelopment at Shoppers World as well as demolition of marketing expenses for the first phases of Assembly and Pike & Rose. The acquisitions of Montrose Crossing and Plaza El Segundo has drove the balance of the increase in property PUI which when you factor and that assume drove approximately $1 million in FFO benefit. Both of these acquisitions have outperformed our initial acquisition underwriting and we are vey pleased with our operating performance to-date.  Our G&A expense increase of $1.6 million was driven by the $2.1 million of transition cost, the CFO position I mentioned, offset in part by lower transaction cost incurred during the quarter, increases in interest expense due to the higher average balance during the quarter were largely offset by lower rate. Turning to the balance sheet; during the quarter, we raised an additional $52 million under the ATM program at an average price of $107.43 per share and refinanced $175 million of 6% notes with $250 million of note that a coupon of 3%; these transactions leave us in a very strong and flexible capital position with approximately $147 million of cash on the balance sheet at quarter end and $400 million of capacity under our revolver.  We remain in very solid shape to match fund appropriate acquisitions and plan redevelopment and development activities through the capital markets. Well keep our balance sheet metrics at appropriate levels and thereby provide ourselves maximum flexibility. With our strong year-to-date performance and visibility on the remainder of the year, we increased the midpoint of our 2012 FFO per share guidance to a range of $4.29 to $4.31 per share. Looking forward further, we feel very good given the quality and stability of our core portfolio and strong leasing performance to provide visibility on 2013 FFO per share in a range of $4.50 to $4.56, which adjusting for the impact of the Genuardis lease term fee and the CFO transition represents a solid 7% FFO per share diluted growth at the midpoint. Here are few things to consider as you are updating your models, we anticipate that occupancy in the core portfolio will remain relatively flat in 2013. Our same-center growth expectations are in the 3% range excluding the impact of the lease term fee. Note that we still expect to generate this level of same-store growth even with the drag of redevelopment at Mid-Pike and Santana Row. From a capital standpoint in addition of the cash we currently have on our balance sheet and capacity in our revolver, we expect opportunistically cap into the equity and debt market with issuances under our ATM and refinance of our senior notes which mature in December of 2013, all this will be accomplished again with keeping an eye toward strong credit metrics and our balance sheet flexible enough to find appropriate acquisitions as well as $250 million to $300 million of plan development and redevelopment spend as detailed in our 8-K. In sum, we had a terrific quarter, have a positive outlook for 2013 and a balance sheet with flexibility to fund our growth. We look forward to seeing you all in San Diego in a little over a week. And with that operator, wed like to turn over the call to questions.
Operator:  Thank you. Well now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) We have a question from Jeff Donnelly from Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities:  Good morning guys and good afternoon, I should say.
Donald Wood:  (Inaudible) 
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities: Yeah, sorry, its crazy day. Just a few questions then I apologize, Don because I ended up getting on a minute late, so Im sorry if this is repetitive. But just on the CFO transition cost, I think on last quarters call, you had mentioned that is going to be about $3 million or a nickel largely in Q3 and it came in under that. Is that because there is going to be some that spills over into Q4? Or
Donald Wood: No, I think and Ill ask Jim or Melissa. I think its going to be any sort of job sooner from frankly and so we didnt have the cost that went into the fourth quarter and secondly into the early part of next year. I think thats a big piece of it.
James Taylor: That is most of it, Jeff. And sum we were about a penny lower than we thought we would be in the estimated transition cost.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then concerning just your guidance for 2013 as we look at Pike & Rose, can you walk us through I guess maybe how much displacement you think is going to come as a result of that moving towards the development process either just to hit the occupancy or at revenues maybe even talk about how it flows through the quarters in 2013?
Donald Wood: Jimmy, I know you went through that in the second. But with respect to the Japanese, a bigger point here thats irrelevant now and for 2013 but also for 2014.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities: No, its a follow up.
Donald Wood: Great, as I move this stuff, there is really three or four categories that you got to think about. One is as youre intimating, loss rent, right. There is a Mid-Pike shopping center thats being taken down or that was existing stream of income continues to delude effectively as you head out through the development. Thats number one. Number two, the same time there is heavy marketing expenses that are necessary in order to introduce the world to the new product both at Mid-Pike or all at Mid-Pike, at assembly and at Santana. In addition to that there is demolition, when we physically not down the building there is costs that come from that. And obviously as we get out into 2014, it gets a little money or because as capitalized interest does it match up exactly with the new rents coming on. Youve got further dilution there from an earning perspective. Obviously all of these things are very value additive as we move it from one to the other. So I dont know, if you want this specific numbers, how you want to get to it on this call Jim, Melissa, youve got the side. But those thats the concept Id like you to think about for the next two and three years effectively.
James Taylor: Yeah Jeff, when you look at the drag Don referred to you whether its loss rent or marketing or demolition just in 2013, youre looking at anywhere from $2 million to $2.5 million that we have forecasting 2013 of that drag. So when we talk about our same-store growth, its net of that drag if you will. So again Im glad you asked the question because I want to emphasize were still forecasting 3% same-store growth with that drag in it.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, thats helpful. And then just maybe Don, I would like to switch gears, on Assembly Row, you mentioned the IKEA site, is there a timeframe is such as a big deadline when youd have to go after that property? Or is it not that hard and fast at?
Donald Wood: Thats a good question. In the negotiations were in right now, were pretty comfortable that were going to have until the first part of 2013 to kind of to decide whether that we want to do there. And as you can imagine, Jeff, where were talking to folks, its got to be entitled. There is a lot of issues there that we want clear visibility on before we were to do anything on the sites there. Yeah, but at the end of the day, it doesnt make sense as a standalone investment, I just had just as soon as somebody else do, what they are going to do there. And believe me, the base of a brand new key [stop].  Somebody, whatever it does, or somebody else is going to be developing on that 12 acre site. But yeah, we will be into the first piece of 2013 before we have that visibility. 
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities: And then are you able to give us a rough sense of how the lease deals are getting structured there? I know its early, but just in terms of the other rents achieving, which you are hoping, yes this pickup clauses and how are things sorting out?
Unidentified Company Representative : Yeah, thats it, and it is early, and a couple of that are in place. There were a couple of guys, we want those tenants and its very typical in a development deal, that will be subsidized deals, and others, rent is exceeding with what we were going to be able to get there. So as you can imagine, were in the throes now with the first real phases of lease negotiations. And that will play out, however that plays out over the next year or so. But the initial stuff is were pretty much, no surprises. Yeah, I hate the deals where we have to subsidize a bit more. I love the deals where we are more successful in getting the rent that we thought or better, so a balance. 
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities: And just one last question, why didnt you guys look at Westwood, the property down there in Maryland?
Unidentified Company Representative : Because I think in I am sorry, I was actually thinking of something else when you said that. I got a couple of things to talk about on that. But basically that is a real its a real complicated deal thats going to be. And basically unlocking value there and Jeff and his team, its a great team. And they very well maybe able to get to the value that they need to get to. They are going in prices, certainly going to require them to get to that values, to make any sense. And when we kind of look at what has to happen to get their best kind of price it was too steeper, frankly. 
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, thanks guys. 
Unidentified Management Representative:  Yep.
Operator:  Craig Schmidt from Bank of America is on line with a question.
Craig Schmidt  Bank of America: Well, good afternoon. I was just wondering that you know Pike & Rose, I mean we will be talking to for a while and now are starting to really be eponymous. I wonder, what has changed when you know you first started the mission what youre going to do for that property versus what youre doing today and what have you learnt given the no, you have some potential other large redevelopment efforts that are coming up after Pike & Rose.
Unidentified Management Representative : Well, Craig, when you sit back and you think about the pieces of land that federal has inherently land banks in its portfolio, there really isnt a better one out there than Pike & Rose. And so one of the things that we set up early on, and I think its still the right thing to do, is the spacing of that project.  And so, you know, taking off biting off this first piece of that while keeping the rest of it operating makes a lot of sense in terms of balance and risk mitigation. I think as we get into the leasing of the residential piece particularly there, which was hard to we wont know that for sometime. What we are finding is that the demand were getting for additional residential maybe even condo as that market starts to comeback in hotels is higher than we thought it was going to be at this stage.  And so, I don't have a good word on economics of those things yet, because we're in that those initial stages. But I think everything that weve learned have validated the quality of the real estate in the piece of land that that we have. I dont like what were doing in the first phase. The tricky part for us is going to be how to grow it all out. Do we bring in a partner with us to get there over what period of time do we do that and what particular uses such as a hotel, such as for sale versus for rent in some of the sites; that still have to be vetted.  So in terms of where we thought we would be, we are. As you say, its upon us and in a way we go. But when you look at that piece of land coupled with the assembly piece of land, coupled with after the Plaza El Segund and the point, coupled with Santana and there is a large land bank here; that that has to be vetted in a very reasonable way and a company that its primarily an operating company and well always be so.  So that balance is what youll be hearing more about and as well decide about over the coming quarters and years.
Craig Schmidt  Bank of America: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Mike Mueller from J.P. Morgan is online with the question.
Michael W. Mueller  J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.:  Yeah, hi. Maybe a question or two for Jim at first, I think you know the answer of this, but for your 2013 guidance, there are no acquisitions in there, correct? Don mentioned a couple of that may close by year-end?
James Taylor: Yeah, Mike, thanks for clarifying that. There are no acquisitions and of course those materialize as we hope well provide further guidance at that point.
Michael W. Mueller  J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.:  Okay. And I know you mentioned tapping, or using the ATM to tap the equity markets, can you put any parameters around that at this point?
James Taylor: Were very careful about that. We like to keep our activity when we feel its advantageous to tap into it under 10% and the average daily trading volume and even then were not going into the market, how positively were looking at it opportunistically. So when you look at our plans for the coming year, we have plenty of capacity to access it when we want
Michael W. Mueller  J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: Okay and even
Unidentified Company Representative: Mike, can I just add one thing to the acquisition comments that you asked about us. 
Michael W. Mueller  J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.:  Sure.
Unidentified Company Representative : This acquisition that we're making is going to be really good stuff and really good stuff expenses, so it is true the guidance does not include acquisitions, but it is not like we're going toward the type of product that is going to be extremely accretive from an FFO perspective if you will in the early years normally. I just want to make that point.
Michael W. Mueller  J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: Okay, fair point. And then I guess on the flip side, even though there may not be any disposition to guidance, are you currently marketing any properties for sale?
Unidentified Company Representative: No, we're not marking them yet, but we are looking at certain asset to think about that and basically thats really about doing a lease thing and making sure that those properties aren't in best shape to be disposing. So, little may be more to say on that in future calls, but not right now.
Michael W. Mueller  J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: Got it. And last question at assembly you rather offer couple of tenant needs at Brooks Brothers is on there maybe a restaurant or two. Is the Brooks Brothers is that in outlet and is the focus that which you're trying to lease on the retail side still outlet oriented?
Unidentified Company Representative: Absolutely, absolutely; thrilled with that frankly. This is combination, this is going to be new product, its outlet with restaurants, big theatre and people living above it. So well this is we can tell from the supply-demand characteristics that that we're doing, we never build in the right product, but this is pioneering to some extend in terms of that merchandising. So thats where we're working through heavily right now thats were Brooks is, thats what Chicos is, thats with the other conversations that we are having with tenants and negotiations are, so you should absolutely expect to see basically an outlet mall with the addition of resident, great restaurants some service and residents living above.
Michael W. Mueller  J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Quentin Velleley from Citi is online with the question.
Quentin Velleley  Citigroup.: Hi, good afternoon.
Donald Wood:  Hi.
Quentin Velleley  Citigroup.: Just in terms of acquisitions it seems like the sort of more confidence and enthusiasm that you can sort of do more deals and the appointment of Jim and a new acquisitions manager in the Northeast. However my understanding is that the pipeline of high quality assets is actually pretty small and yield firm and if not getting firmer outside of those two potential deals that you spoken about that youre looking at the moment what can you sort of tell us about the acquisition pipeline for better quality assets?
Donald Wood:  I think, Im going to jump in, in front of you Jim or in front of your Jeff whoever going to say something about that in that. And first of all to completely agree with you Quen, I completely agree with you, with your characterization of limited supply and of the stuff that we would want and a firmer environment not a loser environment in terms of being able to get that, having said that this isnt its not a business that should turn on in the public company in our business plan thats a turn on and turn off at your leisure. And so by the time things do turn this is about doing the hard work that undercover work the digging up work now its about making sure that we have the right team in place in a guy like Jim in a guy like Harold oh, boy I hope you do you do diligence on him because I think itd be impressed with the guy that we got there. So that during that regular process we do want to over you will unlock an opportunity or two or three here but its not because of as you suggest and overall macro losing the environment and increasing supply that we see coming that made those moves obvious.
James Taylor:  Yeah, and Quen, I would just add this is not a quantity game. This is a quality game, as you point out. And as Don alluded to there is a lot of prospecting work that we are doing to make sure that were in front of the opportunities as they arrive, but its difficult to predict what that will be. I just think were, what were really focused on is making sure were in a position to capitalize them as they come available.
Donald Wood: And maybe Jeff can you just add your thoughts on the West Coast?
Jeff Berkes:  Yeah, I dont know there is any difference in what you guys have said in and how you started to Quen, I mean it is very difficult to find kind of assets we like where we can get comfortable and an ability to grow NOI over time. I do expect were having a number of conversions like Jim and Don both said we are always sort of scratching and clawing out here to find whatever we can find. And were having some good conversations right now, but nothing to talk specifically about at this point.
Quentin Velleley  Citigroup.: Right. And just a question for Jim, and I know you only been there short period of time. But maybe if you could give us a few thoughts in terms of whether or not there is any, you have any difference in opinion on property investment development and allocating capital versus what the Federal way of doing business as banks?
James Taylor: I dont, I dont, I think whats really impressed me as I alluded in my remarks are really the mission of the company is very clear and it is embraced by all on the team. Our retail cant be characterized by particular type of asset or class of assets, but there is a common underlying theme and that is that we like own location where were confident tenants to be there thats the simple formula, and so whether thats a three retail asset or a small grocery anchored community center or a super-regional power center or big box center, again thats kind of the underlying theme and I think that the results kind of continually speak for themselves as you look at how the companies performed. Our performance is not only outperformed, we are consistent in that outperformance, so hard for me coming in as the new guy to suggest that the company ought to be doing anything differently Quentin. From a development and redevelopment perspective again it all ties into the same theme, which is, these are locations, where we have good belief in terms of what the demand will be there. I think we are seeing it materialized in Assembly clearly, at Pike & Rose and obviously at Santana in terms of the future developments that we have ongoing there. So again my addition of the company is not been one to really change that focus at all, if anything I just try to extenuate what we are doing here in the eastern half.
Quentin Velleley  Citigroup.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Nathan Isbee from Stifel Nicolaus is online with the question. 
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Hi, good afternoon. 
James Taylor: Hi. 
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Jim, can you quantify exactly what the impact is from the redevelopment on your 13 same-store guidance?
James Taylor: We have again we have lost income in marketing expenses that are dragging down our same-store performance of about $2 million to $2.5 million. And that lost income, principally lost income at Mid-Pike as that center begins to shutdown, they accommodate the Pike & Rose development.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Okay, thanks. And then as you look at the possible opportunity on the IKEA, can you talk a little bit about your potential competition there, is there anybody looking at that beyond the retail use and I guess do you see yourself given that you control rest of the property possibly being able to justify paying more given some synergy that we can see? 
James Taylor: Am I negotiating with you now that was going on in this 
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Yes, I have a friend that are out there so.
Unidentified Company Representative: Are you from IKEA?
James Taylor: The
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Actually, Jim Taylor he is still representing me
James Taylor: Nice, Nathan, thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: Then look I dont personally have specific knowledge of who else is involved in the process per se, because it is a quite process that if you will with IKEA. What I expect that there is other demand for that site and other people with other uses absolutely I would, are there some real impediments to doing that from the standpoint of entitlement that would make that hard to do, sure, but those are just developments assumptions that have to be made and underwritten. So I was clearly belief there are other folks there. In terms of us, doesnt make the most sense for us yeah, it probably does, but we own a lot of land there. Weve got a lot of opportunities to continue to grow there. Without owning that 12 acres of land, so we got through and as you can imagine in the negotiations in any company within the company well do we need to do that to protect the existing assets, so should that be looked at separately, how should it be viewed, its something that we debate and argue very specifically around here. And we have come down to as a result of that process a pure belief that piece of land should stand on its own from a development perspective in terms of what we would be willing to do. If it goes to somebody else that would be okay and but if we think we can do it, do we think we can compete as well or better than somebody else, yes we do, because well, we know it, that you see (inaudible) process in which we've been, through before all those subject agreements.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Am I correct in assuming that there is no sort of (inaudible) that would give you any say in terms of what somebody else could do that?
Unidentified Company Representative: I believe that you are correct in assuming that.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Okay, and then Don, you've previously expressed caution to analyst and investors about the future growth profile of Federal getting back to where it was pre-crash, given the recent strength in the shopping center industry, have you changed your thoughts on that at all? 
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, I like that may its well put, very polite and said that, but the bottom line is in the days of 4, 5, 6, 7 the ability to raise rent significantly, what was something across the Board that really boosted every portfolio out there. Certainly, thats harder to do, I can tell you what I'm really excited about is the value that we will be creating in the development pipeline as well as some of the acquisitions that we're doing. It's just, it can happen in the 2013, 2014, 2015 timeframe, because by the very nature of development, there is going to be dilution in the form of those four things that happens before there's accretion, and so if you sit and you model Federal out at 8% to 10% growth, if you will through 2014, 2015 and 2016, and its hard to do that.  Now, we aim for both cash flow investors and NAV investors. And we try as best we can to be a balance and to be able to make it work for everybody, but it is about NAV at the end of the day and trying to create that value. And when you choose development as a component of your business plan then youve got to look at a longer time pretty mature, so were going to create the value, but it wont be that FFO growth in 2014 and 2015 almost can.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: And how about the growth of ahead of your existing portfolio, the congressional Bala Cynwyd et cetera.
Unidentified Company Representative: As good or better than ever and that stuff is just, I mean, its the rock. There is, were going to do $420 million or so of property level NOI this year and as Jimmy was saying despite the fact that there is dilution from the marketing and the development stuff were still growing at three, so strip that and have a four, and thats freight on good math, thats pretty good.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Okay. And then just to finish off the question, I think you started answering before with Jeff, the Pike property that Weingarten acquired. Was that something that you had looked into?
Unidentified Company Representative: We did. Its a half a mile of the street or less from our offices here as you know.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Right.
Unidentified Company Representative: We are not shy about owning real estate on Rockville Pike. I think weve proven that more and more including 250 million more than were putting and Montrose Crossing. But thats a small property. Its got some, I think about a ground lease its only ground lease, its got some pads out in front that that our pan, big old numbers. And so, when we look that, we will see how were going to make more money here based on the value of going in and, I mean may be Weingarten can do it, we didnt see a clear way to value creation.
Unidentified Company Representative : Even at 74% leased.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah.
Unidentified Company Representative: That's because you certainly have to pay for that. It's not like GBG with selling that saying, hey its free because, its not leased.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: All right.
Unidentified Company Representative: Believe me you have paid for that.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Okay, all right. Thanks so much guys, have a great weekend.
Unidentified Company Representative: Same to you, Nathan.
Operator: Cedrik Lachance from Green Street Advisors, is online with the question.
Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors: Hi.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi, Cedrik.
Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors: Just wanted to go back to the rent question a little bit, and thinking about your portfolio and two segments, anchors and small shops, if you were to mark-to-market all your leases to-date in each of those segment, so what will be increase in ramp on a percentage basis in each of these segments?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well I'd tell you on this call; I don't have the ability to do this in segments. I can sit there and tell you that we got about 23 bucks in place and I believe we are sitting, if you were to go through our system and you would understand all the market leases of all of the leases in total that you'd be looking at 8 bucks more or 9 bucks more something in those, that kind of line from adjustment to market.  I don't know how to do that Cedrik for you; I dont have the ability to do. Im looking across and people saying, have not, in terms of how much of that is segmented the way you like that to be segmented that, Im sorry but there is certain point from my perspective at least is that there is still a very significant amount of market upside in the portfolio.
Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors: Okay. Whats your ability to capture and the reason I'm asking about the anchors is that obviously its a lot more difficult to roll those leases, so whats your ability to capture those 25%, 30% upside in those rents overtime?
Unidentified Company Representative: Cedrik its been happening for an awful long time around here. And one thing I will tell you about this portfolio, one of the great things about this company is there is not much of a mystery to it and so when you look at that, you can grab every 10-Q or 8-K basically for the last 10 years or 15 years and all that information is there, it will show you the following thing almost always, we recapture more than its contractually coming to because stop, and I think the greatest example just happened this quarter as it relates to that the Genuardis sale and what that did at our shopping centers so that there is a brand new, there is a recaptured boxes effectively that are out there long before those leases were up, it happens all the time. So Im not trying to dust the question, I dont know the specific answer beyond the contractual aspirations that we disclosed but when you go back and look at what actually happened compared to the contractual aspirations, its almost always more. So we have the ability to get to it because weve proven, weve had the ability to get to it.
Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors:  Okay. And in terms of just moving Santana Row with the residential market being in better shape at very leased in the Bay Area, do you have the ability to convert some of your rental units in to condos and is it something thats rising on the radar?
James Taylor: We have the ability to do it and now Im going to turn it over to Jeff Berkes, because Im dying to hear what he says there.
Jeff Berkes:  Yeah, as you probably know from discussions with us over the years everything here at Santana Row is set up as the condo and all the units are individually mapped. So if we wanted to do a conversion, it would be relatively simple and straight forward. So we did back in 2005 and 2006 when we sold the units and buildings three, four and six. So we like having that flexibility here and going forward whenever we put a residential building, we will build that flexibility into the legal ownership structure. Right now, I got to tell you, we like having the income from the rental units. And at least through the past couple of quarters and going forward, we expect to be able to maintain or grow that income and that condo sales market has not yet caught out to that rental value. We keep an eye on it. We keep an eye on it every month or every quarter. And to the extent, we start to see things like we saw back in early 2005, which was incredibly strong condominium pricing. Well take advantage of it, but we dont see that happening yet although we do monitor it closely.
Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors: Okay.
James Taylor: Cedrik let me answer and just add one thing to what Jeff said as I completely agree with. But every single building that we build there is not just on obviously standalone. Its integrated into the entire district, which is now at Santana Row. And so theres different property tax. Were aiming for different type of people when were building eight Misora building that were building right now for example. Its were looking for we will have lower price points. There will be some smaller units in there, to get people into Santana and the Santana experience, maybe some younger people at a lower price points because we already have product that they can move to into a higher price point. Some of this stuff leads itself or lends itself to being condo to be sold if you will as condos down the road, some of it does. So it really is a master planning exercise, which as Jeff said is in part impacted by the timing if you will, of the markets, but it's also impacted by the product. It is that were building to always be able to create the ability to own or to rent at a lower level or rent at a higher level within the property.
Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) We have a question come from Michael Bilerman from Citi.
Michael Jason Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Yeah, great, Jim just in terms of cap interest in terms of your forecast for next year, you're running year-to-date about $7.5 million. I assume just as the redevelopment, development spend starts to pick up that the 2013 number would be greater than the 2012 number. And therefore have a little bit of an offset relative to $2 billion to $2.5 billion drag that you are talking about previously.
James Taylor : Yeah thats right, if you look at what we expect to spend during the year and our current plans for financing that spend, our cap interest will be going up in 2013 but somewhere between $7 million to $8 million.
Michael Jason Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: So and then this year will end up, I don't know whats the impact of the fourth quarter you've been running about $2.5 million a quarter, so is that a decent number for 4Q?
James Taylor : Yeah thats a decent assumption Michael for the fourth quarter.
Michael Jason Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: And so effectively, your guidance for next year sort of has a positive call it, $0.03 impact rather than a negative $0.03 impact.
James Taylor : Thats related to cap interest and again we are incurring capital to fund that development, so its really the spread, if you will, between the rate at which we are tapping it for GAAP purposes and where we're raising that capital to little bit less than that, but that's about right.
Michael Jason Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay.
James Taylor : But when we talk about, thats obviously going FFO, but I was covering before, Michael was more of the impact on our NOI line.
Michael Jason Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Right, but Im just thinking that people were sort of take in the queue, that the guidance is a little bit lighter certainly as below where the street is today, that people were coming to the conclusion that there is just drag from redevelopment not thinking about that there is actually a positive impact from spending capital, when youre spending it at your line of credit rate and capping it at your weighted average interest rate at lease from an FSL perspective.
Donald Wood: Yeah, but again its just a couple of cents, Mike.
Michael Jason Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Right, but it indicates the drag that were talking about. Are you
Donald Wood: The drag is higher than that net benefit, but yeah, I understand your point.
Michael Jason Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Are you capping any expenses at all from any of these redevelopments? Any of your operating expenses?
Donald Wood: No.
Michael Jason Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Okay, and then Don, I apologize, I missed. You talked about two deals during your opening comments, where they each of a $150 million size or that was an aggregate?
Donald Wood: No, Michael that was in the aggregate.
Michael Jason Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: And those two deals that youre talking about that would be a $150 million going in. How much incremental capital if youre able to get those deals would those have associated with it?
Donald Wood: You was looking very little and actually at least for a couple of years.
Michael Jason Bilerman  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Donald Wood:  Thanks.
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time. Kristina Lennox do you have any final remarks. 
Kristina Lennox: This concludes our third quarter earnings conference call. Were looking forward to see everyone in San Diego.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Kristina Lennox  IR Coordinator Andy Blocher  SVP and CFO Dawn Becker  EVP and COO Don Wood  President and CEO Jeff Berkes  VP, Leasing West Coast Jim Taylor
Analysts:  Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Craig Schmidt  Bank of America Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley Alex Goldfarb  Sandler ONeill Joe Dazzio  JP Morgan Tayo Okusanya  Jefferies Quentin Velleley  Citi Rich Moore  RBC Capital Michael Bilerman  Citi Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce the conference leader Ms. Kristina Lennox. Maam you may begin.
Kristina Lennox: Good morning. Id like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realtys second quarter 2012 conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dawn Becker, Andy Blocher, Jeff Berkes, Chris Weilminster, Jim Taylor and (inaudible). These and other members of our management team are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our second quarter 2012 supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to the Trusts operating and financial performance. This document is currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realtys future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. Risks inherent in these assumptions include, but are not limited to future economic conditions including interest rates, real estate conditions and the risks and costs of construction. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial conditions and results of operation. Now Id like to turn the call over to Andy Blocher, who will begin our discussion of second quarter 2012 results. Andy?
Andy Blocher: Thanks, Kristina and Good morning, everybody. $1.04 of FFO per share in the second quarter matches our record first quarter 2012 result and again was driven by continued strong internal growth which include a higher portfolio occupancy and a continuation of low level of bad debt. Let me provide some of the details of the quarter then we can discuss the capital market activities before going through the assumptions behind our increased guidance and the dividend increase. Property operating income increase $8.5 million versus second quarter 2011, $5.1 million came for 2011 acquisition the Plaza El Segundo and Montrose Crossing. On a same-center this property operating income increase 3.5% including redevelopment and 2.7% excluding redevelopment. Increases in the same center portfolio were driven by improvements in minimum rents through year-over-year occupancy gains and redevelopments coming online such as 300 Santana Row and Levare the latest residential building at Santana Row. Increases in other property income were driven by lease termination fees. You may recall that weve been guiding to increase other property income in 2012 and establishing guidance in November. One, just want to go through our improved 2012 guidance. We continue to see low absolute levels of bad debt. The second quarter bad debt increased on a comparable basis based on the very tough second quarter 2011 comp. So roughly $5 million increase in interest expense for the second quarter 11 largely comes from mortgage loans associated with the acquisitions of Plaza El Segundo and Montrose Crossing we did last year. In total funds from operations increase 3.9% to $66.8 million and 2% on a per share basis to $1.04 results in the second quarter. On a year-to-date basis FFO was up 6.3% and 3.5% on a per share basis. Very strong operating performance reflecting the strength of our market and the relative strength of our properties within those markets. Moving on to the balance sheet for a moment. In mid July we retired $175 million of 6% notes utilizing proceeds from our $250 million 10-year unsecured notes issuance. The 3% coupon on our notes represents the lowest coupon ever executed by any REIT in the REIT market for a 10-year term. Demand for the issue was significant, which allowed us to increase the targeted size from $150 million to $250 million and tightened pricing significantly throughout the execution process. I couldnt happier to have this deal be my last step on markets transaction for the Trust as I believe it represents the combination of all the significant positive changes weve made at Federal Realty over the nearly 12 years Ive been. We also issued another $16 million of common equity through the ATM at an average price of over $101 per share, and we remain in a great balance sheet position with $80 million of cash on the balance sheet, over $400 million of capacity on the credit facility, no significant debt maturities until late 2013 and demonstrated access to both debt and equity capital at historically attractive prices. With our strong year-to-date performance and visibility for the remainder of the year, we increased our 2012 FFO per share guidance to a range of 427 to 431. A big driver of this increase is the result of the positive $0.02 per share net impact were expecting from the combination of the payment were able to receive from Safeway to facilitate the sale of many of its Genuardi stores to Giant, Don will go through this in more detail in a moment which will be reflected as a $0.09 improvement in our third quarter results. The $0.05 of additional expense coming from the CFO translation and $0.02 of expected dilution coming from increased size of the debt issue and additional equity capital onto the ATM. Other key assumptions to the new range include an improved occupancy outlook with yearend 2012 occupancy expected to approach 94% roughly 150 basis points increase from year end 2011. These occupancy increases are coming from the redevelopment at Shoppers World, the retenanting at Huntington Shopping Center where Nordstrom Rack, Ulta and Tillys have been delivered. And the backdoor of the Borders locations at both the Santana Row and Friendship Center. The bulk of the financial impact of these occupancy improvements will be seen in fourth quarter results. Cash basis reach all of our expectations for 2012 remain in the 10% to 15%. Same-center property operating income growth in the 5% range including (inaudible) and increased common shares outstanding reflecting about 90 million of shares issued through the ATM for the entire year 2011. Lastly our continued strong performance and outlook led us to increase our quarterly common dividend for the 45th consecutive year. We increased our dividend by $0.04 per quarter of 5.8% from $0.69 to $0.73, resulting in an annualized cash dividend of $2.92 per share. The increase is consistent with our plan to pay out 100% of taxable income, comes after raising the quarterly dividend by a penny in 2010, and $0.02 in 2011. A record of 45 consecutive years of dividend increase as well as the fact that we always pay those dividends in cash is the best indicator of the strength and stability of our core portfolio and our balanced investment strategy which will provide a consistently improving result over a very long period of time. This record in the REIT sector was also ranks us 21st among all publically traded companies in the U.S., this is a tremendous source pride for our Board Trustees, management and employees. Finally I just want to thank all of you for the support Ive received since the announcement of CFO transition. I have enjoyed all of my almost 12 years at Federal Realty and extremely proud of the accomplishments my team have had especially navigating through the financial crisis over my four years here as CFO. I built a great team here at Federal Realty that I now will continue to execute to support the business strategy going forward. I couldnt be happier to hand the reigns of our financial organization to somebody that I know as well as Jim and trust so much. I look forward to hopefully working with many of you again in next (inaudible). With that, Ill turn it over to Dawn.
Dawn Becker: Thanks Andy, good morning everybody. A very eventful quarter and frankly month of July for Federal in so many ways and one that really set us well for the next few years. First we ask Jim Taylor as you know to bring a deep industry experience to Federal and join our senior team as Chief Financial Officer. We executed $250 million 10-year unsecured bond deal, the lowest coupon ever done by any REIT, anywhere and anytime. We raised our quarterly dividend for REIT rerecord 40, 50 in a row and this year by significant $0.16 a share annually nearly 6%. We broke ground on our $250 million first phase Pike & Rose development here in Rockville, Maryland. At here decided not to move forward with the second Boston store on land next to our assembly road development, which we feel is a net positive to our plant and we duplicated the first quarters record earnings and feel confident enough for increased earnings guidance for 2012 to the second time in two quarters. What I like to do, talk of the quarter starts around the productivity of our total lease, since it provides the best window weve into the expectations for future cash flows. Like the first quarter, second quarter leasing was again pretty extraordinary with 106 deals for 356,000 feet of comparable space completed in average rate $36.08, 11% higher than the $32.64 it replaced. We had never done that many deals in the quarter before ever. To further put the leasing block perspective, we now leased 817,000 feet of space in the first half of 2012 companywide. We release that much G&A in the first six months of year just once before back in 2004 and those deals will generate $3.3 million of more rent annually then the deal they replaced, that boards really well for Federal for 2013 and 2014 cash flow. With that level of activities occupancy can help it go up and it did were now 94.2% leased and 93.4% physically occupied both up from last year and a quarter ago and theres certainly more room to go from there. Geographically the economy in Northern California continues to gain ground with job creation in the tech sector only benefiting our residential rent tenant along with increasing tenant sales on the retail side. Washington and Boston also continue to feel very good, but Philadelphia still marginally softer, stable just not growing well that much. Its so important to have a diversified portfolio not just by tenant concentration, but by regional concentration and retail property type, too. Acquisition activity remains light with a real active great quality product changing hands in our markets. Development side of the business thats getting much focused around here as we move through this year and next. Construction on all three of our major projects is under way. But first is our Santana Row, where were well underway on our large 70 million plus dollar 212 unit residential building. The building will be marketed by Misora at Santana Row and we expect to be done in 20 months the 2014 being the first stabilized year with the 7% plus unlevered deal. Looking forward planning is aggressively underway for additional retail, office and residential investments totaling upwards of 225 million on the Santana Row side. We hope to be underway on all of those pieces leading the full build out over the next several years. So a lot of values still to be created here. Second and across the country just outside of Boston, Assembly Row is under construction. AvalonBay is progressing on the first of their residential buildings. We began construction on the large building that will house, among other things, a parking garage and theater. And NBCA has begun track work in preparation of the new T-Stop. We expect a 2014 opening on this first phase, with the opening of the new T-Stop trailing by 6 to 12 months. Retail leasing interest has a real momentum and well be making some tenant announcements later in the year. In terms of IKEAs a recent announcement the Forgo second Boston store, area store on the land adjacent to the assembly well have some decision to make if this plays out, although be very clear that IKEAs decision was not a surprise and weve been working under the assumption that they wouldnt be building on that plot for some time. Through discussions with potential retail tenants and others we dont expect this decision can navigably impact the leasing of our product and the lease. IKEA has expressed their intention to sell the parcel and well certainly stay very close to the process but we have and all decided that will compete for it, more to come on that in that regard as we move forward to the year or next. And thirdly we recently brought Mid-Pike Plaza where the first phase of a new mixed-used development called Pike & Rose is underway. No changes to budget or timing on this one either, $250 million for the first phase with the expectations of a late 2014 opening for a couple of the mix use buildings that were doing and the larger residential building following after that. As I said earlier its surely been an active summer for us and three access in particular will impact our earnings this year and therefore our earnings guidance as Andy talked about. The first involves the frictional cost that inevitably come for the senior management change and a transition from Andy Blocher to Jim Taylor will be no different. The combination of Jim signing bonus and the severance and the duplication of the payroll for the balance of the year will result in nearly $3 million or $0.05 per share that wasnt anticipated earlier in the year. Most of their change will be recorded in the third quarter. Secondly, the combination of very favorable debt and equity markets coupled with visible capital needs for the development program that were now underway on have caused us to move up the timing of our financing. That was the reason we upside the most recent bond offering we did the $250 million from $150 million and we originally planned, why we hope to raise about $50 million or so of additional equity in the second half of the year than we first thought and then Ill probably come to the ATM program. While prudent and extremely beneficial, long term the result will be dilutive relative to our forecast by a couple of cents a share. And finally, and a testament to the quality of our locations and the resultant strong lease language that comes from that. We received a $6 million and $0.09 share payment from our tenant Safeway necessary to facilitate their sale of certain Genuardis food store locations to Giant of Carlisle. Giant of Carlisle is a unit of Royal Ahold. That payment was uncertain till a few weeks ago when the transaction was approved by the Federal Trade Commission and ultimately closed. It is an effective lease termination fees and will be reflected in property revenues in third quarter. Those three events and plans, the CFO transition costs, the cost of the incremental capital raise or to be raised and the Safeway lease fee not to mention stronger leasing and operational activity that were seeing and the net effect of increasing our expected profits this year and therefore our earnings guidance by $0.02 a share. As you can see theres lots going on for Federal in the next few years $0.5 billion in development for the initial phase of the existing retail destination that we controlled three years and operating platform firing on all cylinders, recent acquisitions with leasing and redevelopment opportunities to exploit and an open and aggressive eye for more, proud of our performance and we have still a very uneven recovery. And one more thing before I open the call to your questions. For the past dozen years Andy Blocher and I have worked side by side to some great times here at Federal along with some really great times here at Federal along with some really tough times and everything in between. Weve become good personal friends and I couldnt have more respect from him as an executive partner, Chief Financial Officer and a compassionate human being with the utmost integrity. Were going to miss him a lot. The mark you created on this company is and will continue to be evident for many, many years to come. Wish him all the best. I want to publicly thank him for being such an integral part of Federal Realty success over the last decade. I now like to take any questions that you might have.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Jeffrey Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo: Good morning guys. Yeah let me echo I guess Andy its been a pleasure working with you and I certainly wish you success in the future as well. Don, I guess as part of the CFO transition what should investors read into the hiring of Jim Taylor, is there a reason you chose from Jims background that you see a need for something may be larger or more strategic in the future or I guess is there a message there?
Don Wood: I do Jeff and there is a couple of things. First of all Jim has been a key advisor to the company with First Union to Wachovia to well and he is still for the better part of a dozen years. He knows the inside and out and I can tell you Ive got the utmost respect for his strategic advice and his business development expertise. When we took Jeff Berkes and Jeff moves to the West Coast to take on the role of President of the West Coast, I really felt like I was missing that here on the East Coast as a whole when Jeff went West and the opportunity to get somebody that our senior team knows as well as Jim somebody that knows this company as well somebody that every other CEO that Ive talked to has  who has called me has said man you took away my best advisor, I cannot tell how many people  how many CEOs Ive heard that from, the ability to have somebody like that in the CFO role is a pretty unique opportunity and one that I didnt want to pass out. I hope that helps.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo: Thats helpful and just on Assembly Row, a few questions, do you have an update for us on leasing there, I think last quarter you were saying that there is a substantial number of LOIs. How many of those become more concrete?
Don Wood: Yeah theyve all become more concrete but they havent become leases yet and or a few of them have but I dont want to just do a one off kind of thing so I want to buy another quarter or so and I want to basically give you a real good idea coming into this year, the timing has always been the end of this year we felt we had some things to announce, we will have that probably before the end of this year because thats tracking really, really nicely and so Ill lay that out for you there. I dont want you to, as you think about that project Ive got some great restaurant news, you have some great outlet news of the theaters you know is obviously locked in, I think youre going to like the merchandising plan but I want that to cook a little bit further before we start talking about that specific.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo: And on the IKEA side is there a use you do not want to see there whether or not youre involved and do you think another developer can actually be competitive for that site given the complexity of the overall project and I would argue that the city probably has considerable sway in what ultimately is put there.
Don Wood: I absolutely think another developer could be, it could be influential and are competitive rather on that side. I mean, there hasnt been a new (inaudible) up in Boston in 27 years as you know, and in a 12 acre piece of land next to, a development that boasts Federal Realty and AvalonBay have committed to, I mean thats got to be a really attractive thing, with respect to how complex it is, how entitled it needs to be, what it should be, those are all very fair points too. But, so that balance is clearly, it clearly is going to be considered by any potential owner of that land. And like I said before, we are going to look at the Jeff, not defensively, but offensively. And so, if there is a 12 acre site next to a great project that were working on, where we can pencil something that makes sense to do, then well do it, to the extent that, if that, price goes to a crazy place or the entitlement risk and the complexity and all that stuff makes it such that, there is not a deal that make any financial sense there then let somebody else do it. And thats really is truly is how I feel about it, if that, I hope that helps in your thinking, its offense with respect to a new development site there for Federal, not defense with respect to the existing assembly project.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo: Just a last question on Super Value, can you just give us any more specifics there, I think your average in place rents about $10 a square foot, I think your average anchor rent is about $16, are those situation that could trigger, I guess Ill call them redevelopments if they come back to you, or is it really just going to be more of the usual block and tackles releasing?
Don Wood: Itll be a combination of both. Were looking at eight, I guess seven different units between Acme up in the Philadelphia market and Shoppers down here and Washington things like. All of those, I cant wait I would love to get them back and what we do with respect to getting them back, well run the gamut as it normally does from replacing grocer in some cases to larger redevelopment possibilities that it opens up but when I look I am just looking down to the base rents. The base rents in total for those 10 bucks a foot, pretty on good, 10 bucks a foot in those markets that were at with 338,000 square feet making up those seven locations, yeah that will be okay.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo: Okay, thanks guys.
Don Wood: You bet.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Craig Schmidt  Bank of America: Thank you. Let me just start off wishing Andy the best of luck going forward.
Don Wood: Thanks Craig.
Craig Schmidt  Bank of America: On Valley Kenwood I believe the two of new anchors are LA Fitness and Giant Food now?
Don Wood: No, they have been there for a long time. We did LA Fitness probably 10 years ago Craig something like that and thats in Acme right, an Acme is one of the Acme location I was just referring to but we did and there is also Lord & Taylor thats in the middle of a great new, to the inside of that store and the deal we cut with Lord & Taylor allowed us to add additional retail to the front of the center on the hard corner, around the hard corner which is just getting done now or being leased, opening up that.
Craig Schmidt  Bank of America: Okay, great and on the IKEA, it would seem like you would have an advantage there because not only would you be taking advantage of the new T-Stop but, as you build Assembly Row youre going to add value and if you control the land, it seems like youd also be able to integrate that in the project.
Don Wood: I dont, I am sorry, let me let you ask your question, go ahead.
Craig Schmidt  Bank of America: No, no I just  to me it seems like as you mentioned on the previous question that youre going to be aggressive but it just seems like to me a real opportunity much the same way when people build malls they would buy the surrounding land around that site?
Andy Blocher: I couldnt agree with you more, it is. But having said that, you have seen some of the deals that have happened in real estate land over the commercial real estate land over the past year and some of them are just laying crazy and to the extent it gets just laying crazy or out and so, just in terms of how we look at it obviously were making a big bet on the 50 plus acres that we already own and control. This adjacent piece as you point out correctly makes all the, it makes all the sense for us, we should have a competitive advantage, it should work out, I feel some crazy stuff going on out there and so we gotten ourselves internally very, very comfortable on not owning it because it is going to be developed and most of the uses that will apply, if not all the uses that will apply to that, to all acres which is not appropriately known right now for a lot of those uses by the way will benefit our project next to it. So if you were going to say to me, hey Don, you can go grab and you can go put something in there and you can earn a 2.5% return on it, Id say no thank, lets somebody else go on to 2.5% return and well benefit just quite via proximity. So thats all I am saying. We will look at it offensively as a new development.
Craig Schmidt  Bank of America: Okay, thanks.
Don Wood: Yeah.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley: Hi good morning. Just on the debt deal and how that might affect your kind of your view of, I mean obviously it has some effect on you cost to capital, it is your cost to capital, but how do you think in terms of your required return on investments and both from perspective of acquisition where cap rates are obviously a lot lower but then also just your return on redevelopment?
Don Wood: Yeah Paul, its, yeah, I mean Ill tell you that very candidly, it was eye opening. I mean that is one great piece of paper for Federal Realty. And there is no doubt that with our advantage in terms of cost of capital and Jim in this role and the opportunity is that are out there that you may see us being more aggressive, youll certainly see us being more aggressive in terms of the number of things that were looking at. Whether any of those effectively turn into actual deals, actual things that we do, remains to be seen because while we do have an advantage in terms of our cost of capital, we in no way are going to get anymore lacks on the quality of that real estate, which is not going to do it. So its got to be the right product and to the extent is that right product either on the acquisition or development side, I dont know, as you know, weve got plenty of development right now to do. The, there is no doubt that $250 million at 3.14 effective yield does impact our view on our folks capital a little bit.
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley: And then, in terms of your appetite for sort of the more complex projects, given that you already have sort of a number in the works. I mean, how do you think about phasing any opportunities that would come along, I mean, would you look, would you be interested in investing in something that would really involve, starts along the same time highs as your existing projects or....
Don Wood: Yeah. Its a great question, Paul. I mean the answer is no. I mean, weve got, our plate is absolutely full right now, with respect to that. Now, and in addition by the way, the project that were working on this is not, were talking about first phases right now, were, if we do these things right, weve got, we got a reservoir of opportunity for a dozen years with respect to those. That doesnt mean that we wont look for other development opportunities in the future, but we got to get these up and operating first. On the acquisition side, either at the property level or more broadly, we will clearly be looking at a lot of stuff here.
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley: And just lastly, on occupancy, youve continuously been in 95 range, youre not there now, there has been kind of the borders and other things. But, given the quality of the portfolio and the solid same-store numbers, I mean, what kind of visibility do you have to getting back to your kind of your traditional occupancy level?
Andy Blocher: I think youll see additional occupancy gains as we move through this year. I definitely believe that 95, 95.5, for this company is pretty darn near fall off. And we used to see some of the competitors in the heyday up in 97, 97.5, frankly I think you given up rent if youre out there because you need that balance between pushing for rent in the right tenant and the vacancy is a long-term commitment. So I would Paul I, were going to see what happens with this economy over the next couple of years I can tell you right now there is good momentum. And momentum is hard to stop and so thats why we think weve got the visibility for the balance of this year, its why we raised the guidance there despite the fact of, major cost of changes you imagine additional debt cost et cetera were still able to do that. I think you should feel good.
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley: Okay thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Alex Goldfarb with Sandler ONeill. Please proceed.
Alex Goldfarb  Sandler ONeill: Hi, good morning and Ill join in the queue with people Andy, well miss you but Im sure well see you sometime in the near future.
Don Wood: Its not like I am dying.
Alex Goldfarb  Sandler ONeill: Very true, very true. Just Don, going back to Jeffs question, Jim certainly has a different background than Andy, and one is hard pressed to think of him just issuing debt once a year and doing a little ATM issuance, Id imagine he would get pretty poor doing that. Should we think about more M&A, more corporate activity portfolio acquisition, a guy with his skill set, would be ashamed not to use it, so whats your take. And then also as we think about the A minus rating, how should we think about a step up in activity balancing that with the A minus rating?
Don Wood: Thats fair. First of all Alex  I really wish you were in this room to seen Andys reaction. When you said, just doing a dead deal once a year something like that Andy is sitting there with his arms raised, so you will get a call in around noon.
Alex Goldfarb  Sandler ONeill: Sure. I cant wait for that call.
Andy Blocher: From...
Don Wood: Looks like on the JV, CFO.
Andy Blocher: But listen first of all with respect to this company, you know or I hope you know, I hope everybody on the call knows that this company is all about balance, is all about high quality real estate, a steady stream of increasing cash flow and there is no one individual other than frankly in this position because I have my job that cant change that belief and that business plan of this company. Having said that Alex clearly with Jims background, he is not going to be spending as much time on the Investor Relation side as Andy does, we will have to make sure that were covered there. But it will free up time for looking at capital allocation alternatives that as you point out with Jims background should be greater than today. That may or it may not mean that there are additional uses of the capital coming in the future, it depends on what it is that we find, the rating agencies who we met with, absolutely understand that in terms of the discipline that is a hallmark of this company and that it would be wrong to look at that change and say oh my God there is going to be a whole bunch more stuff that gets done. There is going to be the whole bunch more stuff that gets looked at, reviewed, discussed, strategically reviewed, that kind of thing. But whether happened or not, it is fits in the box of the Federal Realty business plan, that is and has always existed fundamentally.
Alex Goldfarb  Sandler ONeill: So thinking out, three years or so, you would expect Federal to look similar to as it is today or you think that it could be bigger, it could enter new markets?
Andy Blocher: Yes, yes, yes.
Alex Goldfarb  Sandler ONeill: Okay.
Andy Blocher: I dont have to say rather than kind of the longer way Id said it.
Alex Goldfarb  Sandler ONeill: Yes, its fine, okay. And then the final question is last, on the last quarters conference call, you guys spoke about your redevelopment at Huntington, having driven passed their recently, Simon is obviously well underway at Walt Whitman. You have a lot of road construction there on 110 and, Northern Parkway, what are, is there any opportunity at Melville, your asset there?
Andy Blocher: There is, its a great  as you know thats a great color. I mean the reason Simon putting money into this, into that mall is because its a very successful mall and has opportunity. The reason were putting money is to that extent is because its a terrific ancillary use of property to the mall and has a great opportunity. Melville is in the same categories there. The leases are more restrictive with respect to getting some of that stuff done. I mean as you drive by Melville, you say man this is a nice piece of land, it should be more that can happen there. There may be some day but there are lease restrictions in community points of view there. Now we have to work through and just like we do in any of our other properties, well be doing that, we are doing that and, its in this portfolio of a pretty darn good 19.5 million square feet.
Alex Goldfarb  Sandler ONeill: Okay, thank you.
Don Wood: You bet.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Joe Dazzio  JP Morgan: Good morning guys, its Joe Dazzio here, just one question so youre going to be using the ATM I guess a little bit more over the balance of the year and I was curious I guess as you look through 2015, do you have a rough estimates how much equity you think you need to raise and/or in the some kind of split you have in mind between common issuance or perhaps bringing in JV partners as a funding source.
Don Wood: All under review, Joe all under review. I can tell you that we found a lot of growth coming over the next few years and that not only comes from the developments that are underway on but it comes from the existing portfolio which is being leased up more, is performing really well. We got a lot of growth, we got a lot of stuff to do, weve got bunch of redevelopment and I mean the magic formula or part of the magic formula this company is a conservative balance sheet, no question about that. We look at all the possible opportunities that are available to us, everything from common to preferred to JV equity and kind of debt interest paying to debt, that was just done. So you should not expect to see any long-term difference in the overall capitalization of the company that doesnt mean any particular quarter or any particular year for that matter, doesnt see it spike one way or the other, it depends on the marketplace and weve got the flexibility to use all of them. I wish I can give you a better answer to that as we get a little further and evaluate the JV opportunity potentially along with the ATM, along with overnights, along with asset sales to put in there. There will more to talk about as we go forward, but I cant give you any number today.
Joe Dazzio  JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Don Wood: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Tayo Okusanya  Jefferies: Hi guys. Good morning. Just quick question regards to strategically one of the thing that FRT was focused on was again kind of moving traditionally mall based retailers over to more of the shopping center feel. And Im just kind of curious if there is any update on that initiative and if any new suspect is in regards to getting tenant to move out of the mall and more into the street mall?
Don Wood: Tayo, it is a constant focus of this company and its one that we have had pretty doing on success. And one of the things if you remember, when we talked about that, what thats all about is truly trying to create additional demand, incremental demand for our shopping centers, particularly the more urban shopping centers, the street retail stuff where weve got an easier settle that way and have an advantage of pricing effectively and tenant taxes over them all. We have examples where I can show you that the mall tenant is operating. We have better examples frankly where the mall tenants have looked at and helped us increase the  created a horse rates if you will on the, for this retail type product. And therefore, weve gotten better rents from our existing tenant valued here both. Thats not a onetime initiative, thats a business philosophy that we continue to have. We really made a focus on and about two years ago started that focus. That focus is now ingrained in Chris Weilminsters leasing department.
Tayo Okusanya  Jefferies: Got it. Thats helpful. Just wanted to add my own comments as well, Andy you will be missed and just call me anytime youre ready to go shoe shopping.
Andy Blocher: Thanks.
Don Wood: Well explore that deeper later. Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your next question comes from the line of Quentin Velleley with Citi. Please proceed.
Quentin Velleley  Citi: Hi, good morning. Just an asset specific question, in terms of Santana Row, Westfield it seems theyre getting closer to doing a pretty large redevelopment expansion, I believe department store in good and luxury in launch space. How are you sort of thinking about how that might impact Santana Row once it gets out of the ground?
Don Wood: Well, I got to tell you Quentin, Im going to ask Jeff to jump in here in a second. But, weve been competing with Westfield across the street now for 10 years in operations, there has been nice improvements that theyve made over there, there have been plans that have not happened if, its great real estate and there is always going to be opportunity at Westfield or at Santana to expand, to do something different. The nice thing about this property in Santana is it has become not particularly competitive with the mall, its a different story, its a different product thats being offered there and it has certainly solidified itself. So, when you see the tenant sales numbers that we see increasing, when youve seen the long standing dominance of its restaurant product thats there, I cant, when you see the residential premiums that were getting, the hotel premiums that were getting, I couldnt feel more positive about the future of Santana Row, no matter what happens across the street, with respect to Westfield and Jeff, I dont know if you want to add anything to that but go for it.
Jeff Berkes: Yeah, still TBD is to whether or not that happens. I think, given the positioning of the anchors on the type at (inaudible) that could be in that positive for Santana Row quite frankly. There is a lot of back and forth traffic between the property if you stand out at the entrance to Santana Row on a Saturday afternoon and look at the number of people that walk back and forth across the street its pretty impressive and having a couple of big anchors right at top of the street at Santana Row I dont think hurts us at all. But, expand on that, Dons point, we really go for in our minds what we view is a different tenant and thats a tenants thats really focused on their merchandize and their presentation that appreciates being in the kind of environment that we have here at Santana Row and weve specially over the last couple of years had great success. Weve out here today, you see big H&M, the biggest H&M in the South Bay under construction in the former border space, you see a brand new Fed store which looks just amazing and is off to a great start and weve got four other small shop restaurants in look through or four other small shop tenants have put through a restaurant under construction right now and over commitment of demand for the former H&M space and a lot of other positive things going on that are, really too premature to discuss. So, who knows whether that happens but not a huge concern from my standpoint.
Quentin Velleley  Citi: Could you maybe give us an update on any progress on potentially leasing the office space around the back there on (inaudible).
Don Wood: Yeah youre speaking of the lot 11 space
Andy Blocher: Yeah. So, from an entitlement standpoint everything is progressing as expected and on schedule. We have a council hearing next week, weve got through our planning commission here in a couple of weeks ago and got unanimous approval so from an entitlement standpoint everything is moving forward as expected, construction costs are actually shaping up to be a little bit less than what we thought when we originally got into the project but we dont have everything nailed down there and tenant demand, were out in the market, were talking to tenants, weve got interest but were not close with anybody yet. The positive momentum is here in this part of Bay area, theyre still strong so its a matter of time I think until we find the tenant thats the right fit for the building, whos got the right financial statement and well go from there, so everything is moving forward as expected.
Quentin Velleley  Citi: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from line of Rich Moore with RBC Capital. Please proceed.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital: Hi good morning guys. The other property income line in the quarter I think have some terming coming in, what was that, was that Genuardis as well or was that something different?
Andy Blocher: No, it was other lease termination fees from Espree and from 3rd Street Promenade, from facilities at Boston, at Santana, this you know Rich give me a good opportunity to talk about lease termination fees as everybody like to do, for a second. I am just sitting, looking, this year clearly well have boy a lot of lease termination fees, we view that as a wonderful thing, there are very few times when we effectively get paid up upfront for leased commitments that we dont do a whole lot better in terms of the releasing of this space, economically the combination of lease termination fees plus the new rent is often much better than before. This company always will have lease termination fees as a key part of what it does, thats because our leases are really strong. And our leases are really strong not because we have the greatest orders in the world, our leases are really strong because the properties are in great locations. And so it gives us a chance to add more leverage in terms of tenants used, lease changed, their old operations changed, they want to do a number of different things. So, the ability for us, if you look at Federal that in the last year, we had a low year in lease termination fees, we had less than $2 million. The year before that, we had $7.5 million, the year before that $6.5 million, the year before that $7.5 million. Basically over $5 million bucks a year, $5.5 million bucks a year in lease termination fees over the last five years on average. And if you look at taking that money and what has happened to those spaces in terms of the releasing. This companys value is clearly significantly more than if those original tenants stayed in the entire time. And the same thing is going to happen with respect to Genuardi this big we have said that we just got and frankly Ill be ready in next quarter to tell you I want to talk about all three of those deals with Genuardis and what that does to the future value of those properties and of Federal. So I guessed, I just want to make sure that any analyst who looks at the company understands the, how integral lease term fees are to our business because of the strength of the underlying contract, that allows us to get paid so regularly.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital: Thank you. That was a great explanation. I appreciate that. I want to ask you if I could well were talking about the Genuardis the two as I understand from the press release went to Giant and the third is vacant is that right?
Don Wood: Thats right, they are basically Giant of Carlisle assumed certain Genuardis locations in Pennsylvania but we had three Genuardis locations two in Pennsylvania in Philly and one on the Cherry Hill side on the Jersey side in Cherry Hill called (inaudible). Giant didnt pick that on up and so that is today still a Genuardis but will close. Were working hard on the releasing of that and thats one of the things though little premature Genuardis hasnt been closed there yet but Im not blowing you away before we do with that along with the other two that are in Philadelphia.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital: Okay so the, Im trying to understand exactly so the rent that you have before on the three versus the rent that you have today what is the difference in that and then how long before that changes?
Don Wood: Windwood there is new tenant that assumed the lease so no change in rents.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital: No change okay.
Don Wood: Flowertown there will be big increase in rent and Ill get more into the detail why it is later on and Cherry Hill where the Genuardis is closing will have downtown down time for the period of time and then will have a big increase in rent.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital: Okay so the time to release one of the one the one thats going down will probably take a year or something like that?
Don Wood: Yeah you can figure it 12 months sure and then well beat it.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital: Okay and what is the can you give the rough idea of what kind of lost rent are you talking about there?
Don Wood: Yeah 6-700,000 bucks a year.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital: Okay got you. Okay good thank you and then Don is there any other change besides the CFO plan or are you looking at other aspects of management or is it just a single...
Don Wood: Rich, first of all if I were, do you really think I would this conference call to announce it and number one and number two absolutely not. This is an opportunistic change, this is an opportunistic point in time when a senior advisors to the company became available to fill strategic needs and a business development need that we took advantage of. I think its good smart business personally but not the idea that it push out a lot, anything else would be wrong.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital: Okay, good, thank you.
Don Wood: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Quentin Velleley with Citi. Please proceed.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: Yeah, Michael Bilerman speaking. Can you hear me?
Don Wood: Yeah Mike.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: Just in terms of Jim, what sort of multifamily experience did you have  do you spent a lot of time multifamily with those clients?
Jim Taylor: Yeah Michael, its Jim. I did, I spend a lot of time with Long Bay and BRE, Axes and a number of the other public companies. My coverage really did focus a lot, although I ran their group, I focused a lot on both the retail and multifamily names.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: And then so I guess as you sort of think about the situation and obviously has been an advisor to the company for a long time and friendly with Don, I guess how do you sort of see Federal in that sense continuing to morph and keep on adding residential?
Don Wood: Well, I think if you know residential is a percent of the companys overall revenue kind of mid single-digits and I think that residential made sense for certain of the companys asset as a way to continue to drive value from the retail thats there but I dont expect the company will change, this will be predominantly a resale company.
Michael Bilerman  Citi: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo: Thanks, guys. And actually, Andy, dont call me if you go shoe shopping. Actually, I just had a question Don, I mean just want to circle back in this, as your response to earlier questions made, it just sound like youre kind of mixing things up there a little bit and maybe, I guess, I just want to understand that a little bit better, because a lot of people do rely on Federals consistency. Should we be anticipating by that remark, that you see maybe a shift in philosophy and how you think about leverage or you talked about begin bigger in different markets, does that mean.....
Don Wood: No, I didnt Jeff. I think, maybe I misspoke, or you misheard, or I wasnt as clear as I need to be. There is no question that the D&A that has set this company on the path that its been on for the last 10 years, will absolutely continue. That, the, only that there is no any person that can comment, other than the CEO and I dont intend to be going anywhere, that can change that philosophy. The philosophy works, I fully understand that its this steady stream of cash flow, transparency, consistency, is that is what works and never get me to change that. Having said that, there is no doubt that having someone of Jims background is going or should be able to serve up additional activity. That should only be a positive, because its not going to happen unless they are in line with that business plan, consistent with that business plan and profitable with respect to that business plan. So, I think from an investor perspective or analyst perspective in a weird kind of way if you like what Federal is then I think youre going to, then it can only be upside by additional activity going through the filter that is the same filter that is made for everyone in this. So I dont see the down.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo: Okay but thats helpful, thank you.
Don Wood: You bet.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Nathan Isbee with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning Andy just like to the echo the fun sentiments and Jim welcome.
Don Wood: Thanks.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus: Focusing on the Third Street space and, there was an eye opening trade in the press this week and another Third Street space granted Apple changes the equation and your space is smaller, but is there anything that you can do with your space to transform the value equation?
Don Wood: Well, we got a bunch of spaces on Third Street. If you look today at whether they are, at or below market, youre going to see that clearly theres a lot of money yet to me made on Third Street Promenade for us. Do we control enough of Third Street Promenade made to be able to be transformational with respect to the street probably not, probably not but when you look at the street, when you look at how its impacted by the redone mall, how it feels I can tell you were very, very bullish on the future but that future value will come primarily from releasing to some tenants who, thats one of the places where tenants want a set a flag and so there is always, Ill use the word cool, sometimes cool is cool most of the times cool is profitable. Its not likely to be transformational to the whole street because we dont control the whole street were enough of it.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay thanks and then just going back to the management change, I am going to give Andy a little more credit of being at JV CFO.
Don Wood: Thats good, because it was going to be ugly once you hung up.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus: So, Im just wondering, with Jims skill set, who is going to bring the Andy skill set to the table for you guys going forward?
Don Wood: Describe whats your....
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus: Well, it just on the...
Don Wood: (Inaudible)
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus: The capital markets the accounting et cetera?
Don Wood: Well, you havent met, the combination of Jim and a lady who I dont know how much youve met with and thats Melissa Solis, who was our Chief Accounting Officer obviously, its not going to be same as Andy, it will be different.
Andy Blocher: (Inaudible).
Andy Blocher: Well, itll be fine. And with Melissa, who you havent spent a bunch time with, but you will more and more, weve got a very, very, we got a start here, basically. And it will be very good for her carrier, itll be very good for the people that she is dealing with in the analysts and investor community to get to know her a little bit better. You know that, one of the things I love about what Andy has done with the process is, he has made sure that you know Dawn Becker, he has made sure that you know Chris Weilminster, he has made sure that you know Jeff Berkes. So, one other things we talked about years ago is, you got to see the depth here, the depth here is really one of the best assets of this company and here is an opportunity for you to get a little bit more visibility to that with Melissa.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. Thanks.
Andy Blocher: Yep.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. You may continue.
Kristina Lennox: Thank you. And this concludes our second quarter earnings conference call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kristina Lennox -  Donald C. Wood - Chief Executive Officer, President, Trustee and Chairman of Executive Investment Committee Andrew P. Blocher - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Chris Weilminster - Senior Vice President of Leasing Jeffrey S. Berkes - Former President of Federal Realty West Coast
Analysts: Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Cedric Lachance Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Stephen Bakke - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Federal Realty Investment Trust First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce the conference leader, Ms. Kristina Lennox. Ma'am, you may begin.
Kristina Lennox : Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dawn Becker, Andy Blocher, Jeff Berkes and Chris Weilminster. These and other members of our management team are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks.  Our first quarter 2012 supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to the trust's operating and financial performance. This document is currently available on our website.  Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements, and we could give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. Risks inherent in these assumptions include, but are not limited to, future economic conditions including interest rates, real estate conditions and the risks and costs of construction. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. Before I turn the call over to Don Wood, I'd like to remind you that next week on May 16 to 17, we will be sponsoring an Investor Analyst Day in San Jose. If you would like additional information, please contact me directly. And now, Don will begin our discussion of our first quarter 2012 results. Don?
Donald C. Wood: Thanks, Kristina, and good morning, everyone. A great quarter for us in so many ways from the record quarterly earnings of $1.04, to the credit upgrade from Fitch to A- and a positive outlook designation from both S&P and Moody's, to the strong double-digit lease rollover growth, to the construction starts and assembly in Santana Row, to the seamless integration of Plaza El Segundo and Montrose Crossing into the portfolio, everything came together this quarter for us quite nicely. And then the second quarter started out the same way, and so as Andy will talk about in a little bit, we're going to raise earnings guidance for the full year.  What I'd like to do is talk how the quarter starts around the productivity of our core leasing, because it provides the best window we have into the expectations for future cash flows. The first quarter was pretty extraordinary, 22 leases for 461,000 feet of comparable space completed at an average rent of $31.66, 17% higher than the $27.15 it replaces. Just to put that in perspective, we've only leased 461,000 feet of space in the 3-month period 3 times in the last 60 quarters, that's since 1997. So it'd be very helpful in 2012 and 2013 cash flows.  An important contributor to the quarterly leasing result was a very significant re-merchandising of Huntington's Shopping Center in Long Island, where we replaced Barnes & Noble and Toys R Us with new and very accretive deals with Nordstrom Rack, Alto [ph] and Chili's. While we certainly deployed capital to reconfigure, the deals make a ton of sense both financially and with the objective of improving merchandise for the benefit of the entire shopping center. Huntington is a great example of a very well-located real estate where demand does exceed supply and where we can drive economics. It sits adjacent to an assignment [ph] who's very successful, Walt Whitman Mall.  Geographically, the economy in Northern California continues to gain ground with job creation in the tech sector really benefiting our residential rents at Santana along with increasing tenant sales. Washington and Boston also continue to feel very good, while Philadelphia has flattened out in the past couple of quarters, more small-shop tenant failures relative to the other regions in Philly. You might recall from my past comments that Philly held up remarkably well during the depths of the recession, but it seems to be acting weaker now; stable, just not growing all that much. It is so important to have a diversified portfolio, not just by tenant concentration, but by regional concentration and retail property type too. The portfolio remains 93.8% leased, flat with last year but up from the fourth quarter. You should also expect physical occupancy to decline for the year as the recently executed deals begin to be delivered.  On the operating side of our business, all is clicking along very well for the time being. On the acquisition side of our business, nothing new that's imminent, though we're doing a lot of looking. But I will say that the integration of our last -- of the 2 large year-end purchases have gone very well, with meetings with both current and prospective tenants confirming our due diligence and validating our optimism about creating value at both Montrose Crossing and at Plaza El Segundo. At PES specifically, we're getting closer and more optimistic that we do, in fact, have a development that will work financially. Preliminary costs, retailer demand and rents seem to make sense on that hard corner of Rosecrans and Sepulveda. More on that in future quarters.  On the development side, construction on 2 major projects is underway with a third scheduled for a summer start. The first of that is Santana Row, where we've broken ground on our large $70 million-plus 212-unit residential building, professionally called Building 8B at the moment, and we expect it to be done in 20 months with 2014 being the first stabilized year with a 7% plus on levered yields. By the way, the 108-unit building that we completed late last year, called Levare, is already 100% leased. It took just 5 months to get there. Rents exceeded estimates and will earn an unlevered 9% return on that $34 million investment.  Looking forward at Santana, planning is aggressively underway for additional retail, office and residential investments, somewhere around -- totaling somewhere around $225 million on the Santana Row site. We hope to be underway on all of those pieces, leading to a full build-out over the next handful of years. There's a lot of value still to be created at Santana.  Second, and across the country just outside of Boston, Assembly Row is now under construction. AvalonBay is driving pilings on the first of their residential buildings. We'd begun construction on the large building that will house, among other things, a parking garage and theater, and track work has begun in preparation of the new T-stop. Expect a 2014 opening on this first phase with the opening of the new T-stop trailing by 6 to 12 months. Retail leasing interest is very strong, both from outlet tenants and restaurants and we'll start to report on and name tenants as we move through negotiations, the letters of intent, the signed deals. We're very excited to be underway at Assembly.  And thirdly over the summer, I expect to be able to report a construction start at Mid-Pike Plaza, where the first phase of our new mixed-use development called Pike & Rose will kick off. No changes to budget or timing on this one either, $250 million for the first phase with the expectation of a late 2014 opening.  As you can see, a lot's going on for Federal over the next few years: a $0.5 billion of development dollars for the initial phases of existing retail destinations that we've controlled for years; an operating platform firing on all cylinders; new acquisitions with leasing and redevelopment opportunities to exploit; and an open aggressive eye for more. We're proud of our performance in what's still a very uneven recovery.  We're really looking forward to the ICSC convention in Las Vegas later this month. We've got a lot of product to promote, what with leasing at Assembly Row and Pike & Rose in full swing, and a very proactive approach to expand our relationships and showcase opportunities throughout the portfolio, Vegas should be particularly productive this year. If you're out there, make sure you stop by and say hello. So we sure hope to see many of you at Santana Row the week before, which is just next week, as we host our first West Coast investor tour in a decade. Hope you'll come, it will be worth it.  That's it for my prepared remarks today. Great quarter, shaping up to be a great year in a modestly improving economy. Now let's hear from Andy Blocher.
Andrew P. Blocher: Thanks, Don. Good morning, everybody. The $1.04 of FFO per share in the first quarter was a record quarterly result driven by continued strong operating performance, 5.5% same-center property operating income growth excluding redevelopments and 5.9% including redevelopments, which included a continuation of low levels of bad debt, a lack of snow in the mid-Atlantic and Northeast, higher percentage rents and somewhat higher-than-normal lease term fees. The results came with no associated occupancy improvement.  Let me provide some of the details of the quarter that we can discuss the balance sheet before going through the assumptions behind our increased guidance. Minimum rent increased $7.8 million over the first quarter 2011. $1.2 million of that minimum rent increase came from the redevelopment pipeline as both Levare, the 108-unit residential building, which opened at Santana in October, is now fully leased; and 300 Santana Row, the retail office building contributed significantly to that result. The redevelopment of Escondido Promenade in Southern California where we replaced a vacant Mervyn's with a new Dick's and Ross also continued to contribute to our redevelopment performance. Minimum rent increases were net of the impact of activities that hurt current period performance, but will positively impact future performance, including taking a portion of Shoppers World out of service to make way for the redevelopment there and Mid-Pike where demolition will take place as we begin construction of Pike & Rose in the next few months. And the Huntington Shopping Center, as new vacancy was created as we execute the significant re-tenanting that Don discussed.  While not in the same-center pool, minimum rent increases also include the benefit from owning Plaza El Segundo and Montrose Crossing for the entirety of the first quarter. Net of financing, these acquisitions contributed about $0.01 to first quarter FFO per share.  Recoveries declined $1.9 million despite the addition of the acquisition properties due to lower snow removal costs in the first quarter of '12 compared to 2011. The impact of lower snow was approximately $0.01 to FFO per share when you net the lower recoveries against the lower rental expenses. We also saw an increase in percentage rent, as a number of our tenants have seen significant year-over-year sales increases particularly at Santana Row and Bethesda Row, which contributed to our 4.6% increase in rental income.  Other property income increased $2.3 million, largely from an increase in lease term fees off of historical -- historically low levels we saw in 2011. In providing our 2012 earnings guidance assumptions in November, I had indicated that we expected to see an increase in lease term fees throughout the year, and this quarter we did. On the expense side, we saw a 5.9% decrease in rental expenses despite the addition of the acquisition properties, with the bulk of it coming from the lower snow that I already discussed, as well as the continuation of our decreased levels of bad debt that we've seen from the past several quarters. The strong performance of our core portfolio, as measured by our same-center growth, is predictably noteworthy, considering the positive same-center growth that we produced on an annual basis throughout the economic downturn. There are no easy comps here.  As we anticipated, interest expense increased $3.7 million as the loans related to Plaza El Segundo and Montrose Crossing's acquisitions came online late in '11, and with the full quarter's expense from the $275 million term loan we executed in November. In total, funds from operations increased 8.8% to $66.7 million and 5.5% on a first-year basis to a record $1.04 result.  Moving on to the balance sheet for a moment, we had limited capital markets activity in the quarter, as we raised $21 million through the ATM at an average price of $96.58 in the first quarter. At the end of the quarter, we maintained approximately $50 million of excess cash on the balance sheet, we have full availability on our $400 million revolving credit facility and have great access to both debt and equity capital alternatives. With only $192 million of debt coming due in 2012 and another $197 million coming due in 2013, we remain in a great position to finance our upcoming debt maturities and fund our large pipeline in development, while maintaining our flexibility to fund additional acquisitions without negatively impacting our high-quality balance sheet.  Our diligence in managing the balance sheet was recognized by Moody's in January, when they placed our Baa1 corporate credit rating on positive outlook, followed by S&P, putting our BBB+ credit rating on positive outlook in April, and Fitch upgrading our unsecured debt rating to A- just a few days later. All of these ratings actions contemplated the quality of our real estate, the consistency of our portfolio results, but despite the economic downturn and our approach to managing both operating and financial risk over the long term. The upgrade to A- places Federal Realty in rarefied air. There's only 2 other U.S. REITs that have achieved this rating. The impact of these ratings' actions only increases the financial flexibility we have as we address our future financing.  Finally, we increased our 2012 FFO per share guidance to a range of $4.24 to $4.29. The assumption changes to the new range include a 75 to 100 basis-point increase in overall occupancy in 2012 versus a previous assumption of 50 to 75 basis points. These occupancy increases are expected as we execute the redevelopment of the Shoppers World, the re-tenanting in Huntington. And as we deliver the Border backfills about Santana Row and Friendship Center. Cash basis lease rollovers for '12 in the 10 -- or we're expecting in the 10% to 15% range, which would be the strongest rollovers we've seen since 2008. Same-center property operating income growth in the 3% to 4% range, the top end of an increase of 50 basis points from the guidance we provided last quarter and increased common shares outstanding reflecting the $21 million of shares issued through the ATM in the first quarter of '12.  We're certainly very pleased with quarter results and our prospects for the future. And with that, operator, we'll now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It sounds like there's a lot of activity surrounding your Pike & Rose site. I wonder if you could describe some of that development activity in that general area and all the things that are going on.
Donald C. Wood: Sure, Craig. The White Flint district, which encompasses -- which starts down by Lerner's mall and then comes up a hill and peaks right at the top where our property is at the corner of Old Georgetown and Rockville Pike is all under -- will be under development at some point over the next few years, because it's all part of the overall sector plan. And so there -- this will be identification, if you will, of an entire area. There are -- there's more residential list programs. Some of those other companies I'll be doing that include -- at JBG will be in there. The Lerners themselves will be in there as part of that and there are a number of other developers who are part of that project, part of the overall district. So you'll see more residential. There will be more office, and certainly more retail. And one of the things that we are doing as part of this is we've been very, very involved in this process all the way through. In fact, Evan Goldman and Don Briggs, our 2 guys who really have marshaled this thing beautifully, frankly, all the way through, have a great relationship with all the other partners. So I think if you look at this area, Craig, 10 years from now, you won't believe the transformation. But we certainly will be in the ground first in terms of new stuff as part of the district, and so we'll be delivering in 2014 ahead of most others.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And then just -- I'm just wondering if you're at a place with Assembly Row that you have a sense of the mix of restaurants, outlet tenants and other? I mean, what would the breakout be by those sort of 3 categories?
Donald C. Wood: Yes, in total, we're putting in another 325,000 square feet there, and most of it is going to be outlet. And so you'll see roughly a -- not sure I have the breakout exactly right here, 150 on outlet and then you'll see service and you'll see the theater, which takes a big piece of it. The theater itself, takes 62,000 of that away, and the rest will be service and restaurants.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy with UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Andy, I just wanted to follow up on the maturity schedule. With regard to the $175 million of notes you have coming due this summer, is that something you would look to refi in the public bond market or maybe with a bank unsecured term loan? And can you talk about sort of the potential cost of these options, if you've had preliminary discussions at all?
Andrew P. Blocher: Yes, Christy. We have the ability through the accordion feature on the term loan. That market is drying up, to some extent, on the 7-year basis. And at this point, I think it make sense for us to go as long as we possibly can based on where the market is currently. We're in a very good position where we're currently contemplating long-term debt, equity financing or a combination of both. From a near-term FFO perspective, the impact between long-term debt and equity has really minimal impact on FFO. And one of the things that we haven't seen yet is any real trading in our bonds since Fitch upgraded us to A-, and that's something that I want to get a better handle on, but indicative pricing currently on the 2 -- on the new 10-year note would probably be in the sub-4% range. And if we were to go really long and go out to, call it 30 years, we can go out and do something in the 5 1/4% range. So we're thinking through that right now. We're blessed with having a lot of options. It all comes down to the quality of the balance sheet, but we haven't affirmatively made a decision yet.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Given some of the low rates that we've seen on some of the REIT preferred deals lately, is that an option that you'd consider?
Andrew P. Blocher: Certainly, we consider everything. The issue with respect to the preferreds is, I feel like I get kind of a REIT market price with respect to the preferreds, which doesn't fully contemplate all the qualities that we have, which are reflected in things like senior unsecured notes and certainly with respect to our equity.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the lease term fees, can you attribute this quarter's volume to any specific tenants or movements within the portfolio? And I think last quarter, you gave a range of $2 million to $3 million for the year. Is that -- does that still hold?
Andrew P. Blocher: I think that the range that we're talking about is probably going to be in the $3 million to $4 million range. There were -- there was one lease term fee in particular, for a tenant down at Third Street that was the biggest part of it. It was about $1.8 million of the $2.4 million total.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then just lastly, at what point did the H&M take occupancy at Santana Row?
Donald C. Wood: H&M will be taking occupancy early this summer when we're done with our work. And they should -- we anticipate that they'll be opening in the fall of this year before the holidays.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Just following up on the upgrade to the A-, you had mentioned that this enhances your financial flexibility. But just sort of curious with the higher metrics that you need for the A-, are you guys well within those, so that if you pursue your development and redevelopment, it's really a nonissue? Or does the upgrade mean that you have to rejigger some things to stay within the new parameters?
Andrew P. Blocher: Yes, Alex, great question. One of the things that I'm most proud of with respect to our upgrade is when we sat down and met with all 3 rating agencies, we were very upfront about the development pipeline, we provided conservative guidance as to how it could potentially be funded. And the fact of the matter is, if you read through all 3 of the 2 positive outlooks and the upgrade from Fitch, it notes that we need to maintain metrics that we've effectively been maintaining for 3 to 5 years. So it's not a matter of we ran our business in order to get to this upgrade. The upgrade is a logical conclusion from the way that we've been running our business. So there are no material changes in the way that we're thinking about the balance sheet, and no changes in the way that we're running things like those development projects, which is, it's the best way that we can get there. It's just the logical outcome from the way that we're running our business.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then on the re-leasing schedule on Page 19, maybe this is from the Huntington activity, but new leases were up pretty big, renewals were sort of flattish, but TIs for both were up big from the prior quarters. Is this just Huntington or were there some other things going on in the quarter?
Donald C. Wood: Three big things, Alex, that impacted that. Huntington, for sure, had some good-sized numbers there. Also Shoppers World, where we're in the middle of that redevelopment. So technically, we got a little bit of double counting going on there, because it's in the TI number, but it's also considered on the redevelopment schedule on the capital there. But that's just kind of how it shows. Those 2 were big. And then on the renewals, the big number on the renewal was the renewal that we did decide to do for Gucci, a 10-year deal out at Santana. We did agree to a deal that did include a lot of capital, and we did that to lock them in for 10 years at the property to be able to lease off of them as sales of the rest of property continue to rise. So those 3 things were significant capital contributors. You take them out, we still have double-digit rent growth.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then just final question is when we speak to Washington, D.C. office brokers, they're pretty bearish and actually surprisingly bearish even given all the headlines. Are you seeing anything in your retail portfolio that's commensurate with the bearish activity that the office guys are talking about? Or is retail in the D.C. Metro market neighborhoods just sort of a different parallel universe and not really affected by the slowdown that's going on?
Donald C. Wood: Alex, I think that's right. I can tell you I heard the same thing, and so I've been particularly wary and trying to look for signs within the retail portfolio of softening or some of the same things that the office guys are seeing. I do not see them. And kind of the results, quarter after quarter, seem to suggest that. I will tell you that the one thing that has become crystal clear is that at least on the retail side, there's not -- the quality of the location is more important than ever, that the retailers are stepping up for the best locations. They are not stepping up nearly as much though for the secondary locations, including not even -- not taking it, because they're not taking the part -- or grabbing the lesser rent at the secondary locations. They're just ignoring the secondary locations more and more and only choosing the primary. So we haven't seen it in our portfolio, but I think if you talk to others with portfolios, you may get a different answer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Donnell with Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: If I can just -- just maybe build off Alex's question a little bit. I think, Andy, you touched on this. First, congratulations on the upgrade in the quarter. I just -- I guess, I'm curious how much of that shift was driven by just the timing of having Pike & Rose and a Sunday square materialize around the same point in time? Maybe it's important to be taking down your leverage as you have those 2 large projects going on?
Andrew P. Blocher: Yes, Jeff, I don't really see it that way. I see -- the way that we presented it to the rating agencies was very much just a balanced approach. I think that we've demonstrated that over the long term, even prior to having the ATM. I think in the previous 8 years, we have raised equity 6 times in those previous 8 years. We've been very much focused on the unsecured debt markets and not so much on the secured debt markets. I just -- I don't think that, that -- I really saw that as a possible impediment that they got very, very comfortable with, not the size and scope of the development and how those projects were coming online. So I don't necessarily view that as a positive or a negative.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And maybe just a broader question about your leverage philosophy. I mean, I know you guys just got the rating upgrades. I'm not asking you to depart from it. But for a platform that doesn't take a lot of ground-up construction risk, generally speaking, you're not an ongoing developer, traditionally, and historically, you have one of the lowest levels of variability in your core earnings. I guess I'm wondering, do you think an A- rating is sort of overkill, if you will, for the platform and maybe BBB+ is sort of more optimal for the REIT? I'm just curious of how you guys think about it.
Andrew P. Blocher: Yes, I don't necessarily know that. It depends on the REIT. I think that for us, I mean, we are a consistent performer. And like I said, the way that we think about how it is that we run the company, which leads to a strong valuation, includes things like the consistency of our earnings, the level of the same-center pool where -- the solid base for which we have eliminated exposure to development and maintaining very well leverage. So I don't know that you can look at any one of those pieces in isolation. You have to look at the entire package.
Donald C. Wood: Maybe, Jeff, just what I'd add to that is that -- and the question kind of assumes that we were looking for an A- rating and that's really not the case. I mean, the driver for us is running the business such that we can get investors comfortable with the best chance for an increasing stream of cash flows. The fact that we've done it for a long time and, of course, we're always in front of rating agencies and, of course, we always want the highest possible rating that they will give us, but it's not like the business plan changes in order to achieve a particular rating, and that's kind of what I'm trying to say. So while we're out in front of them, and we always are, by the way, not just these last few months, but regularly, obviously over the years, I think it has much more to do with their comfort in the company's conservative philosophies for a long time. And so surely, A- beats BBB+ from a cost perspective. And if we were doing things that were significantly different in the business plan to achieve that A-, I think your question has a lot more validity and it's really right on point. But we haven't changed our conservative philosophy nor we do we expect it.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: That's fair. Actually, Don, just maybe 2 more questions on ICSC. Is there anything specific you hope to depart from ICSC with, I guess, a specific goal that maybe you can share with us? And then I don't know if Berkes or Briggs is on to comment, but I'm also just curious for their sense, or maybe you can chime in on their behalf. I'm...
Donald C. Wood: Yes. Well, I won't give you -- it's not a square footage of lease that's signed or a square footage of leases to LOI or particular things like that. It is to significantly advance them all in the leasing of Assembly Row and Pike & Rose. That is the overall objective that is incremental to our normal overall objectives with respect to the rest of the portfolio, which obviously still applies. But the way ICSC is falling this year -- the way our projects are falling, if you will, in terms of construction starts, et cetera, relative to ICSC in Vegas, this should be -- it's a perfect time for us to be able to showcase what it is that we're doing and to take conversations further into the LOI phase and LOI conversations further into the lease signed phase.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And do you have a sense -- another part was I'm sure ICSC is sort of feeling better than last year and the year prior. But do you have a sense how, or a way of measuring how maybe this upcoming ISCS year maybe compares to the years prior to 2008 and '09?
Donald C. Wood: Not a clue, and let me -- not a clue. It seems like every manager has asked that every single year, every leasing person has asked that. And I can honestly tell you other than attendance numbers that I get through ICSC and how qualitatively the place feels, those are really the only measurements. It is so hard to be able to -- and you may read in the paper quotes from guys that say, "Wow, this was the greatest ICSC in the history of ICSC," or "It felt a little softer." So they're such subjective comments that the proof really is in the ensuing 6 to 9 months of lease productivity that includes ICSC as well as a whole lot of other factors. So real hard to get a gauge on what you're trying to ask.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just last question on Assembly Square. Is there a final, final date, if you will, when IKEA has to move ahead on their project? And I guess if they don't, is it fair to say that you guys are the logical buyer? I guess, I'm wondering, is there a reason why you wouldn't want to buy that land?
Donald C. Wood: You just took it a little further than I'm willing to say right now. But yes, listen, the decision by IKEA from what I understand is, if imminent is too strong, it's not too far off. It's within a few months off. I've heard rumblings that they're not going to go forward. I've heard other rumblings that they're not finished yet with their decision-making process, and it's going to be what it's going to be. I can tell you there are a number of things. With the team starting and with the response that we've gotten thus far with our leasing. It's not nearly as important as it used to be. If they don't go forward, certainly we'll want it. We certainly have an interest in what happens on that piece of real estate from a standpoint of investing on it. But I suspect we won't be alone. There'll be others that would be all over that too.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cedric Lachance with Green Street Advisory.
Cedric Lachance: About 1 year ago, you hired Michael Khouri to go after mall tenants, specifically. So looking back over the last year, can you give us a sense of the progress you've made in terms of attracting mall tenants to your properties?
Donald C. Wood: I sure can. In fact, I'm going to start and then I'm going to ask Chris to finish that. You may or may not know that Khouri was wooed over to Vornado 4 or 5 weeks ago, Cedric. I don't know if you knew that and they were able to give them a bigger job. And at least up until Steve's letter, potentially more of a future. I don't know, we'll have to see. But Khouri did a great job for us. And it wasn't only in the matter of getting mall tenants effectively to sign leases with us. But it was more that he got a lot of mall tenants to compete for spaces with existing tenants that we had. So that helped in -- I'm guessing this number, I probably should do this even a little bit better, somewhere between 25 and 30 leases where there was more competition, effectively more demand for space. Because what Khouri was bringing in to compete with are existing leasing agents for the existing tenant in the space. So even if that mall tenant didn't come in, and in a number of cases they did, the economics that we wound up being able to get from the existing tenants was significantly better, because that's what competition does. Chris, anything you want to just add?
Chris Weilminster: I would just add in that he was very productive in producing some new deals for us with smaller-unit retailers. He really helped with our North Face deal in Bethesda Row. He helped us get Chili's teed up for the deal that I mentioned at Huntington, as well as 1 or 2 more that you may hear about in the future, as well as exposure to Crazy 8s, which is a retailer that we've got in some other centers. So we -- I think Michael was very productive and it was a great program that we're following.
Cedric Lachance: Okay. And in terms of looking forward, will you be replacing him and will you continue that initiative as actively as you have over the past year?
Donald C. Wood: Cedric, it's a great question, I tried to get there before you even asked it. And we've talked about that ad nauseam here. We'd love to replace that role. Replacing that role is not easy. Finding the right person for that particular spot is not easy, and Michael fit it like a glove. So we can't just bring in, if you will, a mall guy. That kind of won't fit in over here and only takes -- only creates disharmony, if you will, on the team. So it's got to be the right guy. But we will actively look to replace that role, whether it's put together the same way we had with Michael or whether it's incorporated in a different -- within a different function with leasing, I'm not sure. But it was a very valuable role and we'll need it to keep going forward.
Cedric Lachance: Okay. And I think, Don, it looks over the past year, you've been, I think, conservative and guiding people in terms of expectations for longer-term re-leasing spreads and longer-term NOI growth. But when I look at the environment, it seems to be consistently improving. If you look back versus 1 year ago, would you say that your expectations for longer-term same-store NOI have increased? And if so, by how much do you think you've increased?
Donald C. Wood: Cedric, if you go back and you read my conference call comments starting from the third quarter of 2011, you'll see that I clearly became more bullish and more optimistic as I saw some results and some things I knew that were in the pipeline coming forward. That did improve those expectations, and that was consistent in terms of what I said in the last third quarter call, fourth quarter call and that's certainly again in this call. So clearly, I am feeling more bullish. What I'm not willing to say yet is whether I believe that over the next 5 years, over the next 7 years, that retail leasing, if you will, is out of the woods, because I don't know that yet. I want to see some more time pass. I still believe that the -- and I very much believe that the country is over retailed. I still believe that, that is the consistent and will continue to be. And so what that does is just make me and our whole team a lot more picky, if you will, about what deals we're doing, what -- from an acquisition side, from a leasing side, from a development side. Because you better be in a place where demand exceeds supply like Huntington. And there's just not -- there's a lot more places where supply exceeds demand. I wish I could tell you, move up your long-term NOI growth numbers from 2% to 2.7%, but I'm not in that frame of mind yet, I'm sorry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First of all, Andy, on the balance sheet, is there anything in earnings guidance for additional equity for the balance of the year?
Andrew P. Blocher: Yes. Mike, I tried to make it clear. Apparently, I didn't when I was answering Alex's question. From -- it's the reason why I made the comment earlier from an FFO perspective. The yield on the debt and the yield on the equity are somewhat comparable. Just from an FFO perspective, I'm not going to say that it's the same long-term cost. So both of those alternatives are contemplated within the range. Obviously, like I said earlier, we haven't seen trading in the bonds to reflect the A- rating from Fitch. I want to see that before we make a determination as to which path we're going to proceed under.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just thinking about equity over the next few years with the development pipeline, I mean, should we think of it such that you got an ATM and that's a nice way to help fund the development over time as the capital requirements come up? And maybe if there's something a little bit larger on the acquisition side, that's how you would think more about traditional equity offering to help fund that?
Andrew P. Blocher: Yes. I mean, the couple of things that would drive us from utilizing the ATM to kind of a standard way overnight type of deal would be the amount of equity that we wanted to get and the timing under which we wanted to get it. So if there is a determination that we need to get a bunch of it very, very quickly, that would be an indication of a regular way offering. The ATM has really just been a supplement to our capital-raising activities so we found useful in doing some matching and hitting the market in order to fund certain capital needs.
Donald C. Wood: The other thing I'd like to add to that, Mike, is what's your big picture, what you ought to be thinking of is that upon delivery, as those developments are put into service, we certainly expect our balance sheet to look similar to the way it looks today. And so certainly, there may be a couple of bumps along the way in terms of a bigger equity slug or a bigger debt slug depending upon the marketplace. We're going to end up where we want to end up in a very similar position than we are today, coming 3 and 4 years ago, as we -- 3 and 4 years from now.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And going back to a prior question where you're talking about CapEx, but you also touched on the leasing spreads. If we look at the new leasing spreads that I think were up about 30% or so on a cash basis, was there something, 1 or 2 tenants that was driving that as we've seen in the past? Or was it a little bit more broad based this quarter?
Donald C. Wood: No. It was -- in addition to the things I talked about before in Huntington, where we had some great leasing spreads, they are the same way at Shoppers, but we put in capital to get them. If you kind of took all that stuff out, and you look at the balance, it was definitely more broadly based. And so -- and that has been a continuation of a trend. As I say, other than Philadelphia, Philly has been flatter over the last 3 quarters, 3 and 4 quarters basically than it was earlier. So other than Philadelphia, which was pretty flat, the balance was broad based and stronger.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, okay. I wasn't sure if your comments were more specific to TIs or if you were incorporating spreads on that as well. And then last question, Andy, on the same-store NOI numbers, if you would isolate the impact of snow, I mean, how significant or how much of a change would there have been to the year-over-year comps?
Andrew P. Blocher: I mean, snow would be, call it, 50 to 75 basis points.
Donald C. Wood: [indiscernible]
Andrew P. Blocher: What Don was saying is basically $0.01 a share, but 50 to 75 basis points on the same-store growth number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Quentin Velleley with Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's actually Michael Bilerman, Quentin's here as well. Just thinking about the disbursements of capital for the development, how do you sort of see that evolving over the next sort of 2 years in terms of when the big capital outlays will come? And I'm asking that just in a sense of how we should think about the pre-funding on the equity basis, which we've sort of danced around a little bit on the call?
Donald C. Wood: It's -- I'll tell you, Mike, it is very -- it's pretty even spread when you start with the fourth quarter or so of this year. But it really gets going into the four quarters of 2013 and then the first 2 quarters or so of 2014, '13 and '14. It is pretty evenly spread, and you'll see it going out both at Assembly and you'll see it at Mid-Pike. Mid-Pike will be the bigger driver, because it is -- we're doing all of our capital, $250 million. At the same time, you'll see the residential outflow in the earlier part at Santana Row. So when you balance all this together, there won't be the need for a big chunk of capital to be funded in any particular corner. At least that's how we certainly plan it.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. So you think about $460 million of new capital, because you've already spent $88 million over the course of 7 quarters or 6 quarters?
Donald C. Wood: Yes. Use 8 quarters, because there will be a lag.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. And so you have a little bit of free cash flow that you're generating, call it $50 million a year for that. That certainly helps on an equity side. I think, Andy, you have about $140 million left on the ATM?
Andrew P. Blocher: Yes, actually, we -- either we have or we will have, as part of our new shelf registration of recharge the ATM back to $300 million.
Donald C. Wood: But we will keep using the ATM, Mike.
Andrew P. Blocher: Yes.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. Okay, so it sounds like, yes, things could go either way in terms of doing an offering and pay down existing debt and no FFO impact, just given where the stock trades. Or potentially just wait and just do ATM as you fund your development and use your free cash flow that way?
Andrew P. Blocher: Right. All -- those are basically the alternatives, correct.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And when -- the $13 million that's maturing this year, when did those maturities occur?
Andrew P. Blocher: By July. July.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In July. So it sounds like everything is going to come to a head pretty soon in terms of making decisions?
Andrew P. Blocher: That's correct. And Michael, remember, we have $50 million of excess cash on the balance sheet and an undrawn $400 million revolver. So that provides flexibility as well to the extent that marketing conditions change.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And where sort of -- in terms of the metrics that the agencies have put forth towards you in terms of debt to EBITDA, debt to a sort of gross asset value. Where is sort of their comfort range relative to the current ratings?
Andrew P. Blocher: Comfort range, I mean, I guess, Fitch most importantly, because they're the ones at A-. Kind of a 5.5 range for debt to EBITDA, fixed charge in the 3x type of range and absolute leverage about where we have it now. As I said in my earlier comments, if you go back and look historically, which I think they referenced in their release that they put out for this, you'll see that's really where we've been over the period of time, and the only time that we really got out of that is, as an example, fourth quarter of last year when we took on all of the debt with no associated EBITDA with PES and Montrose Crossing. So we are running our business the way that we would typically run our business. We just get the benefit associated with the better rating.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then Don, just in terms of next week, you sound pretty excited for the Investor Day. And going into the West Coast, you said first time in a decade to do a big tour out there for the company. What's the goal for next week? I mean, what do you want people to come back with after they've been out there and seeing the assets and heard you speak?
Donald C. Wood: Yes, I want them to see how much future potential there is at Santana Row and I want them to see how much future potential there is at West Gate and what is -- I want them to meet the West Coast team. Because I think that, look, a lot of investors are New York-based and when you do get out to California, you get out to L.A., you get out to San Francisco. And so a lot of investors still think of Santana Row as that big development project that Federal Realty did. But the bottom line is, this has been a stable operating asset now for 10 years. And showing how that has matured and when you look at how that has matured, plus now is the time to build out the balance of it over the next 5 years or something like that, I think you'll be -- I think investors will be very excited about that. I know I get very excited every time I go out there. So the ability to get a big group, I think we've got 60 or so of Federal Realty investors and some of them are our largest, most influential investors coming to that. So to be able to make that real and not just 0.5 hours in a wheat pack [ph] suite or something at NAREIT is a whole lot different. We're really excited about it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Bakke - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is Stephen here with Paul. I had a quick question about the cash rollovers. You talked about expectations of 10% to 15% in 2012. How much of a driver will junior anchor re-leasing upside be?
Andrew P. Blocher: Yes. I mean, we don't have that breakdown specifically on a go-forward basis, Stephen. I'm happy to pull it and we can...
Donald C. Wood: I can tell you, Stephen, it's always a driver. It's always going to be an important part of the lease rollover. And whenever -- basically when you look, it's pretty regularly 2/3 of what it is that we do is in renewals and 1/3 is in new leases. And that varies a little bit, but that's basically what happens throughout the company. When you look at those new leases, which is where we do expect to see some good increases in some of the deals that we're doing, they will move the numbers. They also tend to move the numbers for the small shop tenants around them. So you see -- this all hangs together in this business, particularly at Federal shopping centers, because they're not power centers. They'll have 2-year anchors with a lot of small shops around them, restaurants, other types of uses. So you'll see it all together. But clearly, junior anchors will play a big part of it.
Stephen Bakke - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great, that's helpful. Have you seen -- have you kind of been involved in any discussions about downsizing that some of the other strips and other landlords are focused on?
Donald C. Wood: No -- certainly, every conservation we have with every retailer is all around where you guys are going, what you're trying to do. We're trying to obviously match their needs with our haves, if you will. And not surprisingly, that those conversations largely start with a location. And the better the location, the more flexibility of how much, how far off prototype they'll go, whether -- how creative they're willing to be. Can we do 2 floors stuff. All that kind of stuff goes with it. But I can tell you, we're extremely involved with every retailer that we deal with in terms of understanding where it is that their next prototype is going. And certainly, it's why one of the big reasons I believe that the country's over retailed. I absolutely believe that smaller GLA is in the DNA for a lot of retailers.
Stephen Bakke - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And then my last question is could you provide an update on the acquisitions pipeline?
Donald C. Wood: Yes. As I said, I think nothing imminent right now, but lots of stuff happened out there. Is Jeff Berkes on the call from California?
Jeffrey S. Berkes: Yes, Don, I'm on. Hey, Paul. Hey, Stephen. It's like we talked about last quarter, it's slim pickings and skinny returns right now, and that really hasn't changed. And given that we had a big year last year, particularly given that we closed 2 big deals right at the end of the year, which we're very happy with, we're looking hard but don't see or haven't yet seen a real reason to stretch and pay the prices that others are paying for some of these assets, that don't have a good go-forward growth profile in our view, so we'll continue to be patient. We'll continue to use a couple of arrows in our quivers that others don't have, which is a great structuring capability and a balance sheet that allows us to take on some secured debt if we need to, and pull the trigger when we find something that we really like.
Donald C. Wood: I'd give you one real-life example. There's a -- we're not naming the property, there's a property in our backyard here in Rockville that is on the Pike, on Rockville Pike, that is being marketed that we are -- we didn't feel the same way as we felt about Montrose Crossing, which was a dominant, big piece of land, great corner, et cetera, which we would stretch for to get it done. This one is much smaller. It's much less important, frankly, to the job of leasing on the Pike. And we were in there up to a number that seemed to make sense for us and we got blown out of the water is what we hear. And so we're -- we were out it and there's a lot of other people chasing it and they're going to pay a big number. But we're pickier, it's just not dominant enough. So if we're buying it, it -- we have to be confident that demand will exceed supply, so it's got to be a dominant shopping center.
Jeffrey S. Berkes: Yes, I mean, just to put a sightly finer point on it, if we don't see a prospect of growing NOI going forward, let's forget about cap rate for a minute, because yields on everything are low right now. But if there's not a good go-forward growth story with the asset, we're not going to buy it. And we just haven't seen anything in the last few months other than the stuff we closed last year that we really liked from that perspective.
Operator: At this time, Ms. Lennox, there are no further questions. You may continue.
Kristina Lennox : Thanks and thank you, everyone, for today. We're looking forward to seeing you next week.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-16 11:03:00) =====
Executives: Kristina Lennox - IR Don Wood  President & CEO Dawn Becker  COO Andy Blocher  CFO Jeff Berkes  EVP, Western Region and President, Federal Realty West Coast Inc. Chris Weilminster  SVP, Leasing
Analysts: Geoffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley Alex Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Jeff Spector - Bank of America Christy McElroy - UBS Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets Michael Bilerman - Citigroup
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Year End 2011 Federal Realty Investment Trust Earnings Conference Call. My name is Cathy and Ill be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for todays call to Ms. Kristina Lennox. Please proceed.
Kristina Lennox: Thank you. Good morning. Id like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realtys fourth quarter year-end 2011 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call are Don Wood, Dawn Becker, Andy Blocher, Jeff Berkes, and Chris Weilminster. These and other members of our management team are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. In addition to our fourth quarter and year-end 2011 supplemental disclosure package, we also filed our 10-K yesterday. Both documents provide you with a significant amount of valuable information with respect to the Trusts 2011 operating and financial performance and both are currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed in this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although, Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realtys future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. Risks inherent in these assumptions include, but are not limited to, future economic conditions, including interest rates, real estate conditions, and the risks and costs of construction. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K, and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in depth discussion of Risk Factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operation. Before I turn the call over to Don Wood, I would like to announce that on May 16th and 17th 2012 we will be sponsoring an Analyst and Investor Day in San Jose. If you like additional information please contact me directly. And now, Don will begin our discussion of our fourth quarter and year end 2011 results. Don?
Don Wood: Thanks Kristina. Good morning everybody. About midway through 2011 I began to feel decisively more upbeat about our business and I tried to convey that optimism in my second quarter comments call remarks and then again in the third quarter remarks. Now, February 2012 the books are closed for the year and I think the improving sentiment is reflected for all to see in our 2011 results. Federal Realty had a very strong year and the momentum has carried over into January of 2012 with the signing of some key leases and a continuation of low bad debt type cost. Reported FFO per share for the year was $4 which includes some very significant acquisition expenses tied to the Montrose Crossing and Plaza El Segundo. It still grew 3.1% in 2011 and set an all-time record for Federal as did revenues at $553 million and EBITDA of $354 million. Thats an all-time record better than the heydays of 2006 and 2007 and every other year in our 50-year long history before and since. If you look at our earnings growth without those acquisitions costs, which are closed in late December by the way so there is no offsetting benefit in 2011 for the properties operations, you would see FFO per share growth of 4.4% and again thats over an all-time high last year. In the fourth quarter, the reported number of $0.97 includes $0.04 of those Montrose Crossing acquisition expenses and therefore appears to be flat with the $1.10 reported in last years fourth quarter. But remember that we had just settled our dispute with Vornado on the Pentagon Row land last year and that settlement benefitted fourth quarter 2010 by $0.03 or $0.04 too. I go through all of this only to show that the improved operating trends that we saw in the middle of 2011 carried through to the end of the year and in fact in 2012. Same center of growth for the full year was solid, just under 2% both including and excluding profit under redevelopment, it was even better for the fourth quarter, 2.7% excluding redevelopment 3.5% when including those profits. Those results were of course the result of our strong leasing results earlier in the year and last in the executed deals in the fourth quarter and they bode well for a strong 2012 too. I will talk about those deals for a minute. In the quarter 82 deals done; 74 of them for our existing comparable space at average first year new rents of $32.81 a foot compared with $29.80 a foot for the last year the previous lease, 10% increase. Two thirds of those deals were renewals and a 9% increase and one third were new tenants at a 12% increase. We saw that relative leasing strength in all three of our major geographic regions. We saw it in the North East, the Mid Atlantic and California, and we saw it among both shopping centers and mixed use properties. When adding in those fourth quarter results to the first nine months, the full-year of 2011 saw us complete 362 deals for over $1.4 million square feet of space. Most of those deals were done in space for which there had been an expiring leasing in place, and were done in average rent of $30.57, 9% more in the previous deal. 2012 and 2013 will be the beneficiary of those new leases. One of those deals was with Anthropology to take a chunk of the former Borders book space in Old Town Los Gatos. Then after year-end, we also made a great new deal with H&M to take the entirety of the Borders space at Santana Row. In both cases, rent on the new deals we exceed the Borders rent, two down two to go in terms of backfilling our four Borders locations and we are very close to a lease signing on the third one. When you think about the analyzing Federal, its helpful to consider the stability of our operating portfolio and then focus on the growth initiatives embodied in our development and redevelopment pipeline, as well as the new acquisitions. Because the operating portfolio generates operating earnings north of $380 million annually and generally grows at 2% plus each year, we feel comfortable supplementing that portfolio with development capital allocations of nearly $500 million to mixed-used construction on our existing sites at Assembly Row, Pike & Rose, and Santana Row. Projects that we are optimistic will fit right in with our existing portfolio increased significant value as they stabilize and grow.  Similarly, the acquisition of over $300 million of real estate interest in Plaza El Segundo in Greater Los Angeles and Montrose Crossing in Rockville, Maryland further signifies the operating portfolio and provides a raw material for future redevelopment. Getting all that going and prepared for inclusion in 2012 was a big part of our focus in '11 and I think thats put us in a fine position to have a very productive 2012 subject to Europe or some other anticipate crisis throwing our economy off track. Thats why we raised our guidance. So lets first talk about the developments. Later this month, we'll begin construction on project 8B at Santana Row. Its a $70 million residential building housing 220 apartments right behind the main retail street. Given the success of all other residential at Santana most recently borne out last years project we did, we are optimistic that we will be able to generate yields in the 7% plus range upon stabilization in a couple of years. We are also making some very good progress in completing planning for the remaining build out Santana of additional office, additional residential and retail at the end of the row. Stay tuned for more in the coming quarters. At Assembly, as we announced last month our deal with AvalonBay is closed. All the T-stop hurdles have been satisfied, our lease with AMC for a state of the art 12-screen theatre has been signed, and construction on all fronts will began by the end of this quarter. We have allocated approximately $160 million in capital to this first phase where we expect the delivering space to retail tenants in 2014 with stabilization at some point 2015. Come a long way at Assembly, and while our first phase will yield somewhere in the 6% range initially, we are very optimistic about the value we are creating here over the mid and the long-term. The leasing interest from both outlet tenants and restaurants in this project has been incredible or varying. Later in 2012, we expect to begin construction of Pike & Rose currently you know it as Mid-Pike Shopping Center in Rockville, Maryland. We were committing capital approximating $250 million for the first phase of the project that will include roughly 500 residential units, 80,000 square feet of office, and 150,000 square feet of brand new retail. We are looking at 8% plus returns here, and 2014, 2015 rent starts is very unique makes these project in one of the best intersections in D.C., in the D.C. Metropolitan area. All in all nearly $500 million in a accretive developments beginning in a few years at locations where we are already operating and know well. On the acquisition side, we finally closed our deal at Plaza El Segundo and we are thrilled to have this iconic shopping center added to our West Coast portfolio. We are currently evaluating the development opportunities thats at a hard corner of Sepulveda and Rosecrans adjacent to the existing shopping center for an incremental 70,000 feet or so restaurant and retial. And in Rockville, Maryland, we are finally able to get control of 89.9% of Montrose Crossing, the 366,000 square foot regional power center on 38 acres across the street from Pike & Rose, the Pike& Rose development on Rockville site. With the addition of Montrose Crossing, which has been on our acquisition hit list for decades. We now control over 1.2 million square feet of retail, within a mile stretch on the Pike. Its anchored by Giant Foods, Marshalls, Sports Authority, Old Navy, and Barnes and Noble, among others and we believe that the rents are generally below market. We acquired Montrose Crossing in a low 5% yield for $127 million thats our 89.9% and we obviously included it as well as Plaza El Segundo in the full guidance that Andy will go through in a minute. Thats it. A very active development and acquisition year in 2011, in addition to a core portfolio that continues to provide all the stability that you could ask for, from retail real estate in the post 2007 economy. Everything we see at this point suggests 2012 will give us more of the same out of the core that allow to focus hard on development and execution. The path and visibility of this company towards further value creation is I think extraordinary. Im going to now turn it over the Andy and then well open up lines for your questions.
Andy Blocher:  Thanks, Don, and good morning everyone. Im going to run through a number of the drivers that led to the strong results that Don discussed before going through a recent financing and then providing some detail on our improved 2012 guidance. Our record 2011 FFO per share was driven by our solid core operations, improvements in bad debt, a redevelopment impacts from a couple of key properties. These results came despite some significant current year costs, as we position Federal Realty for future growth, including $3.4 million of closing costs associated with new high quality acquisitions. Let me provide some of the details. Total property revenue was up $11.3 million with a lions share coming from the same center pool, as well as year-over-year improvements at Hampden Lane in Bethesda, Escondido Promenade as we continue to benefit from the Ross and Six deals in the former vacant Mervyn's box. In Santana Row, as the retail and office building, 300 Santana Row continues to provide strong year-over-year results and as the new 108 unit residential building Levare came on line in October. Property revenue was negatively impacted by $5.7 million decrease in lease termination fees versus 2010. Lease term fees has always been recurring part of our financial results and the $1.8 million of lease termination fee income in 2011 was the lowest level we've seen since 2003 and was less than half of our 10 year average. For the year, $3.7 million reduction of bad debt expense with some primary contributor in the lower rental expenses, reflecting our continued strong corporate collections efforts as well as generally improving economic conditions. A $6.5 million decrease in interest expense was driven by a 30 basis point decrease in weighted average rate over the course of the year, and full year G&A increases came largely from the $2.4 million of closing costs on Montrose Crossing in the fourth quarter, as well as $1 million associated with Plaza El Segundo that were expensed throughout the year. In total, FFO was up 5.2% while FFO per share was up 3.1% to a record $4 per share result. As our weighted average account increased as we issued 1.7 million common shares through the ATM in the first nine months of 2011. Fourth quarter 2011 results were driven by the same factors as the full year result, but were disproportionately impacted by the significant acquisition closing costs in the quarter, as well as tough comps related in the fourth quarter 2010 ground rent. Minimum rent increases for the quarter benefitted from the new Santana Row residential units. On the acquisition side, we received full benefit of this January 2011 acquisition of Tower Shops in the quarter, but Plaza El Segundo and Montrose only contributed nominally operating results due to their late December closings. The rental expenses continue to benefit from improvements in bad debt. Interest expense was up $0.5 million as a result of higher average balances outstanding and the $2.2 million increase in G&A was almost entirely attributable to closing costs associated with our acquisition of Montrose Crossing in December. On to the balance sheet, it was an active quarter with respect to borrowing and assuming debt. On our last quarters call, we discussed that we are in the market with a new seven year term loan. We expected to size that deal of $200 million at a rate of approximately 3.5%. Our actual execution benefited from better subscription and a favorable debt market conditions. In November, we closed on our new $275 million seven year term loan, at a rate of LIBOR cost 145. At closing we swapped our $275 million of LIBOR exposure through November 1, 2018 for a fixed rate of 1.72%, effectively fixing the rate on the term loan at 3.17%  In connection with both Montrose Crossing and Plaza El Segundo, we assumed debt with our acquisition of controlling interests in both transactions. In the case of Montrose Crossing, the $80 million, 10-year mortgage was placed on the asset in closing, bears interest at 4.2%. At Plaza El Segundo, we assumed our pro rata portion of the existing $175 million of secured debt associated with the property at a rate of 6.3%. The Plaza El Segundo debt matures in August 2017. Both assets have been consolidated on our balance sheet, as have the entirety of their debt balances. Finally, we didn't utilize the ATM in the fourth quarter, but in total issued 1.7 million shares at a weighted average price of over $85 throughout 2011. The ATM is proven to be a great tool to manage our balance sheet and liquidity throughout the year. Even with the assumption of secured debt associated with the recent acquisition, the balance sheet remains in great shape with fixed charge coverage north of three times, debt-to-EBITDA in the mid five and a leverage on a booked basis at 44% and 27% on a market capitalization basis. In addition, we were sitting on $50 million of excess cash at year end and have less than $200 million of debt maturities in 2012, and no outstanding balances on our $400 million line of credit. Our long-term balance sheet management with a competitive advantage in being able to absorb the secured debt in both Montrose and Plaza El Segundo and was recognized in January by Moody's, who placed our Baa1 rating on positive outlook. With fourth-quarter behind us, let me give you some perspective on how we are thinking about 2012 performance drivers. Don spent some time talking about acquisitions and developments, but our internal growth in 2012 will benefit from a lot of the hard work we have done from a leasing and operations perspective over the past several years. Leasing deals for previously vacant space will be delivered in 2012 including a new 45,000 square foot [LA Fitness] in the previous Circuit City of Quince Orchard a new 38,000 square foot grocery store in the Safeway Box at Westgate Mall at higher rents, both in the first half of the year. And the new 25,000 square foot Dawson's Market grocery store, at Rockville Town Square that is expected to be open for business in the second half of 2012. These deals as well as a host of others are expected to drive 50 to 75 basis point occupancy improvement over the course of 2012. That occupancy improvement will be heavily weighted to the second half of the year. We will continue to see positive redevelopment impacts from both our residential building and the retail and office buildings at Santana Row and the Dixon Ross deals at Escondido Promenade as these projects will be operational for the entirety of 2012. And we will get rent increases were strong new and renewal leases that will take effect over the course of the year such as a new lease with Michael's and renewal with Lord & Taylor, both at significantly higher rents at Bala Cynwyd in Philadelphia, and the impact associated with the new fresh market at Congressional which held a grand opening in mid January. These positives will be somewhat offset by new vacancy as we make way for future growth through redevelopment and re-tenanting opportunities including taking about a quarter of Mid-Pike out of service in 2012 as we progress with a significant development of Pike & Rose on that side. Recent vacancies of previous Toys R Us and Barnes & Noble spaces at Huntington Shopping Center in Long Island which paved the way for better merchandising opportunities the higher rents for that property, and Shoppers World in Shortsville Virginia as we progress with the redevelopment there. Taken together these intacts provide the basis for an improved outlook for same center growth in the 3% range for 2012. This improvement in our quarter outlook was an incremental $0.02 per share increase associated with the acquisition of Montrose Crossing which was not included in our previous guidance allows us to raise our FFO per share guidance to a range of $4.19 to $4.25. The record 2011 results that we reported yesterday are a testament to the quality of our operating decisions over the past few years. In addition our portfolio is well-positioned for the future with additional opportunities for core growth through occupancy and roll over, a growing pipeline of very real near term development and redevelopment opportunities to supplement that core growth, and a balance sheet which provides the flexibility to take advantage of market opportunities to fund our business effectively going forward. Operator, we will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from the line of Geoffrey Donnelly of Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Geoffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo: Good morning guys, just a few questions. Don, what interest would you guys have in maybe looking to sell off or monetize your multifamily even on a ground lease basis because that could allow you to control a long term the directional land that may be kinda capitalizing some of the pricing and you know, you can recycle some of that capital?
Don Wood: Yeah, Geoff, thats a fair point. Listen most of what we -- most of what we built we are building a condos back, we are building at the quality in such and it has been added and set up to be able to sell at the appropriate time. What -- because we dont go out and do residential on a standalone basis basically we wanted -- because its included in the fabric of the retail development that we are in, it's really important that we control it, we know what it looks like, we know what it feels like, and frankly that is that we get the NOI from the rents for period of time and see how it all plays out. So, there is a balance between doing it you know today when, when a lot of it is not done and ready yet. We did obviously a few years ago exactly that with Santana, the first 200 units on top of building three. We would do that with more of Santana coming up. We want to see how it all plays out for us and we want to be the beneficiary of the income for a while I assume. The rest are strong.
Geoffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo: And I guess maybe taken some of the mix of these projects, whats the latest on IKEA at Assembly Square, are they starting construction; I apologize if I missed that in your remarks?
Don Wood: No, you havent and you wont miss it, because were now to all over the place, if not at our land, if this -- if it happened. They put off basically making any of this -- any decision all for about two years in the middle of the recession. We expect an answer if not to us, they expect to make a decision and announce it to both the public and the city in the next, what is it Dawn, next 60, 90 days actually. Right.
Dawn Becker: Thats probably a little bit though.
Don Wood: So were close. Theyve not said yes. Now they may say no, were not doing it. And while IKEA at Assembly would clearly be a good thing, I mean there is no question about it. It brings in lots of traffic, lots of people to the area. I can tell you that the momentum that were getting on both the leasing side, obviously the announcement of the peak, without IKEA out there has made it, so theyre less important to the project and obviously we work that hard. So I hope they do it, well they dont exactly in a little while.
Geoffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo: And does the acquisition Montrose factor into the Whiteland, I guess the Whiteland sector plan or is that more of a future save?
Don Wood: Not particularly. Its actually -- actually its outside of it, isnt it just barely outside of this the?
Dawn Becker: It is. Its just outside the boundaries of the sector plan that were going to be developing Pike & Rose under. And its part of the sector plan two, which will be coming shortly.
Don Wood: Yeah. But the bigger thing for us Jeff and I know, you know this area well. When you now control Congressional Plaza, Federal Plaza, Montrose Crossing, Pike & Rose, directly across the street, why would just down the street, Rockville comes there up the street I mean its pretty compelling. I mean we have to have that effort.
Geoffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo: And then, thats why I wanted to ask questions is -- do you -- I think I asked you this last quarter but it was not where you thought to be really allowing assets transacted. Im just curious kind of what youre thinking as far as cap rate there because Im trying to figure out if you think there is any applicability maybe to some of your other sort of main street type portfolios like Santano or Third Street Promenade?
Don Wood: I thought I had said it last time, maybe I didnt. But I mean there it went for a sub four basically in the first year. Now theyll certainly lease up to do. And that lease up, we looked at it, got it out to maybe a five in a number of years. And I dont remember the numbers exactly but its something  its something like that. I dont know that that you can take and drill a straight correlation to any other particular asset. I mean there are obviously every transaction has some very specifics in terms of the buyer and what were trying to accomplish. But, you know, what you cant ignore Jeff and I think youre I dont know if youre alluding to this or not, but as investors today youre trying to figure out where they can add value to real estate. There is just no question that the heavily in-fill particularly year then streets like this with a mixed-use component have great futures. And they got to be in the right palaces like everything else. But when youre underwriting something youve got a chance of making your investment work from an IRR perspective to the extent youre in places like that. So of course, theyre going from very low initial cap rates, its not really very much different than what you see in the residential area today for good comment to have sub five stuff happening a lot. And so, I dont, I wont say you can take that and apply to every other situation. But when you look at retail real estate and you talk about values, youre always going to get a lot more demand and ability to push prices higher for newer street type of assets and does that apply to Santana Row, does that apply to Bethesda Row, I certainly think it does. Does it apply everywhere I dont now? I mean theyre very individual decisions.
Geoffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo: And just the last question for Andy is, whats the guidance for maybe accessing ATM in 2012?
Andy Blocher: Jeff at this point, kind of the incremental cost of the ATM relative to our debt is, its really pretty comparable. So we havent made a decision with respect to which way were going to go. But it shouldnt have a material impact on guidance based on absolute rate. It will have -- it could have a potential impact based on timing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley: On, Don you mentioned the low five CapEx at Montrose and I know that was strategic for you. It doesnt sound like there is kind of much to be done or you necessarily look too much on redevelopment their near-term given what you guided at Pike & Rose. But I mean how should I think of that as sort of your appetite for sort of low five cap yield right now?
Don Wood: First thing you should think about Paul is the ability to put 38 acres together on the corner of a street light that. 38 acres. This isnt a strip shopping center that 8 acres, 10 acres, or 12 acres, 38. And so, when I look at that, and I look at obviously the first thing we look at is the rates that are in place, where they can go from their, whether theyre going to be rolling down, what the story is their. And were very comfortable that generally the rents were below market there. So thats a really important thing in and of itself. But secondly youre absolutely right. There isnt going to be construction starting on a residential project or anything else on that 38 acres in the next six months. But dont count that out in the mid-term. I mean Ive kind of said this a lot over the past, in the past and I so believe it more and more and more. Bigger pieces of land give you more flexibility and more opportunities to do things, even if theyre under ratable, thats the word, not under ratable at the time of acquisition. Montrose is no different to that. I think youre going to love the 10-year IRR on Montrose Crossing.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley:  Okay, great. And then on the development high point I mean youve had some definite successes in terms of pacing things and getting building a lot of momentum in several of those projects at the same time. How do you thing about from a risk perspective, what your comfort zone is in terms of the size of the pipeline relative to your base and how much would you look to grow that and would that be a constraint on acquisition opportunities that might have a multiphase mix use as part of that in the near-term?
Don Wood:  Paul its a great question and its one that we are very, very attuned to. I never want you to think of us, as you know primarily a development company or primarily a company thats an acquisition company and its why am I remark like that. I try to make a big point because I really believe it, in the $380 million bucks that we do year in and year out are growing but that kind of a base on the core property. With that kind of a base Im absolutely willing to take the kind of risk that we have on Assembly and Mid-Pike and Santana, I think you would too. But as a general rule youre never going to see more than 20% of the focus of this company being on acquisitions and redevelopment. Its basically a core plus kind of initiative here with great stuff that you can kind of count on to that stability, but the ability to do an Assembly, the ability to do a Mid-Pike, you wont us adding three more of those things within the next year or two. Well see how that -- even as the first phase of those projects get going there is still well over a $1 billion left thats going to go on those pieces of land after we get the first phases done. And so how much of thats going to be ours, how much of thats going to be a partner. Lets see how the first phase does. And so the ability to be able to kind of balance and that is a big word with me. But balance this business plan between that level of risk on development and acquisition commences with a $380 million stable core portfolio is about what you should kind of expect. I hope thats helpful; I know it does not exactly quantify the way you like, but thats how I think about it
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley: No, its a good color. And then just last on you know you got great portfolios in both D.C. and Silicon Valley and there is a lot of talk and certainly in the office, in the apartment market about a shift in strength, Silicon Valley being very strong in both, D.C. decelerating in both, I know the retail is different in lot of respects, are you -- how are you seeing that play out in terms of your portfolio?
Don Wood: Well I got to tell you, and I am going to start with Silicon Valley first. Silicon Valley clearly has led, actually in the markets we are in, led us out of recession. The first bits of strength that we saw and continue to see come out of Silicon Valley. It's why we were able to build the first residential project that we did and put into service last year and beat the rents and beat the budget and beat the timing. I mean it is its why we have now moved forward very quickly on the second residential piece, it's why we got some great traction going on right now but its too early to talk about -- about the end of the Street retail wise and maybe even office wise out there. So when I think about Silicon Valley, whats happening out there will allow us to over the right time now build outs and completely. We should if this market continues the way it goes in the next four or five years we should be built out (inaudible) not a lot more stuff to do, but thats because of the strength of the Silicon Valley. In Washington, in the Washington region I will tell you I dont know whats going to happen going forward certainly as it relates to government spending and jobs, but if you take a look at what has happened so far and what we are forecasting we see very strong, very strong demand for our properties here. I dont see that changing. I really think I kind of said this in the past I am going to repeat it, short loss in Washington DC at your own peril. It is just too strong and deep and vibrant market to -- it's not a Washington of 1968, there is a very, very strong business base here that frankly has gotten stronger and stronger. I dont want to see it changing.
Operator: Our next question comes on line of Alex Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed
Alex Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: Just going to the capital front, Andy, you have the $175 million 6% coming due in July the unsecured term loan market you guys have demonstrated and others have, remains very competitive very attractive. And then you guys have all the development and redevelopment spend. So, just trying to get a sense for what your thoughts are on replacing the $175 million and if it would be materially upside just given your funding needs for the development?
Andy Blocher: Yeah, I mean, Alex, as I try to sit with the conversation which, I mean, we've got a fully under online that we can utilize. We have access through the ATM. We have long term debt options, I mean, they are long term assets, we want to fund them on a long-term basis. And the difference in cost between an incremental FFO yield on the new equity relative to what it is that we are seeing 10-year unsecured are kind of low to mid 4s. We have to wait and see how the markets react and how the year treats us and we'll make the decisions along the way but I dont think that its going to have a material impact one way or the other earnings estimate. Thats why we also gave you a range.
Alex Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: Okay, but as far as I guess keeping the debt investors happy do you feel keep compelled that you have to come to market every few years or if you take a few years off I guess they will still love you regardless?
Don Wood: Well, those are your words, not mine. But, yeah, I mean I dont feel a need for us to be in the unsecured market once a year, once every other year. It's a great place -- I feel like our relationships with the fixed income investors are very, very strong. We've seen some real positives the deposit outlook that we got Moody's that can be a real positive there, which is we're constantly evaluating what our alternatives are. And then we look at where our funding needs are and we pick the best choice, and I think that we've demonstrated that we've been very good at doing them.
Alex Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill:  Okay, so just continuing that on the capital front, if we look towards the dividend just given all your access, the availability of capital right now is something like a 7% dividend increase is that sort of upper single digits is that reasonable or is it focused to retain more cash for the internal uses? 
Andy Blocher:  Yeah, Alex, from our perspective our goal is always the way that we try to target it is paying out a 100% of taxable income. Taxable income is growing at a slower rate than you are seeing FFO. So, 7% to me right now seems very, very strong, but I absolutely see the dividend record continuing and if we have the ability to push it more than the penny or two per quarter that we've seen and we'll try to do that.
Don Wood: Alex, keep an eye on this year. Obviously its a very busy -- obviously the economy is still fragile and we're going into a significant development period. So, those two things create caution. Having said that, this is a recovery. We are -- we can call it a fragile recovery, we could call it reversible and all that, but it's clearly a recovery and so, the more confidence we get, the more likely we are to increase that dividend above what weve done last year, so.
Alex Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: Okay. Just a final question. On the disposition front, just given the appetite for quality centers, you have a few centers in the Chicago area, in Illinois, and then one in Michigan. There arent markets that we typically hear you guys talking about a lot. Is this also maybe taking advantage of the strong demand for assets, and using that as a source of liquidity?
Andy Blocher: There is, Alex -- Alex its a very good point. What has happened and we look at that for quite some time. What has happened is weve regularly been surprised by, been able to do better than we thought we could on those properties. And so, the idea of okay lets get that lease tied up, lets get the income to one of the strongest points. Frankly although weve held this back a little bit, but strategically youre exactly right. We very likely will not be in Chicago or certainly Detroit in any kind of a big way. And so, you may see that going forward. I dont want to say that any decisions are made; it is not up in that way. But we certainly will look at it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector of Bank of America. Please proceed.
Jeff Spector - Bank of America: A follow-up question to Alexs. I guess, could you talk about Florida a little bit in particular I know just a couple of years ago you bought was it Del Mar Village in book. I guess anything happening there, that you see more opportunities or is that not one of the core markets?
Don Wood: No it is. Ill say it is and I appreciate you asking that, Jeff. We like Florida and we like the East Coast of Florida a lot. Now with respect Del Mar in
Andy Blocher: Wellington.
Don Wood: Yeah, good in Wellington we could not have bought it overtime. And believe me, if this company was made up of those two -- those two assets you wouldnt be investing very much because it is theyre absolutely not creating value, in fact theyre destroying value as we roll leases down. And Im really happy that we dont own a lot more that is that stuff that would go off with a high basis, so well four or five, six and seven. Compare that to the acquisition of the Tower Shop, which is much more of a Regional Center that we bought this year and its like night and day. It continues to show us that that its just plane with whatever market youre in you got to be in the best, in the best properties. You have to be in those places, where you can create retailer demand, small shop demand in Florida at least in those two properties remains weak, and frankly, too much small space, small shops space for the market place. And yet it if were to show you the results from Tower Shops between what we paid for and the reason leasing that we have done is you would say, my god, this cant be in the same markets. So, its very good. We absolutely continue to look and I think we will be successful in being able to buy more in those three counties. We are very bullish on it long-term, but you got other right properties.
Jeff Spector - Bank of America: And a follow-up, so I guess your comment about small shops, Don. There has been a lot of discussions about the mom-and-pops and whether mom and pops are recovering or not. And I guess from our broker contacts, I think its been a little bit less recovery with mom-and-pops more on maybe the small boxes national tenants taking 5,000 to 10,000 square feet, I guess can you talk about that a little bit?
Don Wood: Yeah, I think thats -- listen, I think thats a fair point globally. I think globally, if you were to ask us, are we having more luck and making more progress with the DSWs, the TJ Maxxs, the Rosses, Nordstrom Racks, (inaudible) those type of national 10,000 to 30,000 foot tenants, the answer is absolutely very, very strong, particularly in the great locations. And when you compare and contrast that to small shops, there is absolutely more weakness. And although within that, when you talk about quick service restaurants and food uses really great. But the service type of stuff in the soft goods is weaker. But again, that is a global common, and you really got to take that down to the individual markets and the individual centers in that market. And in that we see a very wide variety and not unlike the rest of the stuff, the better the quality of the real estate the more luck and successfully have it.
Jeff Spector - Bank of America: And then, understanding Pike very well, I definitely appreciate your comments about the strategic acquisition with Montrose. Maybe it would be a little helpful, could you provide any more comments on, when you say, the leases are below market, are you talking about some of the big box tenants you mentioned, some of the smaller spaces there, timing, can you quantity that at all?
Don Wood: Can I do it here? I dont -- I cant do it really well here, I can tell you overall, that we are looking about four or five bucks below market based on our guesses of market. There are a number of leases that coming up in the next couple of years that we are going to big pops on. So thats great, I mean, I dont want to talk about the restaurant pattern front, but there is a good example, right, as something right that will be in shorter term. When you look at the numbers that the boxes are doing there, its a wonderful thing in terms of the ability for those tenants to renew when they are up at significantly higher rents. So, I feel great about that. If maybe we can do this down at City Group in Florida, maybe we can do this at Mary, but well have something prepared on Montrose that gives you better visibility towards where were trying to take it.
Jeff Spector - Bank of America: Okay last question for Andy. Andy, you mentioned improvements in bad debt. I guess is there anything interesting in that, you know that trend to talk about, whether its regions or types of tenants?
Andy Blocher: Not really, I think that weve done a very good job of you know improving our collection efforts internally and I think that weve been pretty conservative with respect to reserving the tenant issues that have been out there and what you see over the course of 2011 was the culmination of those efforts.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy of UBS. Please proceed.
Christy McElroy - UBS: Andy, Im wondering if you could quantify the dilutive impacts on FFO in '12 versus '11 and I guess taking the quarter proportion of Mid-Pike out of service and also kind of aggregating with the other sort of re-tenanting stuff that youre doing?
Andy Blocher: $1.5 million or so? $0.02?
Don Wood: Yeah, it probably about right.
Andy Blocher: $0.02, $0.025.
Christy McElroy - UBS: $0.02? And how does the timing work in terms of that space coming off line versus other lease up there because I think your forecasting sort of slight up 50 occupancies for the year? How shall we think about the movement of that?
Don Wood: Second half, Christie, I think if you look at that coming out you should be -- we should start construction on Mid-Pike gosh late summer, right. So the September-October time period is where were looking now to get the thing to do and some prices to get nailed down. The trickier part is you know the other tenants, keeping the other tenants going in the part of the center thats not being demolished and the timing there is going to be more month to month. So if I were looking at that, I would kind expect some stuff going down mid-year and kind of rolling in the second half.
Christy McElroy - UBS: Okay, and then you had provided I think same store NOI guidance of about 3% for this year. So if I look at the same store NOI growth including redevelopment versus excluding redevelopment because of sort of that the Pike & Rose and the other stuff, which one is the 3% and how shall we be thinking about them relevant to each other?
Andy Blocher: Yeah, I know. The 3% is the including redevelopment and that will absolutely be negatively impacted associated with things like the Mid-Pike coming offline, but certainly it will be possibly impacted by things like up full a year have been proving operations over as Santana Row and a couple of the other redevelopment projects.
Christy McElroy - UBS: So the excluding redevelopment number should be higher?
Andy Blocher: No, I think that the excluding -- it should be pretty typical. I think that the excluding redevelopment would probably be in the mid 2s and youll see the including redevelopment in the 3s.
Christy McElroy - UBS: And can you remind me what kind of financing whether its constructive financing or other, do you expect to put in place for Pike & Rose and Assembly Row?
Andy Blocher: Our expectation is that we are going to do that corporately. We have no anticipation that we are going to do construction, financing. Its the reason why we manage our balance sheet the way that we do because of the ultimate flexibility for us to go on, finance it utilizing the line, fixing markets in the equity markets as we seek that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller of J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan: In terms of acquisition you just came off busy second half of 11, big start of 2012 and youre looking at a redevelopment pipeline thats getting a lot bigger by the next few years. How do you think acquisitions play into the mix of investment spending over the next few years? Does it feel like its a little bit less of priority or the same as it has been over the past year?
Don Wood: Oh, Michael, absolutely, the same as it has been. Its hard with us, right, because you can't -- because its lumpy. We are going to do one or two or maybe three in a year. Its really all about and always has been about with us shaking loose opportunities on our hit list. I mean, weve identified the acquisitions we want, Montrose was a great example, but we dont control the timing of getting them. That will not in any way be less of a priority or more of a priority. It is what we do. We try to build the portfolio of the greatest stuff. And so today, I can tell you -- let me give you some breaking news from my perspective, okay? Today or last night, we put in a bid on a property that we really liked that may or may not have some redevelopment opportunity, that we thought we aggressively bid on and we basically got word this morning that we are not even in the same ballpark. And we will not. Were just not going to chase the numbers that just cant make any sense for us, acquisitions like that even if they are on the hit list. I mean, talking about seriously stuff, buy stuff, in this particular case were not doing. So, whether we get one done or two done or none done I dont know but its every bit the priority that it always has been.
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And just a quick on for Andy. Andy you talked about lease term fees being down significantly in the 11 year-over-year, whats a rough range thats included in 2012 guidance?
Andy Blocher: Yeah, I assume we did $1.8 million in 11. I think that were going to end up getting a little bit of that back, we will probably be in the $2 million to $3 million range.
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan: Whats in the guidance then?
Andy Blocher: Its $2 million to $3 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Vincent Chao of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Hi everyone. Just a follow-up question on the hit list, I mean is the activity on those properties that youre tracking is it changed much in the past six months or so or is that youre seeing more opportunity to go after some of that stuff?
Don Wood: I dont think so. I dont know Jeff is on the call right?
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. Im here.
Don Wood: Tell me Jeff what are you seeing?
Jeff Berkes: Well, this is a kind of a strange start to 2012. Normally, what well see in a given calendar year is a lot of broker RFP activity in the fourth quarter, which translates to a lot of new stuff coming to market right after the first of the year. We didnt see that this year. Now, I talked to a lot of brokers on a regular basis and they all seemed busy working on stuff, thats going to come to market later in the year, but the 2012 got off to a very slow start. So, who knows, how it will materialize the rest of the year but were definitely off to a slow start versus prior years. The individual owners that we talked to on our hit list. Sometimes were in a strange conversation were sitting in the market like Don said what were seeing properties and not just street retail properties or urban like huge properties, but really strong neighborhood and community shopping centers trading at spectacularly high values, cap rates its up five or close to five, IRRs that are six maybe on a good day. And its sort of understandable why institutions are applying a lot out of their portfolios right now because they dont have much of an alternative, but individual owners arent taking advantage of this pricing environment, so the head scratcher for me. So I dont know how this year is going to turnout, I just know were not seeing the normal flow of deals that weve seen every other year since Ive been doing those, which has been a very long time.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Okay thanks for that color. And I just want to -- you said that individual owners that are driving the pricing that high, is that what youre saying competition wise?
Jeff Berkes: No, no, no, its primarily the institutions that are driving pricing right now.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Jeff Berkes: Well the pension fund advisors or the operators backed by pension fund capital.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Gotcha. Okay lack of alternatives and that kind of thing?
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. So it makes it tough for them to sell right now because whether theyre going to do it for money, I dont know that individuals that own great assets should think the same way, I mean, thats why I scratch my head. I mean its a great time if youre an individual and youre not going to be a definite owner taking advantage of really well everybody views as a second bite in the apple to take advantage of certain really, really great pricing and theyre not doing it like they typically have.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you. And just, I know the leasing momentum it sounds like it maintains here in early 2012 but just wondering if you could apply some color on -- I know it may just be a [cool] thing but the new leasing volume this quarter did seem to be a bit slower than its been quite a while. Was there anything driving that or just hesitation on tenants parts?
Andy Blocher: No, I wouldnt draw that conclusion at all. Its just 90-day period.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Okay. 
Andy Blocher: No conclusions drawn on that, our leasing is strong.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Okay, fair enough. And then just the last question on maintenance CapEx, it was up a fair amount this year, year-on-year? Can you provide some -- just some commentary on what was driving that and if the sort of $21 million level that you did in 2011 is sort of a good benchmark for 2012?
Andy Blocher: Yeah, I mean were anticipating probably be a little bit less in 2012 than what we saw in 2011.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank:  Okay. Was there something driving 2011 so much higher?
Andy Blocher: Nothing. Nothing specific.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Andy Blocher: Just the timing of project.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wes Golladay of RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets:  With the recent rebound in housing starts, has this changed your outlook on multifamily developments?
Don Wood: No. No, it hasnt. The -- remember, when we talk about multifamily developments, what were always doing is looking at that investment as part of our overall retail project. There is no standalone multifamily business that that were in or we desire to get into. So you have to look at it through the glass of the mixed use project that were doing and in the case of mid pipe where well be doing that in the case of Santana, remember these are retail locations that we know extremely well. And so, when were building these things for the long-term were very, very optimistic that we will be able to do the multifamily too, just as we have in the past and just we have it congressional.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Quentin Velleley of Citigroup. Please proceed.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup:  Hi its actually Michael Bilerman. Don you think about Montrose and El Segundo and I guess the put rights that the partners have to you at the end of next year, and then if those are not exercised it goes much further out in the future. How do you think about sort of buying in those interests and how will fair market value be determined?
Don Wood: Its good question. Well, you did Jeff you want to take Plaza El Segundo.
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. I mean Plaza El Segundo weve got a couple of different situations with the partners as stated in the deal. A couple other partners are in for the longer-term on a shoulder-to-shoulder basis with us, and when they decide they want out and weve the right take them out, it we will at the fair market value. But their interests are relatively small to the overall asset. So I dont think it affects our overall asset pricing that much. The other partner that stayed in wanted to tradeoff some cash flow risk for a little bit more certainly on the pricing, which we were happy to do, and we get a bit at that apple a lot sooner than the other two. So that that prices got a little bit variability to it but not much and its what we would have paid today if we had the opportunity to do that. So not too concerned about that either.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And then -- weve got one partner if you will its a less competent a deal at Montrose, Dawn what do you think of that?
Dawn Becker: Really no different than we just said with which was El Segundo, it is the seller is willing to do by this they love to have flexibility that if they choose to catch up they can, I suspect we wont be seeing that exercise for quite sometime.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And then, when you think about El Segundo obviously the mortgage is a 2017 maturity obviously its a extraordinarily highly levered asset, how does that sort of play into if those put rights are not done at the end of next year and we get to 2017 and it has to be refinanced. How do all the dynamics work obviously youre under 50% partner but you get 75% of the cash flow, just trying to think about how new equity if it had to be reequitized at that point would have to be injected in?
Don Wood: The question how our partners would do that or how we would do that Im sorry.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Right, I guess yeah whats the shared if that could be reequitized or lets say you couldnt get a loan at that point, lets say you completely have come from the outset whats your -- what sort of view or funding for that relative to the partners?
Don Wood: Well, its -- as you might imagine very complicated and very detailed. But I think the way you should look at that is when that -- when we do have the ability to pay that mortgage off, one we dont have to put as much debt back on the asset. And two that probably gives us an ability to call in some of those interests sooner than we otherwise would, and if doesnt the math is probably favorable to us.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Okay. And Andy, just from a guidance perspective I think you talked about Montrose being $0.02 accretive to 12, at least in the guidance. How did the dynamics work from an FFO and AFFO prospective for El Segundo, I assume the more digits is above market and that has an impact in your consolidated. Im just wondering how youre going to flow that through your income statement both from an FFO and AFFO or FAD perspective?
Andy Blocher: Yeah, I mean, and Michael that we talked about Plaza El Segundo on last quarters call. It was in the guidance that we had previously. I mean, Plaza El Segundo is about a penny accretive, accretive to us in 2012.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And thats a cash or thats a GAAP, penny?
Andy Blocher: GAAP.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And from a cash perspective it would be less because youre not -- you're marking to market other loans, youre getting higher?
Andy Blocher: Were marking to market the loan, were marking to market the leases, were marking to market everything.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And so would it be dilutive on the cash basis at least initially or?
Andy Blocher: Its about flat.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Okay. And then Don just -- I guess a question that you always run a very simple story from an ownership perspective, obviously youve the Clarion joint venture, yet the stuff in a venture, New Berry and these two deals have obviously just youve partners in this was it a little bit more complicated in owning 100%. How do you think about, someone else selling off multifamily, how do you think about now some of these assemblages that youve created of bringing partners in and raising capital from that. I recognize that you want to have a portfolio to get this stuff. But would you be willing to have less of a share of the greater stuff to sort of monetize some of the value that youve created by bringing all the stuff together?
Don Wood: Yeah thats a great question Michael. The short answer to that is surely we would. The longer answer is I got to stay balanced. I mean, and when I say balanced, I firmly believe that there is a premium that we receive because of the understandability and simplicity of the company. And even when you had listened to the last two questions that you had on Montrose and Plaza El Segunda while the physical deal because there are partners is have a few more bells and whistle to it. The underlying management leasing and economics of all those projects or both of those projects are in our control. So to the extent we arent able to put additional capital on those sites, we would play out those deals and until basically we had more control. To the extent we can add, were going to like what we'll be able to do at Mid-Pike and maybe near Pike & Rose and maybe be able do at Montrose in the future, absolutely consider taking those things and bundling in, putting it in a more of a venture with just some other very patient capital. As long as we can maintain management, as long as we can maintain leasing as long as we can maintain basically maintain the future of the project.
Operator: With no further questions in the queue at this time, I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Kristina Lennox for closing remarks. Please proceed.
Kristina Lennox: Great. Thank you everyone. And if you would like any more information on the Investor Analyst Day please feel free to contact me directly. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have great day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Katrina Lenox  Investor Relations Don Wood  President, Chief Executive Officer Dawn Becker  Chief Operating Officer Andy Blocher  Chief Financial Officer Jeff Berkes  EVP, Western Region and President, Federal Realty West Coast Inc. Chris Weilminster  Senior Vice President, Leasing
Analysts: Craig Schmidt  Bank of America Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo RJ Milligan  Raymond James Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler ONeill Michael Mueller  J.P. Morgan Quentin Velleley  Citi Chris Lucas  Robert Baird Jeff Spector  Bank of America Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Third Quarter 2011 Federal Realty Investment Trust Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be with a listen-only until the question-and-answer session of the call. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce the conference leader, Ms. [Katrina Lenox]. Maam, you may begin.
Katrina Lenox: Good morning. Id like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realtys third quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today are Don Wood, Dawn Becker, Andy Blocher, Jeff Berkes and Chris Weilminster. These and other members of our management team are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our third quarter 2011 supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to the Trusts operating and financial performance. This document is currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although, Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realtys future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. Risks inherent in these assumptions include, but are not limited to, future economic conditions, including interest rates, real estate conditions and the risks and costs of construction. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. Ill now turn the call over to Don Wood to begin the discussion of our third quarter results. Don?
Don Wood: Thanks, [Katrina], and good morning, everyone. At $1.01 of FFO per share reported during the second quarter compared with $0.95 last year, 6% growth, were very pleased with our operating performance thus far in 2011. In fact, when you look at the nine months ended September 30th compared with that same period last year, youll note FFO per share of 3.02 this year compared with 2.87 last year, 5.2% growth. That comes without any occupancy gains. In fact, comes with occupancy declined because of the Board is in blockbuster liquidations and it comes with a weighted average interest rate largely fixed portfolio wide of 5.9%. That rate is above todays long-term rates with a well added maturity schedule over the next decade providing strong cushion against rising rates when that eventually come someday but also some shorter term upside as we continue to find refinancing opportunities. The other full growth that weve experienced this year is encouraging and suggests that we should hit or beat the $4 share mark for the full year in 2011 for the first time in our history. Let me say a few things about the three other key operating metrics in the portfolio. Internal growth, lease rollovers, and occupancy. Not only was FFO per share strong, but so was our internal growth at 2.4% excluding development and 3.7% including it. Continued and steady overall rent increases portfolio wide, supplemented by what weve seen as a continuing trend of favorable bad debt expenses year-over-year with the two biggest factors affecting the same-store growth. We particularly hope that the bad debt experience continues since to this point, we dont see any overly worrisome signs and some debt ceiling debacle of 90 days ago. Also benefiting the quarters internal growth, were 10 deliveries that property is formally underdevelopment at places like 300 Santana row, Hampden Lane in Bethesda, the village of Shirlington and Escondido Promenade. Lease rollover growth on comparable spaces was solid at 8% on a cash basis, 18% straight line. In all, we signed 88 new or renewal leases for a total of 353,000 feet at an average first year cash rent of $31.62 compared with 29.24 for the last year of the expiring leases. A couple of CVS drugstore renewals at Gaithersburg Square and Laurel shopping center in Suburban Maryland and a strong leasing quarter Bethesda Row and Third Street Promenade in Santa Monica underpinned the leasing for the quarter. On a year-over-year basis, we once again report a decrease in occupancy given the 130,000 square foot of borders and blockbuster closings that were inevitable. As I said in my remarks last quarter, the closing of all four borders locations in all of our remaining blockbuster video stores in the second and third quarters couldnt help but bring down occupancy. We came in at 93.3% leased, roughly the same as at the end of second quarter but down 60 basis points for the 92.9% leased that we reported in the comparable period last year virtually all due to those retailers. Our borders locations, Wisconsin Ave in Washington, DC, Santana Row, Old Town Los Gatos, California and Wynnewood Pennsylvania on Philadelphia Main lines are all A Plus locations and it wont be hard to release them at strong rents. Preferred on the road in tenant discussions on most of them, are other signs at this point. Physical occupancy trail percentage lease by 110 basis points, reflecting the significant tenant build out activity that we have underway, three new super markets are under construction, the fresh market at Congressional Plaza, Bostons market at Rockville town square, and a new great grocery at Westgate mall, as of two new LA fitness gyms at Quince Orchard and Laurel Shopping Center. Rent starts on these and other build outs will provide new strong rental income streams with residual benefits on the respective shopping centers beginning in 2012. All in all, portfolio is performing beautifully and weve got a lot going on trying to strengthen our merchandising by transitioning important spaces throughout the portfolio from the tenants of the past to those that will generate new and higher sales level for many years to come. The Right grocer, the right health club, the right soft goods merchant has always meant a lot when it comes to shopping center performance and thats truer today than it ever has been before. Okay. A few minutes on where we are allocating capital these days. And lets start with the three big development opportunities. A bit more than $100 million of residential development at Santana Row, roughly $150 million in retail development in the first phase of the assembly row, not including of course AvalonBays apartment investment and $250 million in mixed use development at Mid-Pike primarily residential, from here on in by the way, were calling Mid-Pike, Pike & Rose. All in, $500 million worth of capital can be expanded between today and 2015, earning a blended return of somewhere between 7 and 8 expected upon stabilization. Refining continues on each specific property but these are the numbers were going to use for planning purposes at this point. At Santana Row, the first smaller building is completed, with the first tenants moving in last month. At this point, 60 of the 108 unit are leased at average rent of $2.76 a foot and hopefully to be fully leased by the full quarter of 2012. Approximately at the same time that well begin construction on the next and larger building, that building, known as 8B internally will cost $70 million and will include 215 units and a 350 stall parking garage. At assembly row, we have a very real and improved project. Its for the new tenant -- new transit station came in within the required funding range and the MBTA board approved the contract for construction of the assembly square key station. Construction of both the station and the mixed-use product is expected to commence in a few months and deliver in late 2013 or more likely early 2014 with the T-Stop opening about a year later. Retail interest for our 315,000 square foot first phase from both outlet tenants and restaurants is particularly strong, and a great theater deal is well on its way. We have very high hopes for the first of its kind mixed-use outlet and entertainment destination. And finally, at Mid-Pike, we expect to begin construction in the summer of 2012, on the first phase of mixed-use development. First phase will transform a portion of the existing center into 156,000 square feet of retail, 87,000 square feet of office and 484 rental units in a rebrand and all be rebranded as Pike & Rose, signifying its well-known location at the corner of Rockville Pike and Montrose Parkway. Pike & Rose will be developed in at least four phases over the next 10 years and while we are likely to bring an office and perhaps residential partners for future phases, we intend to do the entire 250 million first phase without partners. Lets move on to acquisitions, but first, small but significant disposition. You might remember that we acquired three small buildings on Newbury Street in Boston within the last 18 months, in hopes of growing our presence there dramatically, by getting the opportunity to own a large portfolio there, controlled by Anglo-Irish Bank. We had hoped to deal with Anglo-Irish Bank directly and avoid having the portfolio grow to a broad public marketing process. It didnt work out that way. The portfolio was marketed publicly and not surprisingly, found lots of interest. The portfolio was sold to a foreign back fund at a price we are unwilling to pay. Accordingly we have little interest in maintaining our three small buildings on Newbury Street and sold them to the same buyer as the larger portfolio. Sales price was nearly double our cost 18 months ago. And youll see the $12 million gain on sale in the future quarter. Cap rate paid was well below 4% on 2011 trailing NOI and barely 4% at 2012 forecasted NOI. Is just another example of a growing number of investors view of the potential for great mixed use real estate in the countrys best markets. Let me spend my final minutes here on the Plaza El Segundo acquisition and an adjacent development site. One of the most complicated and time consuming deals weve ever made, federal was able to agree to acquire a controlling interest in 381,000 square foot landmark retail property and a 100% interest in an adjacent development site at the corner of Sepulveda Boulevard and Rosecrans Avenue, in El Segundo, California just two miles south of LAX. Property serves the affluent communities of Manhattan Beach, El Segundo, and Hermosa Beach among others. Its a big deal for our west coast presence and for our leasing, which now includes such trophy properties as Santana Row, key assets on Third Street Promenade, Old town Los Gatos and now Plaza El Segundo. Those are high profile destinations our complimented by strong necessity based west coast properties like Escondido Promenade, Westgate Mall and the Galaxy Building in Hollywood among others. Okay. Lets start at Plaza El Segundo with the development site, since its easier to understand. Eight acres on the hard corner of Rosecrans and Sepulveda, existing entitlements for 70,000 square feet of retail and restaurants are in place and make us optimistic that we can make a development deal $40 million or so, pencil on the site. We would expect to be in a position to get started on that development within the year from now. Next door, on the 37 acres housing Plaza El Segundo theres three distinct sections of this asset. A 273,000 square foot community center called the Plaza, anchored by Whole Foods, Best Buy, Home Goods and Dicks, then there is a 53,000 square foot lifestyle center called the collection featuring Anthropology, H&M, JCrew and others and finally, a 55,000 square foot specialty center called the Edge, featuring small shops, restaurants, and other service users. Together, this is the definition of a dominant retail district that will get all that much better with the redevelopment of the Adjacent Hard Corner. While the deal structure is complex and were not closed yet we expect to close by the end of the year, understand that we will be entitled to roughly 75% of the cash flow thrown off by Plaza El Segundo in exchange for the assumption of $175 million secured loan on the property, with an above average market rate of 6.4%, that matures in six years, along with our equity investment of $8 or $9 million. The deal will be slightly accretive to earnings in 2012, it will be more so in 2013, we expect at least an 8% ten year unlevered IRR on this property. This is the kind of deal weve been looking for. One where we can use the strength of our balance sheet and work out a deal structure that both works for the current owners and gives us control and true A+ real estate where we can really add value over time. As I said, the deal is expected to close by year end. Now, we will open the line to your question, once we go through Andys remarks.
Andy Blocher: All right. Thanks, Don and good morning everyone. First of all, I hope you all will welcome [Christina] to our team when see her in a couple of weeks over here. Im going to put a little finer point on our third-quarter results, talk to you about how we are positioned to pay for all the acquisition and development activity that Don discussed, provide a few comments on our improved guidance for 11 and our initial guidance for 12 before we turning the call over to your questions. But first, I want to point you to page 16 of our supplemental, where we once again expanded our future redevelopment pipeline disclosure. As one of the very few retail REITs with a significant near-term development pipeline, this disclosure should help you to better understand the scope, timing, cost, return and potential value creation for your models. We have a half $1 billion of projects in process that we expect to stabilize between now and 2015 at Pike & Rose, Santana Row and Assembly Row, including expanded first phase scope for Assembly Row from what we disclosed last quarter. Entitlements at these properties will allow for additional investments beyond the current scope we outlined in our disclosure, which together with our bread and butter redevelopment and core operations are all key components for future value creation for the trust. Turning to results, FFO was up 8.6% on an absolute basis and 6.3% on a per-share basis. Same center property operating income came in at 2.4% excluding redevelopments and 3.7 including redevelopment, one of the highest levels of internal growth we have experienced since the start of the downturn, despite the occupancy declines that Don mentioned. We have been able to post strong same center and FFO per share growth as a result of solid leasing execution of our redevelopment projects an appropriate focus on collections and expense control, on a straightforward quarter with no adjustments or accounting invoice. Getting into few of the details, rental income increased 3.5% from last years third quarter. Similar to last quarter, rental income increases came from the core same center portfolio, from our redevelopment properties and also from our acquisitions of Huntington Square and Tower Shops offset somewhat by the sale of Feasterville. Other property income declined about $0.5 million versus third quarter 2010 from continued lower lease term fees. On a year-to-date basis, other property income was off over $4 million, largely from the significant lease term fee from Home Depot with Flourtown recognized in the first quarter 2010. I promise next quarters is last time I will bring up the Home Depot lease term fee. Rental expense is again benefited from better year-over-year bad debt expenses, to the tune of about $0.01 per share this quarter, as well as from the buyout of the ground leases under Bethesda Row and Pentagon in late 2010. A portion of this ground benefit is offset by higher interest expense when you get to FFO. Interest expense declined $1.5 million versus third quarter 10, benefiting from a 35 basis point year-over-year decline in weighted average rate, partially offset by higher weighted average balances. G&A was up 1.3 million, versus third quarter 10, coming from personnel costs, including new leasing and acquisitions hires, as well as expensed acquisition and development costs. Our solid year-to-date results and positive fourth quarter outlook allowed us to increase our 2011 FFO per share guidance to a range of four or two to four. Turning to balance sheet for a moment, we issued another $49.2 million of equity under the ATM at a net price of 85.35 per share in the third quarter, bringing our total for the year to $139.3 million. We remain in very solid shape to fund appropriate acquisition, redevelopment and development activities through the fixed income, bank and equity markets at attractive pricing levels. Weve recently agreed on terms for a new $200 million seven year unsecured term loan with P&C and Capital One as lead banks that we hope to close in late November. We expect the rate in the 3.5% range on this financing. Proceeds will be utilized to term out our current line of credit exposure and to support development and acquisition spend. We hope to bring in additional lenders through this indication to potentially upsize the deal, but have secured commitments for the full $200 million from our leads which really limits our execution risk. This term loan execution provides an attractive alternative to the seven year unsecured notes market with a better rate to the tune of about 75 to 100 basis points. Greater prepayment flexible and also the ability to fill a hole in our current debt maturity schedule for 2018. Upon closing, we do anticipate swapping our LIBOR exposure on this deal to fixed rates, eliminating our interest rate raise risk on the transaction. While we currently have the deal sized to $200 million to the extent we can grow that size, wed expect to upsized to take advantage of this very attractively priced capital. After executing the term loan, well have full availability on our $400 million revolver with great access to other forms of capital and no debt no debt maturities until mid-2012. This type of financing combined with our steady use of equity proceeds provides an appropriate balance of long-term capital to fund the right long-term assets at appealing loan rates. Were keeping our balance sheet metrics at conservative levels, providing the capacity to take on additional leverage to support the right future acquisition opportunities, just like were doing with Plaza El Segundo. And allowing us to be opportunistic with respect to the timing and form of future capital raising. Some key points to note in our increased 11 guidance include. Were revising our full-year same-store property operating income guidance up to 1.5% previously we had been at one to 1.5%. Were assuming a December 2011 close on Plaza El Segundo and have already expensed about 800,000 in closing costs throughout the year through the third quarter. Remaining closing costs to be recognized in the fourth quarter are included in our 11 guidance range. With the exception of the new term loan to pay down the revolver, all of our previous assumptions remain generally unchanged. We do have another big acquisition opportunity, that isnt quite tied up yet, that has some potential to close before year end. Any acquisitions costs which could be material could absolute cause us to miss our estimate if that was to happen, but once again, a great long-term deal. As for 2012, we feel pretty good that we can give you some decent visibility based on the quality of our portfolio and the stability of our business. As a result, we established 2012 FFO per share guidance at 416 to 422, representing a solid 4% FFO per diluted share growth at the midpoint. Here are couple things to consider when updating your models. Major contributors to the 2012 same center growth include, stabilization of the 108 unit residential development at Santana Row, 60 and the impact from lease up at 300 Santana Row. The three new grocers and two new health clubs that Don discussed, these positives are somewhat offset by portion of Mid-Pike being taken out of service to make way for the Pike & Rose development, as well as some vacancy in [Denver] and Huntington Square Shopping Center, Im sorry, at the Huntington Shopping Center associated with strong return earning opportunity. These major drivers combined with occupancy in the flat to up 50 basis point range, as well as our bread and butter rollover provides the basis for our expectation of same center growth in the 3% range for 2012. Plaza El Segundo adds about a penny or two a benefit to 2012 FFO per share result. Lease up have some vacancy at Plaza El Segundo will provide additional accretion in 2013 as will the future development of the adjacent parcel further in the future. G&A should be relatively flat in 12 compared to 11. Interest expense will reflect the $175 million of debt assumed in the PDS acquisition as well as a new $200 million term loan at a rate in the 3.5% range as I said earlier. To the extent that were able to upsize the term loan, the increased interest expense is not contemplated in our guidance, nor is additional usage of the ATM throughout the year. Interest expense increases to be somewhat offset by increased capitalize interest, as we progress at Santana Row, Assembly Row and Pike & Rose. Consistent with prior years, were not including any acquisition activity, other than Plaza El Segundo in guidance, though as I said earlier, we have other potential opportunities in the pipeline, based on the timing of these acquisitions and the magnitude of the closing costs, these acquisitions could benefit or hurt our 2012 guidance. Another strong quarter, great opportunities for both internal and external growth and an outlook for another year of record FFO per share in 2012. Operator, well now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from line of Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. You may proceed.
Craig Schmidt  Bank of America: Thank you. I mean, it looks like -- likely that landlords are going to be exempt from the accounting standard changes, they require companies to capitalize real estate on their balance sheet. But Im wondering are you, do you have any concern that the retailers may change their lease term? Or you know, the renewals regarding this balance sheet issue?
Andy Blocher: In conversations that weve had, we dont see anything at this point which would indicate any predict or changes. Obviously the lease accounting stuff is still subject to change. Weve been watching it, but we dont have anything permanent at this point.
Don Wood: Yeah. I dont think so, Craig. You know, its -- the one thing on the rule changes that is always, theres lobbies on both sides and theres probably three or four sides in terms of some specifics in there that should be -- that are being contested. Nobody really knows exactly where its going to fall out. And I just had an update on this last week. And so kind of feel like, I understand why nobody is changing their way of thinking yet. They could and so with uncertainty, it always makes me worry about it a little bit, but I dont think there will be anything significant.
Craig Schmidt  Bank of America: So the thought here being, the retailers will do whats right for their business and not worry about the accounting implications?
Don Wood: Thats the thought, yeah.
Craig Schmidt  Bank of America: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Don Wood: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Paul Morgan of Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning. I appreciate the extra disclosure on the mixed use project. So I just want to ask kind of about one other one, which I know has gone back and forth of being a potential big project of yours, at Tysons. There has been a lot of talk about kind of the densification around the metro and I mean -- and I know I think youve sort of extended some leases there. But I mean, have you given more thought about that as kind of adding to the pipeline of mixed use projects over this horizon that youve provided or...?
Don Wood: Thats a great question, Paul. I mean, it is an amazing piece of land. Youre right in referring back to -- I think it was actually the TJ Maxx deal, that we extended -- that we did a 10 year deal on, we couldnt give them uncertainty. They were thinking about leaving the property to get that kind of certain. There certainly was a lack of certainty in terms of what would happen in Tysons over the next period of time. And so we were able to lock them down very financially lucratively to us. And we did that to kind of watch and see what happens over there. Paul, and you know the area, its amazing that with all the construction thats going on over there, with all the different plans that are coming in, with our center kind of sitting right at one of the stops on that line. Even with entrances close and everything else, our -- that center continues to perform amazingly well. We want to see what else happens though. Theres a lot on the dockets for potential project, but how many of them really make and what they really turn out to be, I want more visibility. Thats why its not on any of the next two or three year -- in the next two or three year timeframe in terms of development opportunities. Absolutely long-term, there is a lot of money to be made on that piece of land that we have there. But nothing I can -- in any way get you to give me any credit for in the next few years.
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then just a follow-up on the term loan, Andy, you said it was 75, did I get this right, 75 to 100 basis point inside of what you would do on the unsecured? Is that -- if thats right, I mean, is your thoughts taking on that change given the execution from the deal last night, any unsecured market.
Andy Blocher: Yeah. In the Boston properties deal, actually, I think it made me feel better about our executions. Certainly Boston properties did a big deal. I mean, wed be talking about probably a non-index eligible size and it goes just beyond rate. It goes to the prepayment flexibility associated with the term loan. And Ive got and executed term sheet, so the only thing Im really subject to at this point is ultimate size and the current swap market. So I still think that were probably in the 75 basis point better rate at this point.
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Jeffrey Donnelly of Wells Fargo. You may proceed.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo: Good morning, guys. And Ill echo the appreciation for the improved disclosure. Just more of a on the macro question first, Don, how do you think right now about just net absorption of the industry over the next few years? Because theres a real churn going on with retailers rationalizing not only store counts, but store size. And thats coming among this or amidst this backdrop of the risk of roll-down in rents and leases are executed really during the peak periods, the five to seven-year leases that were signed say between 05 and 07. How do you think about it, Ill call it industry wide revenue growth out there and...?
Don Wood: Yeah. Its challenge, Jeff. I mean, look youre right onto it. The positives that go along with that is that there is so little development of new product thats going on in the country that that naturally puts a constraint on, if you will, on retailers that do want to head into new markets and do stuff like that. I do think its kind of funny that were talking about $500 million worth of development, between -- albeit much of it residential at Santana, Mid-Pike and Assembly over the next few years because theres just not very much new product being developed in the country thats a positive. Thats one of the positives. The other positive is the selective -- is very selective and that is we continue to see theres real distinction between, great quality real estate and other. Is it good for federal because of the selection of our properties that gives us more leverage than others? Sure. Is it good for the country? No, its not. They are really, this haves and have-nots delineation is a bit troublesome for me, in this --to the extent that were seeing it. I mean, Andy, the capital were talking about raising you in the term loan, the lease deals that were doing, and the roles, even the development, some of the markets that were in, is so completely 180 degrees from whats happening broadly, as you put it in the macro market, for all the good reasons of, you know, online sales, online store sales, smaller footprints, smarter business operations. And so on balance, I mean, I dont think there is -- you really got to be careful where you are investing. And Im very thankful that were on the positive end of that. Thats what I say, Im with you. There are concerns.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo: Specific to your portfolio, do you have an estimate, or are you able to estimate maybe how pervasive some of those thoughts could be for your portfolio? Meaning anchors, downsizing, their prototype, might leave you with some awkward spaces? Or conversely, some of your shop space thats going to be rolling in 12 or 13, do you -- are you concerned at certain points in the cycle where you say -- we might have some issue here in ahead or?
Don Wood: Nothing specific nothing, you know, particularly -- nothing particularly pervasive. One of the things that I think Andy talked about and I mentioned in the results, this reduction in bad debt expense really is an interesting -- its an interesting phenomenon. I think the tenants that are in there now who have survived through the 09 and 10 period of time are okay. I do worry that in certain markets to the extent -- thats what Ive been looking for changes, to the extent, the economy really stays as average, as it is right now, I think well be okay. But to the extent we had to head south from here yeah, I absolutely worry about small shop failings and having anchor space thats not prime anchor space being at stronger rents. I mean, it all gets down to relative. The cool thing about Federal is that you really do see all different kinds of retail within this portfolio. And we can clearly see, in our secondary markets, markets that are secondary to us, a much different set of prospects for the future than in the great stuff. And I can only imagine if the portfolio was more, was not as high quality a portfolio, what those challenges are day-in and day-out.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo: Just another a question or two, I recognize this is a complete lay-up question, but many of your competitors have changed their reporting metric where they exclude spaces vacant over one year from their calculations in same-store. For comparability purposes, if you were to do the same, do you have a sense of what your same-store leasing spreads would look like? Or is that?
Don Wood: I dont, maybe -- Andy may. But let me just say something about that, because I think thats smart. I think for an analyst to understand the companies that theyre looking at, I think its very useful to see -- to not make sure the whole portfolio is tainted by a few places that are very tough to lease. So I think thats good analytical information thats given. What I think it says though, is because there is a need to do that -- its got to be valued differently, obviously. But its not that its a bad thing to exclude those spaces that have been vacant for over 12 months. I mean its important analytical information. I think if we were to do it, the impact would probably be a lot smaller. Andy, you do have?
Don Wood: Jeff, I pulled it. Its about, I mean, on a cash basis, its 300 basis points, so it brings up from 8 to 11 and 400 basis point on a straight line.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo: Thats helpful. Just last topic, its actually on the Newberry Street, I know that that portfolio ended up trading hands. Can you just talk about maybe where pricing sort out on that? And I think you guys are out of Newberry Street now, just maybe talk about what your total return was on your investment?
Don Wood: Its a big old number. I mean, listen, I dont want to -- the buyer of that portfolio can talk much better than we can talk in terms of what their rationale is, what their thoughts were with respect to the portfolio. I can tell you for our small three buildings that we had a basis of $24 million that we paid, literally in the last 18 months and they sold for $44 million. Do the math. Its pretty strong.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next question comes from line of RJ Milligan of Raymond James. You may proceed.
RJ Milligan  Raymond James: Thank you, guys. My question has been answered.
Don Wood: Thanks, RJ.
Operator: Next question comes from Nathan Isbee of Stifel Nicolaus. You may proceed.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, good morning.
Don Wood: Hi, Nat.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus: In addition to the adjacent land part at the Plaza, can you talk about maybe some of the opportunities at the property itself, perhaps in the parking field, et cetera?
Don Wood: Yeah. Well, a couple things. First of all, the opportunities I think are more leasing driven. In the other three pieces. And Jeff is on the phone, hes going to reply to this. Im setting up, Jeff, because your next on this. I believe that the opportunities are far more on the releasing side there than they are with additional development. I can tell you though, if you been to the site, there is lots going on directly around it, not only our adjacent piece, but some additional pieces even going forward. It is the most -- it is the true definition of an A+ location though. And so Im hopeful that you will see an upside in the rents over the years as the primary benefit. Jeff, you got have anything else to say?
Jeff Berkes: No Don, I think you hit it. Nat, theres no plans additional GLA on the Plaza El Segundo side. Certainly as Don mentioned in his opening remarks, were getting development title along with it and you know, through some leasing on the existing improvements and development -- on the development side, thats where we see the growth going forward.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. But just focusing on the rent for a second, where would you peg rents relative to market?
Jeff Berkes: Don, do want to answer that you always take that question.
Don Wood: I thought you had it. Im sorry, man.
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. I mean, were -- theres not a huge margin to market, Nat, but long-term, thats an area where theres going to be income growth and sales growth and we see upside in the rent, medium to long-term. But there is -- the property came online in 2006, 2007, so there is not 2005, 2006 was not a huge in place mark-to-market on the inflation.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus: Jeff, can you talk about the replacement for the Borders space?
Jeff Berkes: Yeah. Borders, when we looked at the deal, initially Borders was in occupancy, actually doing pretty well, paying up decent rent. And since we tied it up, weve been able to release that space. The tenant will take occupancy in 2012 and the rent they paid was very aggressive and very close to what Borders was paying. So I think that validates the location and validates our ability to grow rents over the long-term.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then just one follow-up, arguably, if you had a Mom-and-Pop retailer today who was looking to open a business, they want to come to a high quality center like a Federal Center, would you -- have you seen any firming up or any signs that the small business is looking to open new concepts, new stores?
Don Wood: Yeah. I think so. Now, that again is very bifurcated. So when I think about Bethesda or when I think about Santana, I can tell you, our list of interested small shops, some national small shops and some regional, not so much the first store kind of stuff that you see in a really growing economy, Nat, but where youve got two or three or four stores and you would like to expand, they want to get into Santana, they want to get into Bethesda, that kind of thing. We have seen that and were continuing to see that with our new leasing team on the West Coast with Jeff Kreshek, I talked about last time, I mean the list he has of particular tenants that we are going after specifically, who have the desire and the ability to make a move like that is stronger than its been in the last couple of years. Now, part of it is because Silicon Valley is strong. And in that particular market, theres a lot going on but I see the same thing -- same type of thing in Bethesda. Its just not everywhere. And thats -- thats a whole -- there is one message here. Its not -- theres nothing Im saying that is consistent across United States of America, its really very bifurcated.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus: And I think we had discussed this probably six months ago and at that point, you had replied to negative. So I guess there is definitely has been an improvement in that sense.
Don Wood: I think thats right. And maybe just because I just came from a board meeting in San Jose over the last two days, I felt so, so damn good about whats happening in northern California with our properties there. Maybe it is a little halo over me.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus: Got you. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler ONeill. You many proceed.
Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler ONeill: Good morning. Thank you.
Don Wood: Hey, Alex.
Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler ONeill: Just in general and this is a leasing question, clearly, a few of the tenant who is sort of -- its clear that theyre about to go under, Im sure the leasing guys are out busy talking to back sell tenants, but in broader speaking, how much of a wait list do you guys maintaining in general for the portfolio? Is it just people who are on your watch list? Or do you sort of keep sort of a wait list for each space?
Don Wood: Hey, Chris. Do you want to go through leasing with him?
Chris Weilminster: Sure. I mean, I would say, Alex, that it varies from property to property, as Alex was mentioning, we have got properties like the Bethesda and Santana Row where there is maybe theres a wait list of certain tenant that want to be into those and then there is some of the growth ranker centers, more traditional locations where we are very specific category that we are going out after and pursuing those tenant. So were creating the wait list. And so my answer is that theres not -- it really varies from asset to asset.
Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler ONeill: But in general, when some of these bankruptcies come up and make the news headlines, by the time we read about it in the press. Im assuming that you guys have sort of already caught wind or are any of these like legitimately a surprise where suddenly you have to go out and figure out, put together a back fill list?
Chris Weilminster: No. We have a watch -- we, I was just going to say that we are very diligent about watching the performance of our retailers. And I think weve got great leads on the ones that we see as being weak and weve got a long hit list and are very disciplined in how were approaching the retailers that we think would improve our tenant mix to back all those spaces, so were very proactive about it. Don, I dont know, if you want to add.
Don Wood: And thats the case of most of the time, Alex, I got to tell you we absolutely gets surprised. I mean the most recent one that just comes to mind is Priscilla of Boston, which is a piece of Davids Bridal and they have decided as a company to not go forward after frankly having just signed a lease with us and a few more across the country. In Board meetings, things happen sometimes that are not out in the -- just not out in the street and that was an example. Thats rare, and Chris is exactly right. By the time -- its no surprise that Filenes Basement is closing up. And in the two locations that we have for Filenes, one at Mid-Pike, which is all about the redevelopment, so no problem, no issue, no -- nothing. Thats going to be rebuilt as the new project. And the other one in Fresh Meadows Queens, we do have very strong interest and weve been talking about that space. Now, we couldnt do anything until something happens but now some things happening there. So well, way down the road, which is your implication because we anticipate.
Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler ONeill: Okay. And then the second question is, Nat, I jumped on late, so I apologize if Andy already went over this. But you guys have now boosted guidance this year twice, clearly done it was your comp package that affected this year, there were some vacancies that affected this year. But still, you guys have now boosted guidance twice this year? So is that either one, just Andy being conservative to make sure it hit numbers or two, its just the folks in the field, just working extra hard that the portfolio has outperformed?
Andy Blocher: No. Its neither. Its neither, Alex. I think the single biggest thing that changed that, there is no doubt in my mind that the economy was getting better. In the first part of 2011 into the middle of 2011. And, when you set up budgets and when you set up guidance, basically November, this time of year, for the ensuing year, you use what you think about the time the indications that you see. I think things actually got significantly better from the latter part of 2010 into the first half of 2011. What I was curious -- and that -- theres a lag. So that finds its way into guidance when those things start being real and not just a gut feeling. And thats what happened in 2011. Its why when we started with the whole debt ceiling debate, federally in July, August and September, the way things were pulling through, I mean, Im worried or at least, worry is not right -- Im looking hard at whether any of those  any of that time period is going to affect anybody future plans. And so far we dont see signs of that. It still seems pretty good, pretty strong. Now, but thats the stuff that changes quarter-to-quarter in terms of outlook. So I dont want you to look at that and say man, we just sandbag all the time. I mean, we dont intentionally sandbag, sometimes it turns out that we sandbag, but certainly in 11 it was because of our better economy than we thought it would be.
Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler ONeill: And so bottom line this is the late summer pause didnt affect you guys?
Andy Blocher: No. Not to this point.
Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler ONeill: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from line of Michael Mueller of J.P. Morgan. You may proceed.
Michael Mueller  J.P. Morgan: Hi. Is there any contractual option where you can get the other 25% of Plaza El Segundo?
Andy Blocher: No. Theres not. And theres, well be closed, as I said, before the end of the year and well be able to go into some more detail at the time with respect to the deal structure. But no, you should model and figure on the 75%.
Michael Mueller  J.P. Morgan: Got it. Okay. And then, Andy, you were talking about acquisition costs. Can you tell us what was embedded in Q3 and what the Q4 expectation is?
Andy Blocher: Yeah. I mean, I think that in Q3, we had call it 2 or 300 and I think that to close out PS, were looking at another 2 or 300. And once again to the extent there other acquisition opportunities that we make a lot progress on that would be added to that.
Michael Mueller  J.P. Morgan: Got it. Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Andy Blocher: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Quentin Velleley with Citi. You may proceed.
Quentin Velleley  Citi: Yeah. Good morning. Just in terms of, Andy, I think you mentioned that there was another, you reasonably sized acquisition that you are looking at. Im just not sure if you can provide a little bit of detail as to what that might be and whether or not thats something similar to El Segundo where you have a development upside with it as well?
Andy Blocher: I dont feel comfortable doing that yet Quen, Im sorry. The only thing I would say is it is  its large. Its -- were talking about  we would be talking about something in the $150 million range for that kind of thing. So its a big one. But again thats either going to be zero or everything and without being on the contract, we cant talk any more about it.
Quentin Velleley  Citi: Okay. Thats great. Thank you.
Andy Blocher: Great.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Chris Lucas of Robert Baird. You may proceed.
Chris Lucas  Robert Baird: Good morning, guys. Andy, I do appreciate the improved disclosure and it has generated a question for you. As it relates to the apartment projects in San Jose, there is essentially same cost, but theres a yield differential relative to the project thats delivering next year versus the one thats delivering in 14? I guess if you could sort of provide some context over around why both the cost will be the same for the -- even though the second project is larger and why the yields would be expected to be lower?
Andy Blocher: Construction, this is what, Chris. Construction costs are assumed to be higher in there. They, I mean, we bought out this first one at the perfect time and thats the single biggest thing. In addition, just some of the nuances with respect to the parking and the other ancillary benefits that have to happen in that product, anything else Dawn?
Dawn Becker: Some of it is units mix too in terms of the types of units are getting in pricing for them?
Chris Lucas  Robert Baird: So, youre looking at smaller units in the second project or?
Don Wood: There is
Dawn Becker: Yeah.
Don Wood: Yeah. There are generally smaller units, basically what were trying to do, I dont know that when the last time you been out of Santana. But you owe yourself a trip if you want feel good about kind of where were going with it. Because the residential at Santana gets such a premium over the residential in the marketplace out there. Were really making a focused effort on being able to have different price ranges for and different product available to all types of people who want to be in Santana. Today, you cant get into Santana for rent thats under 2,400, 2,500 a month. Something like that, as youre starting spot. This new building will be aiming for rent somewhere around 2,000, 2,100 to start. Now, on a per square foot basis, its actually more profitable stuff. But the whole point is being able to choose where you want to live in Santana in a number of different types, product types, all premium, but within the premium range different and more one bedrooms things like that.
Chris Lucas  Robert Baird: Perfect. Thanks a lot, Don.
Don Wood: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. You may proceed.
Jeff Spector  Bank of America: Hi, guys. Its actually Jeff Spector. Just had a follow-up on Jeff Donnellys question before about the statistic that some companies are now reporting. I guess, excluding stores that havent been open for a year, just thinking about that a little bit, Don, I guess, thinking more important, I guess, how youre focusing on the business versus necessarily the analysts looking at statistic? Meaning from a business standpoint, I guess when you look at the same-center NOI or same-store NOI, store opening a year or not a year. I mean, from a business standpoint really at the end of the day whats the most important thing to you and to Federal?
Don Wood: There is one thing that drives everything and its tenant sales. And so literally, everyday -- what we try to put through everybody, is to create the tenant mix that is going to create highest level of sales. Its really the only thing you have to push rent. And so, Jeffs question really about big box space that for which there is very little demand on is an analytical question basically. Your question on the business is, how do you do it and what are you running and Ive got to tell you, were trying as you know to create an income stream that continues to grow each and every year. And things that fall out of that are rent rollovers and same-store growth and that kind of stuff but those are derivative. They come from the overall plan that we have to fill space with the best merchandise and it creates the highest tenant sales. Its all weve got to be able to continue to push rents. So, thats the driver first and foremost.
Jeff Spector  Bank of America: Okay. Thank you.
Don Wood: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Cedrik Lachance of Green Street Advisors. You may proceed.
Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors: Thank you. In the rush to assembly and the T-Stop, I think there still little of uncertainty in terms of the potential cost to the T and what your share of it would be. Would you be able to give us some numbers there?
Don Wood: Yeah. There is not -- theres not -- were in our piece of $15?
Dawn Becker: $15.
Don Wood: Yeah. No. We unlocked at $15 million, that is our piece of the T-Stop, Cedrik. My worry was that if the overall bid to do the T was significantly more than $15 million in total, that that additional funding would not be available because we were going to put in any more. And that didnt happen, they did come in within the funding that they had set up, including our $15 million and now just need the closing was AvalonBay, which we have scheduled for mid-December to happen before construction starts.
Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors: Okay. And if there were any cost overruns, youre not responsible for anything above $15?
Don Wood: No. Thats not true. If there are -- there is enough room in there to be able to absorb any conceivable costs overruns that have, to the extent it is dramatically, if it overruns dramatically, it will be an issue. And therell be, Im sure well be back in that conversation about what well have to pay but I dont expect that to happen.
Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors: Okay. And in terms of pre-leasing for your retail component, you mentioned that you have some interest from outlets, the theater and restaurants. Do you have a firm number in terms of where youre at in terms of perhaps Letter of Intent or anything like that?
Don Wood: Yeah. Im not ready to start giving you the LOI stuff. We will lay all that out if theres not one signed lease today nor do we expect there to be until 2012. But over the next -- now that weve got it, I know Ive been very conservative about whether we want to do this thing or not whether we want to, whether we can make it work or whatever in the past. Were at the point now where we are going and so theres a lot happening in terms of, laying out the schedules, laying out the merchandising plan, we had conversations with tenants. And so in future quarters, Ill start doing it for you, just like we would -- just like we will with Mid-Pike and Pike & Rose and every where else as we do a development well get to that. But Im not ready to that here in November of 11.
Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors: Okay. And just last question and you were talking earlier about sales productivity being the key driver of rent. And Im intrigued by the addition of health clubs as well as some of your centers. Where do you fit in terms of desirability as a tenant versus perhaps other more traditional tenants that sell goods and are perhaps more in line with some of your tenants and the stores in the center in terms of commonality in the goods being sold?
Don Wood: Well, I dont know. I mean, it is part of, health clubs are an important part of our tenant mix, particularly at our mixed-use project, because theyre real, because its part of the neighbor, theyre an integral part of the neighborhood in which were operating. If you go to Santana, Club One has now been operating there, since 2002, when we open. There an important piece of the activity that happens throughout the day at Santana. When you go to Bethesda, the Equinox that was opened up last year is an important part to generating activity in the restaurants, thats being to serving the community. And so, that doesnt mean all health club operators are considered equal because theyre not. And the strong companies, the companies that have demonstrated the ability to be profitable within their spaces and fit in the neighborhoods that were in, are -- its as important as any soft goods user or any other type of user in terms of its fit.
Chris Weilminster: It  not are concern.
Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors: And as far as the rents are concerned, are they rents comparable with what a soft goods user of a similar sized space would pay or is there a different?
Don Wood: Thats all over the board too. But, Chris, go ahead. I know you want to say something.
Chris Weilminster: Yeah. I was just going to add on couple what Don was saying that when we look at our centers, its all about creating the best mousetrap. How can you say consumers to do what Don said, drive additional sales? Grocery stores bring in daily traffic, we see that category bringing in daily traffic. We clearly believe for all the things that Don just said, that it brings in daily trip count into your center and if there is daily customers are coming in, they get more familiar with the small start tenant and the mix thats there. So when your glasses break, you realize, oh, yeah, right next to the health clubs that optical store that I want to go, get my glasses fixed that generate more sales. So we see them as an integral part to creating more footfall on our centers and creating that daily traffic that makes it more the location that those consumers choose to go to over other centers in the same shopping district.
Cedrik Lachance  Green Street Advisors: Great. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Don Wood: Okay.
Operator: And our last question comes from Rich Moore of RBC Capital Markets. You may begin.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets: Yeah. Hi. Good morning, guys.
Don Wood: Hi.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets: Do you have any thoughts on Third Street Promenade now weve had Santa Monica Place open for some time and Im curious, what you guys are thinking in terms of traffic and whats going on in that whole space there? But also you have an Old Navy in that group and Im wondering what youre thinking about that as well?
Don Wood: Third Street Promenade is the gift that keeps giving for us and Im so happy Santa Monica Place is redone and up and operating. It has not hurt the street. It is not hurt our tenants on the street at all. You bring of Old Navy, there is a lease that is way under market. J. Crew, which we also own way under market, well have  we start the top end of the street at Wilshire, with Banana Republic there that, I think, were going to make some money there. I think every time we think were done and there is, how could rents go higher on Third Street Promenade, they do. And when you look at our in-place rents compared to whats there, the future looks extremely bright. I think having Santa Monica Place done is a absolute positive to the entire neighborhood and I couldnt say anything more positive about it. I really couldnt.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Very good. Thank you, Don. And then, Andy, Im curious on the term loan, would  Im wondering about the possible expansion of that. Is it possible you could have say, some cash drag maybe $100 million of cash drag if you go high enough or will you only do the expansion of the loan beyond $200 million if you have some of these assets, some of these acquisitions closing that kind of thing?
Andy Blocher: Yeah. I mean, Rich, look, especially in the current environment, theres a tremendous amount of volatility in the market. Weve recently started syndication of the loans, so well see what is that we get. It is, its a balance. Its, what is it that were seeing with respect to the ability to kind of create this loan from the syndicate group versus some of the other thing that we have in the pipeline that may have less certainty. But it is a real possibility that there could be a cash drag, which is why within the guidance numbers that I laid out, I said to the extent that we were over the 200 million, it could create a drag on 2012 earnings.
Don Wood: Yeah. Its great financing, Rich. And obviously, timing, capital allocation with refinancing is a tricky thing, particularly in a company like ours where its important that we continue to grow earnings and we show that continued stability and growth. But I can tell you, I have a bias to take a little more of that money, if its available even if it does put some cash on the balance sheet for a few months depending upon how many demand we have. But we will balance, you wont see a  were not going to trash earnings because were sitting with, a lot of cash on the balance sheet. But there may be some real hit.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. All right. Very good. Thank you, Don. I appreciate it, guys.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. You may proceed.
Katrina Lenox: Great. Thank you, everyone. We look forward to talking to you next quarter and seeing that -- there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays conference. Thank you so much for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have great day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Weilminster - Senior Vice President of Leasing Andrew Blocher - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Dawn Becker - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary and Member of Executive Investment Committee Cooper Campbell -  Jeffrey Berkes - Chief Investment Officer, Executive Vice President and President of Federal Realty West Coast Donald Wood - Chief Executive Officer, President, Trustee and Chairman of Executive Investment Committee
Analysts: Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc. Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Laura Clark - Green Street Advisors, Inc. Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P. Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley R.J. Milligan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 Federal Realty Investment Trust Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce the conference leader, Mr. Cooper Campbell. Sir, you may begin.
Cooper Campbell: Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on the call today are Don Wood, Dawn Becker, Andy Blocher, Jeff Berkes and Chris Weilminster. These, and other members of our management team, are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our second quarter 2011 supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to the trust's operating and financial performance. This document is currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. Risks inherent in these assumptions include, but are not limited to, future economic conditions including interest rates, real estate conditions and the risks and costs of construction. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. I'll now turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of our second quarter results. Don?
Donald Wood: Thanks, Coop, and good morning, everyone. At $1.02 of FFO per share reported during the second quarter compared with $0.98 last year, we're very pleased with our operating performance thus far in 2011. That bodes well for the rest of the year, as I'll touch on in a minute.  The reported FFO per share would have been $0.03 higher but for the accounting requirement to treat over $2 million of interest income that we received in the quarter as a gain reported in discontinued operations and, therefore, not part of FFO. That interest income represented past earnings on our Norwalk, Connecticut loan to a Shopping Center development partner that we thought was uncollectible in the depths of the recession. Turns out it was collectible, as a new capital partner brought us current. That's a good sign for the overall commercial real estate development market and was certainly good for Federal.  Not only was FFO per share strong but so is our internal growth at 1.5%, excluding redevelopment and 1.6% including it. What's particularly noteworthy given the amount of space that's out of service is developments in our increasingly full pipeline gear up. Lease rollover growth on comparable spaces was solid at 6% on a cash basis and 16% straight-line. In all, we signed 86 new or renewal leases for a total of 370,000 feet at average first year cash rents of $28.21 compared with $26.64 for the last year of the expiring lease.  A note new grocery deal to replace an underperforming Safeway at Westgate Mall in Northern California and a strong L.A. Fitness deal replacing our last remaining Circuit City box at Quince Orchard Shopping Center underpin the quarter. We did report a decrease in occupancy but that was expected given the 100,000 square feet of Borders and Blockbuster closings that were inevitable. As I said in my remarks last quarter, the closing of 3 Borders locations and all of our remaining Blockbuster Video stores in 2Q couldn't help but bring down occupancy at June 30. We came in at 93.4% leased, down 40 bps from the 93.8% that we reported in the first quarter, all due to those retailers. I also said last quarter that I believe that June 30 would likely be at or near the low watermark for the unleased space in the portfolio and that we had more upside potential than downside risks at this point. That's still the case. I think you'll start to see increases to the lease percentage by year end.  On Borders locations, Rockville Pike in Chevy Chase, Maryland, Santana Row and Old Town, Los Gatos, California are all A+ locations and won't be hard to re-lease at stronger rents than Borders was paying. We're pretty far down the road in tenant discussions on all of them. Our final Borders location on Philadelphia's Main Line in Wynnewood, Pennsylvania will also close in the next couple of months and we need to get moving on replacing them, but also expect strong interest there.  Operationally, the second quarter was quite strong and that bodes well for the guidance we're going to provide for the rest of the year. Let's talk about that for a minute. We've increased -- we raised our guidance, our 2011 guidance, to a range of $3.99 to $4.04 from the existing guidance of $3.95 to $4.02. And with that, we'll also raise our dividend rate for the 44th consecutive year. I couldn't be more thrilled than to be able to raise guidance in the dividend based primarily on favorable results and trends in tenant leasing and reduced bad debt exposure. Andy will go through our rationale and more specifics on that in a few minutes. But the point that I think is critical for investors to understand is that the increase in earnings guidance is possible despite very heavy investment and acquisition and development projects that hit the current P&L for the benefit of future periods.  Let me explain. For the last couple of years with the emphasis primarily on maintaining tenancy and trying to figure out where future rents were going to fallout, it's been hard to make developments and redevelopments pencil. And as you know, new acquisition opportunities that made any financial sense have been few and far between. It's been particularly hard to deploy capital but that's changing a bit, particularly on the development side, and we currently got a lot in the pipeline.  For illustrative purposes, let's assume that Federal reports an even $4 per share of FFO in 2011, which by the way would be an all-time record. On its face, that would compare favorably to the record $3.88 that we reported last year, 3% growth, even though last year was helped by nearly $0.05 per share of Home Depot lease termination fees that we've talked about ad nauseaum for the past 5 quarters. If you dig a little deeper, you'd see that our current results include lots of hits to the P&L, reflecting the dramatic increase in productive acquisition and development activity in 2011 versus 2010. The overall improvement in the commercial real estate landscape in strong locations has allowed us to make financial sense of future projects like Assembly Square, like Mid-Pike Plaza, the de-malling of Willow Lawn in Richmond and a residential development at Santana Row. All of those development projects have either broken ground or will shortly and necessitate the requisite tenant downtime demolition and our expensive marketing initiatives to get them properly established. Expensed acquisition costs like those at Tower Shops early in the year and a bunch more of the potential acquisition in Southern California hit us today but don't benefit us until the future. Also, between the expensed acquisition costs, the dramatically increased marketing costs in Assembly, Mid-Pike, Santana Residential and others, along with demo costs and lost rent at projects like Willow Lawn and Bala Cynwyd hit or will hit FFO for the quarter and the full year by $0.02 and $0.06, respectively, more than the comparable 2010 periods. Yet despite this, we're still reporting FFO growth that takes us to record absolute numbers. 2012 will still include heavy upfront costs and as Mid-Pike and Assembly get under way but the future looks very bright to us.  Finally, let me bring you up to speed on where we're deploying capital these days. At Santana Row, leasing is underway on our $34 million, 108-unit luxury rental building, and our expected 7% yield will more likely be an 8%, maybe even a 9%, at the end of the day. Residential rents are that strong at Santana. Earlier in the week, our board approved a new $70 million investment in the next 216 residential units there at an expected stabilized yield of 7%. After both of those projects are complete, we still hope to build an additional 150 or so apartments as well as an additional 80,000 square feet of retail and 200,000 square feet of office GLA at Santana. We would hope to have Santana Row nearly fully built out in the next 4 years, market conditions permitting of course.  In addition, we're close to approving another project for an additional 132-unit residential building, costing an estimated $30 million to $34 million at Congressional Plaza in Rockville, on land adjacent to our headquarters. Progress at Assembly Road continues on all fronts with T-Stop bids expected back shortly. I think actually August 10 is when they're due back in.  We hope to announce a strong theater deal as our first signed lease in the coming months, and we expect to be able to announce cost, yield and timing expectations also in the coming months. For preliminary planning purposes though, assume the first phase requiring $120 million to $130 million from Federal, not including of course AvalonBay's apartment investment.  Similarly, planning work at Mid-Pike continues unabated. We'll have to come up with a name for that project before long, with a first phase construction start plan for about 1 year from now. We were refining cost, yield and timing assumptions now, but again, for planning purposes, assume a first phase capital requirement of $225 million to $250 million.  Lots of other redevelopment projects either underway, like Willow Lawn and Bala Cynwyd or in the planning stages, but it is certainly clear that we've got a strong pipeline of value creative opportunities that certainly depress accounting earnings in the short term, but add long-term, strong long-term value to this portfolio. On the acquisition front, just a few Ts to cross and Is to dot before we acquire a controlling interest in the Southern California retail center called Plaza El Segundo, along with an adjacent retail development opportunity. Plaza El Segundo and a redevelopment parcel make up 45 acres at the corner of Rosecrans and Sepulveda Boulevard in El Segundo, California and currently comprise 380,000 square feet of great retail anchored by tenants like Whole Foods, Anthropology and coming soon, H&M. I can't really provide more specifics at this point because we're not fully there yet on the deal, but the prospect of a West Coast presence that includes such icons as Santana Row, Third Street Promenade, Westgate Mall and Plaza El Segundo, very exciting to us.  So that's it for my prepared remarks. We're really happy with the way the portfolio is performing and with our potential to grow and create more value. Things are certainly not great in every shopping center and every market. And frankly, I can't remember a time when there's been as much separation as there is today in the outlook of specific retail destinations. Location and a proven track record doesn't take a backseat to anything. Look forward to answering your questions following Andy's remarks.
Andrew Blocher: Thanks, Don. Good morning, everyone. I'll put a little finer point in our results, talk about our recent line to credit recast, discuss the increase in the dividend and then provide a few comments on our improved guidance. Before doing that, I wanted to point to our expanded redevelopment disclosure in the supplement. We've added clarity in a few of the bigger projects that Don discussed to stabilize after 2012, specifically Assembly Row and the new residential project at Santana Row. These projects have been approved internally and are being actively pursued by the Trust. We will add additional larger projects as we work through the approval process and these will be an addition to a regular flow of smaller redevelopments in those out-years as well. We believe this disclosure provides a better roadmap for modeling future value creation for the Trust.  Turning to results. Rental income increased 2.6% from last year second quarter coming from the core same-center portfolio from a redevelopment property, specifically Hampden Lane in Bethesda, 300 Santana Row and Escondido and also from our acquisitions of Huntington Square and Tower Shops. We also saw a pretty significant uptick in percentage rent this quarter as a result of better sales performance from a number of tenants, specifically at Santana, Bethesda and Shirlington. This is a great demonstration of how the economy isn't hitting all retail equally. And the highest quality locations, while not immune, certainly continue to demonstrate their strength. We expect this trend to continue.  Other property income remained soft on a comparative basis due to lower lease term fees. Comparisons on a year-to-date basis are very tough as other property income is down over $4 million to a level half of our year-to-date 2010 result. Recall, that we do include lease termination fees in our same-center property operating income comparisons. So that was a drag on the same-store growth of positive 1.5%, excluding redevelopment and positive 1.6%, including redevelopment that we reported in the quarter. X the lease termination fees, our same-store NOI growth would have been 2.3% for the quarter and 2.7% on a year-to-date basis.  Rental expenses were essentially flat as we recorded $1.4 million less in bad debt expense versus second quarter 2010. Bad debt was at the lowest level we've seen since 2007 with no significant new tenant additions to our allowance and collections from a number of tenants that we had previously deemed uncollectible. In addition, rental expense benefited from the buy-outted [ph] ground leases under Bethesda Row and Pentagon in late 2010. A portion of this benefit is offset by higher interest expense when you get to FFO. As Don discussed, these rental expense improvements were offset by increased demolition costs, as well as increased marketing expenses at Assembly.  Interest expense declined $1.5 million versus second quarter tab, benefiting from a 60-basis-point year-over-year decline in weighted average rate, partially offset by higher weighted average balances. Capital expenditures in the quarter included the retirement of $37 million of higher cost mortgage debt at a 6.8% weighted average rate on Federal Plaza in Tyson Station. An additional redevelopment spending at 108-unit residential building at Santana Row and a variety of other redevelopment projects, which were funded with accommodation of additional line usage and equity issued through the ATM.  Turning to balance sheet for a moment. We issued another $42.2 million of equity under the ATM at a net price of $85.51 per share in the quarter, bringing our total for the year to $90.1 million. We continue to believe in maintaining a consistent approach to debt versus equity to keep our balance sheet metrics in line. In early July, we recast our expiring $300 million credit facility with the new 4-year $400 million credit facility with a 1-year extension option. The quality of Federal Realty's property, strategy and management drove $700 million of demand, and this significant oversubscription allowed us to tighten pricing to LIBOR plus 115 basis points at our Baa 1 BBB+ rating. This pricing represents a new tight in the recent REIT market as demonstrated by pricing levels for us at BBB+, which were equal to or through A- minus pricing levels for high-quality REIT deals that had been executed in the prior month.  With no additional debt maturities until mid- 2012, enviable credit metrics and significant debt capacity, we remain in great shape to fund appropriate acquisition, redevelopment and development activities through both a fixed income and equity markets at attractive pricing levels. Based on the quality of our results, our improving outlook and the strength of our balance sheet, our Board of Trustees voted to raise the quarterly dividend by $0.02 this year as opposed to the $0.01 that we raised in both '09 and '10. 2011 represents the 44th consecutive year that Federal Realty has been able to raise the dividend, a record in the REIT sector and amongst the longest such streaks of all publicly traded companies in the United States. We've raised it every year since 1967. We've always paid it in cash, and our dividend record is certainly a point of significant pride for our employees, management and our Board. I think this record is the greatest indicator of the quality of what we own, the dedicated focus on how we operate it and the long-term consistency that comes with our disciplined approach.  Finally, we raised our 2011 FFO per share guidance from $3.95 to $4.02 to a new range of $3.99 to $4.04 based on our strong performance and improving outlook. Some key points to note in our improved guidance include: despite the increased vacancy in the portfolio, we're calling for 2011 same-center property operating income growth in the 1% to 1.5% range, which includes a year-over-year decline in lease termination fees of $5 million and over $2 million more in demolition costs and marketing expenses associated with development activities at Santana Row, Mid-Pike, as well as a slew of other smaller pre-development projects in the same center pool. These decreases will be more than offset by increases in minimum, a percentage rent coming from our same-center pool redevelopments and acquisitions.  We're calling for $1 million increase in G&A. The change relative to the $0.5 million we talked about in last quarter's guidance comes from increased payroll associated with additions to our West Coast team, Assembly Row and Mid-Pike teams, net of capitalization. With increased use of ATM to permanently fund our acquisition and development expenditures, the term out a portion of our line of credit as well as a credit facility recast to favorable rates, we're looking at about a $4 million improvement in year-over-year net interest expense. The portion of the savings in interest expense associated with the ATM usage relative to the line is offset by an increase in share count. We're calling for 1 million more shares in our 2011 weighted average share count versus 2010, predominantly associated with the ATM.  Finally, 2011 comparative results will include a $3 million year-over-year benefit associated with the early extinguishment of debt, largely coming from the early termination of our term loan in 2010. To sum it all up, we produced record quarterly results based on strong same center operations. We increased our full year guidance. We raised our dividend for the 44th consecutive year and we're gearing up our development and redevelopment pipelines to enhance future growth. Operator, we'll now turn the call over to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Jeff Spector with BAML.
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: It's actually Craig Schmidt. I had a question. Regarding the theater that's going -- that may go in Assembly Row, isn't there a theater in that area right now?
Donald Wood: There's not, Craig. There had been, but that's been closed for a number of years. There's [indiscernible] now. It's a big need.
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: Super. Now that sounds like a great first step. And also, on your supplemental Page 14, you list about 10 pad-site opportunities. What would it take to start moving forward on those opportunities as opposed to being on a list?
Donald Wood: Yes. It's a number of things and everyone, as you know, is different. Entitlement is always part of the required permits. We're able to start on a number of them right now like the Bala Cynwyd stuff that's underway. We're pushing like crazy from the development side to make sure that we've got all the development pieces. At the same time, leasing is going out there and trying to pre-lease all. So as those 2 things come together, these things tend to hit. You'll clearly see more increasing activity in '12 and '13 as a result of those things coming off the list. But the timing's a little hard to predict because of those 2 factors.
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: Great, and then just given the pleasant surprise regarding bad debts, is there any more out there? Or is that a sort of a one-time positive hit?
Donald Wood: It's so funny. It's a great question. I mean, it's a big question that we got into in terms of raising the guidance for the rest of the year. I think the rest of the year should be clean. I think what we see is a clean set up. Now what's going on this week and last week in the markets and how much this affects the world going into 2012 and further is obviously anybody's guess, and that's certainly scary. But everything that we see -- I mean, the reason we raised the guidance is I saw a strength from a bad debt perspective in every market we're doing business in, Craig. I saw it in California. I saw it in Philly. I saw it in Washington and saw it in Boston. And so when it's that broad-based, I got comfortable with raising the guidance.
Andrew Blocher: Yes. And if I could just add to that, Craig. I mean, based on what Don said, that's why there's still a $0.05 range, too. So depending on the outcome, is it terminated where you show up in that range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan with Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley: On Assembly Row, appreciate all of the kind of extra disclosure you have on Page 14. But on Assembly Row, now I have to hit you on it. So you had a ROI of 5% to 7% there, which is a relatively wide range. Can you talk about kind of the factors that would drive you up or down from there that you could identify now?
Donald Wood: Yes, yes, there's a couple of things. The single biggest piece of good news is that theater deal, basically being negotiated though now fully documented at this point and that being a great anchor in terms of the rental stream. Now on the rest, it's going to be a combination of outlets, rent-based tenants, some service tenants and restaurants. There is more unknown, if you will, about the outlet piece than there is about the restaurant piece. And so that range, those conversations, as we start getting into them, how many of them are percentage rent deals, how many of them have unnatural brakes, all that stuff provides that level of uncertainty at this point, and that's what you should expect more, something more concrete over the next year, basically. But that's not something in 1.5 month or 2 months, I'm going to be able to -- okay, going to 6.1 months, something like that. So that's why we give that range. And you're right, it's wide.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then on the -- I mean, I know you can't give much more detail on El Segundo, but I mean, there's been some publicized deals of kind of similar type assets that people talk about, very low cap rates and just kind of in the context of this acquisition how you're feeling about pricing and kind of what makes this special versus sort of paying a kind of a very low cap rate or I guess your color on the way you're looking at acquisitions in the context of this deal.
Donald Wood: I'll give you a little bit. I think I feel a little bit like Joe Girardi being -- saying, "I can't tell you too much about Phil Hughes, and I'm not going to really answer too many questions on it." And then the next set of questions are about Phil Hughes. But with respect to plans to El Segundo, I mean, look, if we get this deal done, it's expensive. This is A+ real estate. It's expensive. There is -- it's really the first one that we've looked at. We've said, "You know what, we will really stretch on this thing to pay up." Because if you know this location, if you know the demos and the trends in this part of Southern California, you know it's really strong. So we certainly want it, and Jeff can chime in here. Anything else that we've looked at that has this type of presence, and there are very, very few of them, going to go for a very low cap rate, there's is no doubt about it. But I really can't get into that deal more than at this point, more than I can -- to say more than that because we want to get it finished.
Jeffrey Berkes: Okay, I don't have much to add to that Don. I mean, Paul, I think you know that the market right now for A-quality shopping centers is being driven by institutional buyers, whether it be a pension fund or an insurance company. And yes, I guess when they look at their alternatives in the fixed income markets and other areas where they invest, things don't look so rosy. So they're really paying up for real estate now, and that's what's driving price for the A-quality properties and you start moving away from the As and obviously the returns go up. But one of the problems we're having right now in direct conversations with owners is an owner may own a B that could become a B+ or an A- but he sees the A pricing and he thinks he deserves A pricing and there's just not a deal to make. It's incredibly difficult right now.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley: I mean, so you think basically we're back to a point where kind of these value-added stories are getting -- the seller is getting compensated for the upside.
Jeffrey Berkes: Well, I think that might be a good general conclusion, but what I tell you is that depends on the deal. And every deal is different at the level of risk that's associated and the amount of clarity that's associated with each of those value-add opportunities that's different. So it is a little bit hard to be general in that respect.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: A few questions. I guess, Don, if it's not a sort of done deal, why disclose El Segundo now? And is there any opportunity to maybe partner up with a maybe a pension provider? I'm assuming you'd knock out some of your competition.
Donald Wood: I'm not going to address the last point there, Jeff, and we felt comfortable disclosing it now is really all I'll say on the first.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then just a few questions. You have, I guess, a growing development/redevelopment pipeline. We've been asking about Chicago for years. Any consideration of maybe selling those assets to recycle capital into that pipeline?
Donald Wood: Yes. There is -- we look at it asset by asset. I guess you do know that we just sold Feasterville in Pennsylvania, and we are looking at selling one of the assets in Chicago, in fact. Just around the model?
Dawn Becker: [indiscernible]
Jeffrey Berkes: Yes, we are.
Donald Wood: So we're in the market now on one of them up in Lake Zurich, Northlake. But again, not particularly because of Chicago but because of what we see about with respect to the balance between what we can get paid for it and where we can reallocate the proceeds. So the other assets we have in Chicago, boy, they're good assets, really good assets. And so it's a little tougher decision, depending upon where we can allocate proceeds, but the question's a really good question. I mean, you will always see us balancing between in the way we deploy capital and deploying capital includes retrieving some of it back. So you're always going to see some assets for sale from us and these are the latest.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And I'm not sure if you can really talk about it, but I believe in the Boston area, the Newbury line portfolio is out in the market. Is there any color you can share with that? Or is that not something you can talk about now?
Donald Wood: Yes, it is out in the market and I don't think it's any secret that we'd love to own it. Whether we're going to be able to pay the price necessary to own that portfolio or not, I don't know. But we'll certainly be active throughout that process. And I guess Jeff -- gosh -- Jeff Berkes, that process has a couple of months left in it?
Jeffrey Berkes: Yes, I would say a handful of weeks in the bidding process.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And just 2 more, actually. Bala Cynwyd, I mean, someone mentioned in the redevelopment pipeline that you'd added some pad sites there. I had been there recently. Is it fair to say that the grander redevelopment there is just off the table for a few years maybe because of local zoning conditions rather than market conditions?
Donald Wood: Yes, the local -- the big project is off the table for 5 or 7 years but it's not because of zoning. It's really because of NRDC buying Lord & Taylor back a few years ago. I mean, you go back, it's Lord & Taylor that's on that site and they were paying a very low rent and it was a crummy store and the future of Lord & Taylor was not clear. NRDC and Richard Green buys that company -- They do a beautiful -- Richard Baker buys that company -- They do a beautiful job in kind of repositioning them and they really want that site. We have adjusted the lease, so we've gotten a big piece of value from a big ramp up on that store. And they're going to put a few million dollars into the store. So we look at that and say "Gosh, can we get paid for the site basically from the existing tenant and supplement it with additional pads around it for the next 5, 7, 10 years?" I'll do that all day long, way lower risk and great economics. So that's why that's happened much more so than zoning related. I mean, zoning's a piece, it's -- that's timing. But the new rent deal, Lord & Taylor, is in place today.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And just last question, I think you're talking in Assembly Square about maybe tweaking the retail focus there to maybe have more of an outlook -- outlet alignment. Is that something you guys are seriously pursuing? Or is it still up in the air?
Donald Wood: Oh, no, absolutely, I just talked about it in a couple of questions ago. There's no question that when you think about that -- when you think about what's happening at Assembly, you should envision outlets, restaurants, service, theater, [indiscernible] , people living on top. And I mean, we're really excited about Assembly. I wish the first phase yield was going to be through the roof, if not, but it'll be okay and we'll make money down the road.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Goldfarb with Sandler and Sons (sic) [Sandler O'Neill]
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Sandler O'Neill. Don, just want to go back to your comments on the tenant activity, and I guess given your perspective that you guys have such a heavy D.C. focus, and obviously, here in New York, we're biased by the headlines that we read. As you speak to your folks in the other markets, so particularly in the West Coast and both in San Francisco and down south of -- and even in Chicago, are there nuances that you hear, like, are the -- is it just sort of East Coast skittishness, and once you leave, maybe D.C. New York, the other markets, you're not hearing that same skittishness? Or is that sort of pervasive across all your markets?
Donald Wood: No, I think that's very fair. We do have, 1/3 of our company is in D.C. It's been the best place to do business just -- no matter who's in power or what the administration is working on, but there's no question that current talks make people say, "Oh my gosh, what's the impact going to be?" And much more so here, Alex. Those talks are much more here in the East Coast than -- certainly than in California. But now when you kind of dig down into that a little bit, I got to tell you, short Washington D.C. at your own peril. That's all I would say because, I mean, a big reason we've been able to raise this dividend for 44 years in a row, imagine what happened in Washington D.C. And the portfolio even then -- even a bigger piece of the company, it's only 30% or so. Now it probably was half or more back then. But think about 1976, 1992 and all the things that have happened over the period of time when we raise that dividend every single year. So with all the discussion of cutting back in Washington, a lot of it has to do with cutting back on growth rates, which I completely agree are not sustainable with respect to Washington. But in the suburbs, where we're operating, it is -- all I would say is, short it at your own peril. I remain very, very bullish on this market.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: So when your leasing guys are telling you about their pace of activity, the pace of activity remains healthy or has it slowed in any way that starts to make you concerned?
Donald Wood: I mean, look at my leasing guy and to what he says.
Chris Weilminster: Yes. My response to that is I think there's great caution amongst the retail community in looking at quality assets. They want quality over quantity. And that's leading from our perspective that the optimism in our portfolio is up, and we were -- we're feeling bullish about tenants looking at our portfolio and considering our assets, so...
Donald Wood: If you look at what's happened in the last quarter in Washington D.C., we lead rent rollers in that market more than any other market, except for Santana Row.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Okay, so it sounds like it's safe to say that no one is holding up decisions. Maybe it's slowed down a little but people are still carrying through. Is that fair?
Chris Weilminster: Yes.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Okay. Second question is, Assembly Row, there's obviously some government funds involved there. Any other projects that you guys have that would require government funds? And then are you seeing any change in the way governments allocate capital? Maybe they're deciding to favor more housing projects or school projects or versus commercial projects. Are you seeing any change in how they allocate those dollars?
Donald Wood: In order? No, there really aren't any other projects where a TIF or the government subsidy as part of it is a significant part of the economics of a project other than Assembly Square for us. Though -- I say that in every single market that we try to build something in, we look for help from the local state, primarily governments, but we don't have any of that stuff going on right now other than Assembly. And so, really, my comments are really kind of they're skewed by what we found at Assembly. And we have not seen a change in the type of projects that government's are looking at, but there's probably better people to ask than me.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of R.J. Milligan with Raymond James.
R.J. Milligan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Most of my questions have been answered, but looking at some of your competitors, they're pursuing more nonretail tenants for their traditional shopping centers. So I was wondering how aggressively you're looking at that option. And two, just an update on your strategy to pursue the traditional mall and outlet center tenants.
Donald Wood: R.J., let me give you the first thing. First of all, everyone of us in this business tries to create demand as best we can over the supply. Now you know and I know that the highest and best use of a retail center is for -- the objective is to get retail sales as high as you can because they feed on one another and allow you to pull rents. That's always, always, always the first thing that we're trying to do, great retailers that add to the balance of the center. Now when there are no great retailers, you look for alternatives. And we have -- while we certainly have a couple of those locations in places where we'll look for nonretail users, that's a really small part of this portfolio because, what I said, we are trying to get retail sales up throughout a portfolio, and that's usually done much better with great retail tenants than with other uses. What was the second part?
R.J. Milligan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: On the -- bringing the traditional mall and outlet center tenants into the shopping centers.
Donald Wood: Yes, yes, I mean, I spent a little bit of time on this last time. I called you about taking a guy out of GGP names Michael Khouri, who has turned into a real important part of the leasing team here. We are absolutely having success from the standpoint of improving our relationships, getting relationships with mall and outlet tenants that we have not. I told you all about Assembly. But on the mall side, meetings that we've -- frankly we haven't had before and lots of serious conversations about getting mall tenants into some of our properties. Now we've got 1 or 2 success stories, but I suspect in the next 12 months, I'll be able to tell you about some pretty good ones, pretty sizable ones.
R.J. Milligan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Are they concentrated in any specific category? Or can you talk about which tenants...
Donald Wood: Not category as much as product, as much as retail types. So the Avenue at White Marsh, which we own more of a lifestyle center, for Pete's sake. We're getting some great traction, if you will, on improving the merchandising base from talking to mall-side tenants. Bethesda Row. Certainly, at Santana Row, you'll see it in -- certainly, you'll see it full blown at Assembly Square. So it is less the, as you would imagine, less the traditional gross [indiscernible] Stuff and more the higher end product that we have, especially the mixed-use product that we're having the most success in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christy McElroy with UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: What do you envision for the Border space at Santana Row given that it's a such a marquee space? And, Don, you talked about rolling rents up on -- potentially on the Borders and Blockbuster space. But can you give sort of a better sense for the mark-to-market as well as the potential timing of re-leasing, given you've already had pretty extensive conversations with other retailers at this point?
Donald Wood: Yes, I think so. I mean, I don't want to give you the kind of -- there's absolutely a lead tenant at -- for the Border space at Santana that I'm just thrilled about if we can get the deal done. But the deal is not done yet. It takes its time to go through the traps. But on the 3 that are close today, which is Friendship, do we have a [indiscernible]?
Andrew Blocher: It's not signed yet, but [indiscernible].
Donald Wood: Okay, I'm really close, really close on one for the Friendship Center. The space that will be 20% better, frankly, than what was in there. I mean, that's pretty darn strong. For Old Town, Los Gatos, we're going to break that space up a little bit. It's 2-floor space so we'll break it up. The combination should provide us pretty good rent compared to what was there. At Santana Row, I would expect to see a significant increase. So those are really good. The fourth one, which is still operating, which is Wynnewood, we're just not as far in knowing how we're going to replace that one and that'll be closer to flat or maybe even down a little. But overall, I can't really give you a percentage yet but it's double digits.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: And then the -- I think your -- the occupancy that you provided, your lease percentage, what's your physical occupancy at June 30? And would you anticipate that the gap between the leased percentage in the physical occupancy could potentially widen for a period of time as the Borders and Blockbuster space commences occupancy? So basically, could there be a lag in revenues from the time that...
Donald Wood: Oh, absolutely, absolutely, because you're right on it. And I mean, we've got a physical occupancy [indiscernible].
Andrew Blocher: Yes, Christy, it's 92.7% physical occupancy as of June 30.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, because I think you mentioned in your prior comments that the leased percentage from some of the space should start to pick up towards year end, and I'm wondering if maybe we'll see the revenue impact in 2012 instead.
Donald Wood: You'll see -- oh yes, it won't be '11. I mean, you'll see a little bit in '12 and you'll see a lot more in '13. And there's no question there's a lag, no question at all. I mean, and what that -- it was not coincidental that I was talking about leased percentage. Because what we do see -- we're in the middle of -- the amount of activity that's going on in Chris Weilminster's office and among his team right now is dramatically higher than it was 1 year ago. And that's all in getting deals done. Now getting deals done, as you say, rightly put out, does not equate to rental income starting that day. And so there's clearly a lag. That lag though will take, so you'll see -- I think you'll start to see an increasing leased percentage, but then the following increase in physical occupancy and, therefore, rent paying, following 6 months behind that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Clark with Green Street Advisors.
Laura Clark - Green Street Advisors, Inc.: It seems like that you're taking an increased look at California today. What is it about California that's attractive, especially given the specific economic issues at the state level?
Donald Wood: It's probably the specific economic issues at the state level. That makes it attractive at some respect. And I only say that a little bit tongue-in-cheek. I mean, the bottom line is after going through the last 5 years, you'll never ever convince me that poor properties will -- are a better long-term investment than the better properties in the right locations. I know we say that, I know it sounds like I'm talking my book, but I got to tell you, I believe that through and through. The long term, I would always -- I'm going long on both Northern and Southern California for the next decade and probably longer after that. And so the fact that things are a little messed up today or a lot messed up, depending on your perspective within the fiscal situation of the state, is something that is kind of interesting but not particularly concerning long term from the standpoint of the type of real estate that we'll look at there. And when you look at something like a Santana Row or you look at something like a Third Street Promenade, it is very hard for us not to believe that those properties aren't going to be worth more, in fact, significantly more in the next decade. And to the extent we can take a shot out of the properties like that, we would rather pay up on that than chase yields in a secondary market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: Don, I just want to follow up, I wanted to see if I could get the full aggregate numbers. I think you talked about kind of acquisition costs, marketing costs, demo costs. I guess it was being $0.02 last year or $0.06 greater this year. Do you have just the aggregate numbers?
Donald Wood: Well, definitely. Melissa or Andy can help you more, but $0.02 is $1.3 million and $0.06 is $3.7 million.
Andrew Blocher: Yes, Steve, they are basically dead on top of there.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. And how do see those trending, I guess, Don, as you kind of go into '12 and '13? I mean, do those kind of stay flat and then tick down or they go higher before they go lower?
Donald Wood: They stay about flat in '12 and then they should go lower in '13. Now if they don't, it just means a lot of the great stuff, which I hope is the answer. But the point I was really making, Steve, is, if you think about a steady-state of activity over some periods of times, yes, there's always variances where it's a little more, it's a little less. But 2011 activity over 2010 activity was so dramatically higher, such that I'm -- that I felt like I needed to say it. For a bunch of years, I would never say because it's been about the same, a little bit lower certainly in '09 and '10 than in the other days, but not demonstrably. In '11 and '12 because of what's going on with the 2 particular big projects and some of the smaller ones. It's just it's worth talking about. I wouldn't -- it almost has to be a peak in '11 and '12 being about the same and then being reduced after that because of the nature of -- the size and scope of Assembly and Mid-Pike.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: And just to be clear, these are all being expensed as opposed to capitalized, is that correct?
Donald Wood: That's right. That's what I'm saying, that they're hitting the P&L right now.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: Okay, okay. Could you just talk a little bit about the office space? I know you had built some office space at Santana. And I'm just curious, it sounds like you've got more space to potentially build. But how did that first building, I guess, up on Winchester, how was that leasing?
Donald Wood: It's leasing. I mean, where are we now, Dawn? We're 3.5 of the floors that are done. I think we got a little bit left to go. Those rents were far below where we had underwritten them in 2006. So we yield a 6 or so on the building. And I -- certainly, I'd hope to yield an 8 or better. But no, the -- Silicon Valley, if you're concerned about -- and it's not just offices -- it's any type -- If you're concerned about certain markets, you should be very bullish about the valley for the next 2 or 3 or 4 years. Job growth, lots and lots of good stuff coming out of the tech center.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: No, I was actually more on the positive side, thinking when would you start that next building. And was there enough demand? And did the rents kind of make sense to start the next office building?
Donald Wood: Yes, that's a great question, and Jeff Berkes is going to answer that because we've been pushing on that.
Jeffrey Berkes: Yes, Steve, we're working through plans on another building. The rents aren't quite where they need to be, but everything's trending in the right direction. And like Don said, we're seeing great job growth out here, and the job growth is really coming from the larger, better, capitalized revenue-generating, in most cases, profitable tech companies unlike the last cycle. And they're hiring a lot of people at high salary rates. And we're going to continue to see that kind of trickle down through, not just office space, but hopefully restaurant sales or apartment rents and all that kind of stuff here in Santana. But we're not quite there on rents being at the place they need to be to pull the trigger on a new office building, getting close and headed in the right direction.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: I mean, are you greater than 10% away? Or would you say you're inside the 10%?
Jeffrey Berkes: It depends and it's a little bit hard to figure out right now because what's driving the market are the bigger users and the big blocks of space. If you follow the office market out here at all, the big blocks of space are rapidly disappearing. And when there is a big requirement, what somebody will pay for the right space is a little bit up in the air. So plus or minus 10% is probably about right, but you don't really know until you're in the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Andy, the first question I have for you is on the Borders that you lost in the second quarter and Blockbusters, I guess, as well, the timing of those -- when rents stopped on those, so that we can think about the impact on the third quarter?
Donald Wood: Yes, Rich, they will really to end at Q1.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. So they were in the entire second quarter -- or rather, they were out the entire second quarter?
Donald Wood: They were out. Out, correct.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Yes, got you, got you. Okay, and then as far as the balance on the line of credit, is that something you'll pay down over time with the ATM, you think? Or will you do something larger to term out that $200 million balance on line of credit?
Donald Wood: Yes. I mean, Rich, we got a couple of things. I mean, Don talked about the acquisition, we want to see how that goes. We've done okay by waiting. We've got both the fixed income and the equity markets open to us -- obviously, the equity markets are less open today than they were, say, 1 week ago. We feel like we're in a great position, which is we've got great access to capital. We would certainly anticipate that we'd likely term out at least a portion of the line by year end but don't need to pick a direction right now.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. But you wouldn't try to do that with the ATM, right? That's just not sufficient.
Donald Wood: But once again it depends on how...
Andrew Blocher: No, it's not sufficient, Rich.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Yes, okay, I just want to make sure. And then also, I wanted to ask you, on the asset you got on Newbury Street or that you bought on Newbury Street this quarter, which one was that one?
Jeffrey Berkes: Rich, the address is 328 Newbury Street. It's on the last block, if you will, which is the block where you'd see a lot of the more fashion-forward and trendy retailers. We bought with our operating partner, Taurus Urban Meritage, an 8,200 square foot building. And what's interesting about the deal during the -- during our due diligence period, our operating partner was able to negotiate a lease termination with a tenant that took a significant amount of the building in a below market rent and wasn't performing. There's a couple other smaller tenants in there that have shorter term leases. So effectively, what we've got is a vacant single tenant building, which is one of the types of spaces that are most in demand for the cutting edge retailers who are out looking to fill the whole building. So it will be a nice little acquisition.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just a quick question. What was the cap rate on the Feasterville sale?
Andrew Blocher: Low 7s, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG: I know you don't really want to talk about El Segundo too much but, just I was just wondering, taking into account transaction costs and sort of the low -- and the price that you're going to have to pay to get a quality asset like that, I mean, should we expect must accretion in FFO if that deal were to close in year 1, I guess, in year 1.
Donald Wood: You should not expect accretion in year 1, you should expect accretion in beyond that.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just on Assembly Row, I mean, I know the bids are still out there, so it's not completely finalized. But what's the remaining risk on that? If the bids come in quite a bit higher than what the MTA's committed, I guess, that there was some chance that that wouldn't go forward, is that correct?
Donald Wood: Yes, no, there is -- I don't really know how to handicap that. I do believe there is still a risk of that. I'd be crazy to say that, that can't happen given the work that's out there. I do think we've got the financing set up pretty darn well, so it's certainly not likely. It's not remote either.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG: Can you just remind us, though, what the MTA's commitment is, and then what would sort of make it maybe a question mark in your mind as far as the bids coming in?
Donald Wood: Yes, well, in total, Dawn, go through the numbers. What do we got?
Dawn Becker: In total, there's $50 million to $60 million of funding out there for the T-Stop. And the $50 million is the number we've got, we're shooting, for in terms of where a breakpoint might be for whether there's more money out there, hard to say or where we may go forward.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. But the yields that you're sure of showing in that 5% to 7% range assume the $50 million to $60 million.
Dawn Becker: It assumes the $50 million covers it, so that the fee is fully covered by the public funding available.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Isbee with Stifel.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Could you just talk about El Segundo relative to the shops at Carlsbad in terms of...
Donald Wood: No, no, I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that now, Nate. I'm really sorry but I'm going to put you off on that. And once we have this thing in better shape, I'll be able to do in as much time as you want, but I don't want to do a comparison on that property right now.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Did you pursue that?
Donald Wood: We did.
Operator: At this time, sir, there are no further questions. You may continue.
Andrew Blocher: Thanks, everybody. We'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Good day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Gena Birdsall  Investor Relations Coordinator Donald Wood  Chief Executive Officer Andrew Blocher  Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Berkes  Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer Chris Weilminster  Senior Vice President  Leasing
Analysts: Christy McElroy  UBS Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley David Wigginton  Macquarie Research Equities Craig Schmidt  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O'Neill & Partners Michael Mueller  JP Morgan Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs Ross Nussbaum UBS Christopher Lucas  Robert W. Baird & Co.
Operator: Welcome to the third quarter 2009 Federal Realty Investment Trust Earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). I would like to introduce the conference leader, Ms. Gena Birdsall.
Gena Birdsall: I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's Third Quarter 2009 Earnings conference call. Speaking on the call today are Don Wood, Andy Blocher, and Jeff Berkes. These and other members of our management team are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our third quarter 2009 supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to the Trust's operating and financial performance. This document is currently available on our Web site. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. This is inherent and these assumptions include, but are not limited to, future economic conditions including interest rates, real estate conditions and the risks and costs of construction. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. I'll now turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of third quarter 2009 results. Don?
Donald Wood: Both retail consumer behavior and the debt and equity capital markets we're operating in have regained a sense of stability in the third quarter that'll likely prevail through the end of the year. While you shouldn't confuse stable with robust or even growing, the word predictable has resurfaced in our business dealings, after having been completely absent for most of the past year and that's a good thing. We're very pleased with Federal's performance in the third quarter with reported FFO per share a solid $0.92, despite $400 million in cash sitting on the balance sheet earning very little. Andy will talk more about that in a minute. The occupancy levels have stabilized for the time being, as the portfolio was 94.2% leased at September 30th and 94.0% leased three months ago. That stability occurred after six consecutive quarters of declines dating back to the fourth quarter of 2007. At that time, the portfolio was 96.7% leased and so has declined 270 basis points over those 18 months. In terms of physical occupancy, the portfolio is 93.1% occupied. We'll see what happens after the holiday season, but the possibility of a continued drop in occupancy by another 100 basis points or so in 2010 is still very much a possibility, given the lack of signs of a broad recovery in tenant sales levels and our unwillingness to do uneconomic deals for the sake of short-term occupancy gains. As you think about those occupancy numbers though, consider that Federal same center operating income has not declined over that period of time. Think about that for a minute. For the quarter ended December 31, 2007, seven quarters ago, when the portfolio was 96.7% leased, Federal reported same center property operating income of $85.4 million, which by the way was 4.2% higher than the previous period. In the current quarter, with the portfolio leased at 94.2%, we're reporting property operating income from those same properties of $89.5 million. That's because even with substantially more vacancy, rollovers in new deals in this portfolio have more than compensated. If you think about that, it's remarkable and a real testament to the quality of the real estate. And as I alluded to earlier, I don't expect occupancy gains in the first half of 2010, primarily because I believe there will be additional fallout after the holidays. But certainly, at some point beyond 2010, this portfolio will again be 96.7% leased. And at an average rent of $22 a foot, that'll translate into incremental NOI of $9 million or $10 million. Let's talk about leasing activity for a moment, 90 comparable deals, 335,000 square feet, $9.8 million of new annual rent replacing $9.0 million of prior rent, 9% more. Renewals made up about six in ten of the deals with new tenants comprising the other 40%. Of the 38 new deals done during the quarter, 2 were anchors, 29 were small shops excluding restaurants and 7 were restaurants. In other words, deals are still being done across a wide variety of retailers and sizes. And this quarter, all three categories, anchors, small shop and restaurants showed higher rent from the new deals compared with the previous tenant overall. Having said that, pressure on both new deals and renewals remains as fierce as it's been over the past 12 months and there's no let up in sight. It is that mix of large rent increases from old expiring leases at great shopping centers, included with current re-tenanting of those centers that really is a major point of differentiation for Federal. Compare this portfolio of older established shopping centers in great locations with newly developed shopping centers that were put in service over the last several years at then current market rates and built with then market construction costs. It's certainly logical to assume that those newer centers generally have little opportunity for income expansion in this economy, and more likely contraction, and have a greater proportion of their tenant base who are less established, and therefore, have less flexibility with their own financial situations. The established retail centers in great locations with strong existing population and income demographics should hold a serious advantage in times like these. And I think our performance is proving that to be the case. Operationally, our business continued the second quarter momentum towards stabilization this quarter. Bad debt expense continued to drop as did requests for rent relief. We also continue to run this company very lean and accordingly, are one of the few companies to show modest to same center growth. Now in terms of growth opportunities that'll allow us to exploit our strong balance sheet and platform, I'd love to tell you that we're finding great acquisition opportunities hand over fist, but that's just not the case yet. We're certainly looking at more product than we have in the past year, but to this point, nothing at the quality level of our portfolio, regardless of price. We continue to expect some of the properties on our hit list to free up in the next year or so, as debt maturities force some action and sellers attitudes towards long-term value better correlate with the market. That's it for my prepared remarks and let me turn it over to Andy Blocher.
Andrew Blocher: I want to spend a few minutes first talking about the balance sheet and our liquidity position before discussing our outlook for the rest of 2009 and our initial thoughts on 2010. After that, I'll turn the call over to your questions. With respect to the balance sheet, we're in an enviable position with plenty of cash to pursue acquisitions, appropriate levels of leverage and no debt maturities until 2011. We made great progress since four quarters ago, when I outlined our strategy for addressing the almost $400 million of debt that we had coming due in 2009 and what was becoming one of the worst capital markets environments any of us had experienced in our lifetime. At that time, we discussed our willingness to pay a premium in the form of increased interest expense to raise capital earlier than it was required as financing insurance to limit the trust capital market's risk in 2009. Over this past year, we've learned a lot from a capital perspective, including our ability to successfully access all forms of capital, even in the most difficult of times, times when many other can't. While capital market conditions progressively improved in the second half of the year, our concern over capital availability also drove our decision to opportunistically access both the unsecured debt market, with $150 million, five-year, 5.95% notes offering and the common equity market with a 2 million share offering in mid-August. Both transactions were manageable in size, strongly oversubscribed and executed at then market leading rates, once again reflecting strong support for Federal Realty's business strategy, management, and capital stewardship. With the incremental $265 million raised in August, that brought our total capital raise to $800 million in 2009. Almost more important than the amount of capital raised was the form these transactions took, as we accessed all four of our major food groups, bank debt, unsecured debt, secured debt and common equity. This is a balanced approach that investors come to expect from Federal Realty, an approach which maintains all of our key financing metrics, which in turn provides flexibility to access and repay capital, regardless of the economic climate. As an example of this balance, the August common equity offering marks the sixth time that we raised common equity in the past seven years for a total of over $700 million. This is effectively a prudent dollar cost averaging approach which recognizes our inability to call market tops and bottoms. With all of this capital raised at September 30, we had over $400 million of cash on the balance sheet, $275 million of net cash after taking into account the $124 million of 8.75% notes maturing in December of this year and no additional debt maturing until 2011. This cash was in addition to the $300 million at capacity on our credit facility, putting us into a fortunate liquidity position given the difficult capital markets at the time. Our decision to raise our 2009 capital well in advance of our maturities was an appropriate decision given the marketing conditions as recently as 60 days ago. Since that time the capital markets have continued to remain open, providing far better visibility than we saw when we executed our unsecured debt and common equity deals in August. While liquidity remains very important, in late October recognizing greater comfort with our ability to access capital, we utilized $100 million in cash to pay down the $372 million term loan, reducing the amount of our financing insurance. While the pay down of the term loan will reduce interest expense going forward, it did require us to accelerate the amortization of $1.4 million of debt issuance costs, a portion of the cost associated with executing that loan. Those costs will be recognized in the fourth quarter. With significant cash remaining on the balance sheet, Federal Realty remains one of the small number of REITs that truly has appropriate leverage, limited near term debt maturities, and excess cash to pursue external growth opportunities. With three quarters behind us and on the heels of a very solid third quarter performance, we're comfortable raising our expectations for 2009 FFO per share to a range of $3.75 to $3.77 as compared to the $3.72 to $3.77 range that we established after our capital raising in August. This increase includes the absorption of $1.4 million of accelerated unamortized debt fees brought about by the $100 million term loan pay down, but of course excludes settlement and anticipated appeal costs associated with the Santana Row litigation that we estimated around $0.35 per diluted share for all of '09. In addition, we're establishing our initial guidance for 2010 FFO per share of $3.80 to $3.88. This certainly isn't the 8% to 10% growth that we discussed historically, but demonstrates stable performance from our best-in-class portfolio. With an operating environment that remains pretty difficult, and 14 months until we close out 2010, we're certainly more comfortable with the lower end of our 2010 guidance range than we are about the midpoint. The primary assumptions in our 2010 guidance are, marginally positive, same center property operating income growth both including and excluding redevelopments, reflecting flat, slight declines in occupancy that Don discussed throughout the year offset by a portion of our 2009 leasing activity being delivered in 2010. Still too early to pin down the specific growth rates here, but we should have a better idea on February's conference call. We expect to continue holding the line with respect to cost control measures resulting in slight decreases in G&A from 2009 to 2010. About $5 million a quarter remains a pretty good run rate. We expect relatively flat interest expense in 2010 versus 2009 with no significant capital markets activities expected. This excludes the approximately $2.5 million in fees that we paid in 2009 to execute the tender offer and pay down the term loan. Once again, we'll have significant cash balances and undrawn credit facility going into 2010, lower levels of interest income associated with excess cash as the rate assumptions of deposits are down reflecting current, lower current rates, and a higher-weighted average share count reflecting the full impact of the recent 2 million share offering in 2010. Finally, our guidance reflects no acquisition volume, though candidly, we'd be disappointed if we weren't able to make acquisitions progress throughout the year. Our continued long-term approach and proactive focus on everything we do from operations to balance sheet management has put us in a strong liquidity and capital position. We feel very good about the foundation we laid and how we're positioned for what lies ahead. That's what we have for prepared remarks. Operator we'll now open the call to your questions.
Operator:
 :
Christie McElroy  UBS: Andy, can you just reconcile for me what were the main drivers behind the increase in full year guidance especially given that it now includes that $1.4 million, that amortization cost?
Andrew Blocher: Well I think a good portion of it was a reflection of our better than the Street expectation performance in the third quarter. And we beat by a solid $0.03 and we're rolling that forward into our full year guidance.
Donald Wood: I'll tell you Christie, the biggest part of that really was, we had assumed that there would be more rent relief that lasted throughout this year than was the case. And I think we've been able to kind of navigate through that at least to this point better than we thought we'd be able to and so we had the room.
Christie McElroy  UBS: Then just following up on Andy's comments earlier, just kind of a broader question. After having been through the last year and experiencing what happened with leasing, with capital markets, how would you say your longer term approach to those leasing as well as balance sheet strategy have changed if at all.
Donald Wood: Well, I mean, it's still evolving. I mean there is no question the leverage that we have is just nothing compared to the leverage that we had 18 months ago, and I know that's stating the obvious, but it certainly means that with every deal that we negotiate, we're looking very hard at what we're doing for that shopping center for the long term, and when I say that I mean three, four, five, six years. And so the economics are definitely not as good in the deals that we're doing, but we hold very, very strong in things like co-tenancy clauses and the non-financial parts of the deal and we won't waiver on that stuff and frankly, the quality of the portfolio allows us to get something for that. So the answer is you've got less general renters in terms of numbers on the side and the deals are not as good. But because of the quality, we're seeing activity at deals that still make sense economically for Federal.
Christie McElroy  UBS: And then just lastly, regarding the 8-K you released yesterday, just wondering if you could walk me through sort of your thought process and tying [inaudible] to acquisition volume. There don't appear to be any economic or performance parameters around the acquisitions. Do you have any of those internally, and can you speak to those, and sort of what does it say about any changes to your acquisition strategy in terms of becoming more aggressive or changing your IRR expectations.
Donald Wood: Yes, I'm glad you asked that question. I really don't want you to read much into that deal at all. It will have absolutely no impact on the type of property, the amount of properties that we do at all. Here's exactly what happened; I really felt at this point that I wanted to make sure Jeff was here over the next three years. Jeff is a key part of this team and you really can't look at Jeff kind of independently. He works with an investment committee that has been together for a long time. So here's what happened. To lock Jeff down, he wanted some more upside as we all do when we negotiate contracts. If he is successful, if the company, frankly, is successful in being able to make some decent acquisitions over the next few years, Jeff's going to make a little bit more money. And so it was really an economic deal much more than a strategic deal. And it was just between me and the Chief Investment Officer of this company that we really wanted to retain, so nothing more than that. That's the deal that he negotiated. When you put it in the context of how the investment committee works at Federal, there are seven people that have to approve deals, it's not going to in any way result in the diminution of the quality or the type of product that we've kind of shown you what we've done over the past five, seven years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley: You mentioned you expect some fallout after the holidays. I mean could you just maybe provide a little color there? Are there segments that you're particularly worried about that you see things happening after at the beginning of next year or maybe just a little more color on that comment?
Donald Wood: Let me give you a general point. Chris Weilminster here, who runs leasing for us, may want to amplify this as it goes. I think what I'm talking about is plain old general, prudent business judgment that has certainly seen a reduction across the board in tenant sales levels. We know that inventory levels will be generally very low through the holiday season. It really had been very little signs of an improvement. And so for those companies, and it's not really specifically category related at all, but for those retailers that have been unable to reduce costs, change the product mixes, figure out how to do business well in kind of this new world, they're not going to be able to hold on forever. I wouldn't expect those merchants to give up in October, November, and December, but in some cases they're not going to be able to hold out in January, February, and March. So it's kind of a broad comment in my view at least, more than specifically looking at a particular retailer or even a specific category. I don't know Chris if you have anything to add to that.
Chris Weilminster: Yes, I think Don really answered the question very well from our perspective. It's very competitive out there, and if you're not on top of your game, I think after the holidays, the weaker players are going to have some real struggles and we're going to see some fallout. We don't know who they are, but I agree with Don whole heartedly. I don't think you can nail a specific category, I think its broad based and it's going to be based on the retailers that are not performing or that are not competitive in their specific categories.
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley: That expectation is budgeted in your positive same-store NOI outlook for next year?
Donald Wood: Yes. And that comes down to the major point of this company. There's a lot to be said for old leases and high quality properties that are not necessarily out in the new housing markets that are really in [inaudible] locations. And so we should still see the ability to create more value with existing leases offset by a net reduction in occupancy probably.
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley: My other question is just about cap rates. There's been a lot of discussion this quarter about cap rate compression and I just wanted to get a feel for what you're seeing in terms of the few deals that are out there and how much things might have come down over the past three to six months.
Don Wood: Jeff, you want to take it? As you know, Jeff is our chief investment officer.
Jeffrey Berkes: You're right. There's been a few deals that have happened, and I think that's great for a number of reasons. One, anybody that's sort of been sitting on the fence afraid to sell because they didn't want to be the first mover, that's kind of taken away now and hopefully that will allow some more transactions to happen as we move into 2010. But two, I think the pricing on the deals, and I'd hesitate to draw too many conclusions because it is just a very small sample of transactions, the pricing has actually been fairly good and whether or not that's better than expected kind of depends on who you're talking to. I wouldn't really say that there's been cap rate compression because there really weren't any or many deals three, six, or nine months ago to compare the current deals to, right? So it is a little bit better than what everybody expected probably. I think that that's actually great for the market because I think it will get, like I said earlier, more people eventually to sell. And as it relates to us, as Don said earlier, we're not under any illusion that there's going to be a ton of properties out there to buy where we can immediately see how we're going to grow the NOI of those properties. So we're going to be very, very selective about what we buy. And we're going to buy properties where we think we're not going to be swimming upstream against declining NOI for the next three, four, five years. We're going to buy assets where, when the economy recovers, we think we're going to be able to add the value. And quite frankly, we've seen precious few of those deals in the last 18 months. So I think we've still got a long ways to go.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wigginton  Macquarie Research Equities.
David Wigginton  Macquarie Research Equities: Don, historically, you've, Andy, I think you've said this as well, you wanted to raise capital when you had a relatively immediate use for it so as to be as efficient as possible in your capital raising. What was different this time around with the capital raises in August?
Donald Wood: Let me start Andy. Andy's dying. He just moved up to the phone, Dave. He's ready to take it. But, let me say one thing first. Everything was different in 2009 in total  absolutely everything. And listen, the uncertainty that started in September of 2008 in the capital markets and worked our way through the first part of this year wasn't completely abated in July and August, at least from our point of view. And so the idea of being able to test the waters and make sure that we could prove our own thesis, that varied capital markets, unsecured, secured, bank and equity were available to us was a very important part of us determining how we're going to run this place for the next three and four years. And even before we pay back $100 million of the term loan which we just did a couple of weeks ago, we would not have done that had we not had more visibility and more comfort as to our ability to raise capital. And so I think, of course, in a perfect world, you raise money with the use, you put it to work. And that, in a more normalized situation, is how we'll always run the company But when you look at September of 2008 through today even or certainly through September of 2009, understanding where those limitations were for us was a very important part of our business plan going forward. I hope that helps, Dave.
David Wigginton  Macquarie Research Equities: And the uncertainty you referred to is abated in your view now?
Andrew Blocher: Yes, Dave, to some extent. That's why, as an example, yes we've got a fully undrawn $300 million credit facility at a very cheap rate. But we're still going to hold after the pay down of the 8.75 notes on December 1 and this term loan pay down that Don talked about, we're still going to hold $175 million worth of cash on the balance sheet. I think that that's the prudent approach right now. I don't think anybody is sounding the all clear that everything is fine and everything was the way it was back in '07. So it's just a matter of appropriately managing our risk and the pay down of the term loan was really a recognition of the fact that we had financing insurance and we were just cutting back, not eliminating, the amount of financing insurance that we had.
Jeffrey Berkes: Dave, if there's one word you should put next to this company every single time, it's the word balance. And it's a completely balanced approach that tries to keep us in the middle of the river and not to either shore.
David Wigginton  Macquarie Research Equities: I have a question. Don, how would you classify the hit list you referred to earlier in the call as far as markets and maybe number of assets and what other earning portfolios that have caught your eye at this point?
Donald Wood: Yes, sure. Our hit lists are something we've maintained here for years and they're kind of a living, breathing, dynamic thing as we learn more about what's going on at the individual property levels in each of our target markets, but roughly speaking it's an excess of 100 million square feet of property. I think it 600 properties roughly. And we work that list daily, basically, and properties come on, properties go off. But it's a fairly deep list of assets that when we get all the information on the asset, the rent roll, the tenant sales, and all that kind of stuff, assets that we think would help us grow the company.
David Wigginton  Macquarie Research Equities: And are any of those in markets that maybe you're not in right now?
Donald Wood: No. It's where we are. We may mess around the edges a little bit there when you think of the Charlottesville area that we're in today and going a little further south maybe into Raleigh-Durham. In fact, I'm sorry I even said that because you'll write that and now you'll hold us to that, so please don't do that. It's basically the markets were in, but around the edges of that you may see a little expansion. It depends.
Andrew Blocher: Yes, we're not looking at Dallas, Des Moines, and Denver. We're sticking to the coast.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Schmidt  Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Craig Schmidt  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Given the greater stability and I guess predictable nature of the marketplace right now, are there any of your 17 redevelopment projects that you might want to start kick-starting?
Donald Wood: I'd have to say, and this is an individual-by-individual assessment there, I think we need better visibility on retail demand before we do that. We're not going to spec them, and so the good news is there are opportunities within this portfolio that we are very actively working through at the early stages, some in the middle stages, etc. But putting a shovel in the ground and creating new products without understanding the retail demand is probably not something you're going to see us doing. So I'd like to kind of defer your question until the next quarter and maybe two more quarters to give you a better answer to really see how the economy, and particularly in the markets that we're in, is it really bottoming out. And what kind of stability are we going to have? We're having, during that time, very active conversations with the retailers that we do business with on a regular basis. They are certainly starting to stick their toe back in the water, but we need to make sure that the economics work. And I don't have enough visibility there yet.
Craig Schmidt  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thinking about the acquisitions you do, the sort of off-market and directed, I guess the 600 hit list, wouldn't you expect that market to open up later than maybe the more corporate-bided deals that are starting to emerge that those sellers would have to be maybe as comfortable as you need to be starting the before they would start want to sell a property.
Donald Wood: Jeff and I are going to have different views on this. He's looking at me shaking his head  I want to say something. So this is how open we are with you. So let me start, and yes, I'm going to take the risk that Jim is going to completely disagree with me. Yes, I would think so. He was shaking his head no, so you'll hear from him in a second. I do think it will take longer. And the reason is the product that we want, the quality of the product that we want, the sellers and the owners of that product simply have more alternatives. It's better products. They are not in the level of distress to the extent of the lesser properties, and so I think it will start later. The thing I want to add to that before I turn it over to Jeff though, never forget one of the key advantages of this company is that we're really not that big. It's 85 properties that we own. They're good, and to move the needle here we don't need the volume. The idea of three or four shopping centers a year, maybe five, depending on what will happens, it's meaningful here. So we're not looking for the mass opportunities because there aren't mass opportunities in the quality of the product that we really want. Jeff, where am I wrong?
Jeffrey Berkes: Well, Craig, this might surprise you, but I don't really disagree with Don. I just think, look, Andy said this earlier, nobody's sounding the all clear signal yet. We are far from being out of the woods. There's still a lot of stuff that's got to be worked through with the banks and the special servicers, so on and so forth. And I don't think anybody knows how that's going to unfold. So my answer would have been, it depends. It depends on a lot of things that I don't think anybody has a clue about right now. So we'll see, but I fundamentally agree with what Don said.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O'Neill & Partners.
Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O'Neill & Partners: On earlier calls, you guys had spoken about how sort of the unseasoned tenants were having a bit more difficulty, those who had opened up recently. I just want to get an update. Are these tenants finding their footing, or are they still struggling?
Donald Wood: Yes, that's really a great point. You're not really talking to the best person to give you the best answer about that because we don't have a lot of it. When I've talked about that in the past, I really spoke about it in relation to our Rockville Town Square project, for example, where we had just opened up in here in the beginning of this recession, people who had not found their footing were struggling. That has stabilized, at least at that property and properties like that that we have. That has stabilized. Now it stabilized at a lower tenant sales level than they thought they were going to originally do, and so that's why there's more rent relief. There's probably an overall rent adjustment there. I can tell you Rockville Town Square is a really good example. There's a project we thought we were going to earn a 13.5% yield on. We're going to wind up, when that settle done, doing 10, 10.5, and that is exactly the issue that we're talking about. So I think if you talk to some other companies who have maybe a larger proportion of their real estate in markets in that situation, they can give you a more general answer or a broader based answer. But that's what we see.
Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O'Neill & Partners: And then just going back to the Jeff Berkes, to the 8-K yesterday. Two things  one, given that the deal wasn't finalized, just wondering what prompted the public filing. And then two, if I'm doing the math and reading the document correctly, it sort of sounds like you'd have to do maybe $500 to $600 million of acquisitions a year for Jeff to sort of match what he's made historically. Maybe I'm not getting it totally, but just want to get your thoughts there.
Donald Wood: Yes, a couple of quick things. First of all, we filed because we have to file. Jeff's the reporting executive officer of the company. So anything that is done with any of our compensation agreements has to be filed, and we use the 8-K to effectively do that. So frankly this really doesn't, I don't mean to  I'm going to tell Jeff this isn't the most important thing to Federal. But if we didn't have to file I don't even think there'd be a question or two, and there probably shouldn't be as it relates to me. But with respect to his deal, yes we assume we'll be able to do $500 million, $700 million, a $1 billion, as I've talked about before, of acquisitions, but it's not per year. It's over the three-year period for him to do what he has to do there. And offline you can certainly, I mean Andy will probably go through and maybe Jeff will go through the deal with you. I don't know, maybe he'll renegotiate it with you. But that's the volume level that needs to be to keep his current deal. If it's more, he makes more.
Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O'Neill & Partners: I'll go offline with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Mueller  JP Morgan.
Michael Mueller  JP Morgan: Pretty much everything else has been answered, but one for Andy. If the acquisitions do materialize and they pick up, and at some point, you have to go back and raise some debt capital. The $100 million that you paid down from the term loan, can that be re-accessed, or is that permanently paid off?
Andrew Blocher: No, that's permanently paid off, and typically, what you'll see is with your credit facility you can borrow and repay at will. But with respect to the term loan once you repay it, it's gone forever.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets.
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets: I'm looking again at the cash that you guys have left over. And I mean aside from becoming a bank I guess, if you invest that cash in properties, then you've got maybe $0.20 to $0.25 on your share count, the leftover $175 million of FFO. And I'm wondering how we should think about that given your guidance? I realize that your guidance doesn't include any acquisitions specifically, but somewhere we've got to put something in the neighborhood of $0.20 to $0.30 of acquisitions. And how should we think about that? So is that an '11 thing or a late 2010, or what do you think?
Donald Wood: You've got a tough job, Rich. You've got to make those assessments. It's not easy.
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets: I know, and I'm trying to figure out just where to put this.
Donald Wood: Well listen, let me make a couple of comments, and maybe they're obvious; maybe they're not. As we run the company and we plan for the company, we don't have the visibility today to be able to tell you, here's what you ought to be able to model in terms of our allocation of capital. We certainly are trying to set ourselves up so that however the world kind of plays out, we'll be protected and have the most flexibility. I think our choice is to not give you any guidance at all. And then I know a lot of our competitors are not giving guidance. And when we talked about it and thought about how to best do this, we thought it was better to give you as much about how we think about running the company and what's there, and the guidance associated with that kind of base case. Whether for Federal, again, because we're not going to be out probably, not definitively but probably, doing major portfolios and things like that, because it really is more of a one-off, two-off, three-off kind of approach, the guessing and modeling and the timing for that is very difficult to do. I really don't know what else to tell you. Andy, do you have anything else you want to say to Rich on this?
Andrew Blocher: No I mean, but Rich with respect to the cash balances, we're in a constant state of evaluation as to where our cash balances are, where our opportunities are with respect to acquisitions or debt repayment, based on our review of the capital markets. I mean I think that you're taking a very kind of programmatic approach, which says that Federal Realty will deploy all of its capital in a certain time frame. We need to evaluate that day by day, week by week, month by month, quarter by quarter.
Donald Wood: I'll add one other thing to you, Rich. If we are six and nine months from now and there has been no loosening of this market, we cannot find any place to put it, you can expect us to pay down more of that term loan. And now that's not a great use of capital, because it's not what we want to do for a living out there, but it's a whole lot more creative than keeping it sitting in a bank earning very, very little. So ask the question each quarter, and hopefully there'll be more visibility that we can impart on you.
Richard Moore  RBC Capital Markets: That would have been the next question, so yes that's very helpful. So bottom line, though, we'll probably all end up above your guidance at some point, right, because we'll probably all have our own ideas of when you might deploy that? Obviously, you guys are the only ones that will deploy it, but we'll probably be above guidance, I think, as a group. The other thing is, TIs kind of spiked in the quarter. Did you guys address that? I don't think you addressed that. Is there anything special going on there?
Donald Wood: No, not particularly. I mean we did, Chris and I talk about this a lot in terms of just philosophically how we want to compete with retailers for, or with other landlords for retailer space. There is no question because of our situation, we will make  you can call it a TI, call it an investment, whatever you want  we will make an investment in a retailer that we think is the right deal, that's credit worthy, that makes all the sense in the world to get them to a spot. It is an arrow in our quiver, our cash position, that we should use judiciously. We do use it judiciously, and it's not a matter of buying deals because we won't do that. We will put out capital, we will get paid for that capital, either get paid in the rent or we'll get paid in a very specific interest cost on that capital. But to this point, all you're looking at is just kind of the normalcy of specific deals that happened and nothing out of the ordinary. But as I say, it is a competitive advantage that we have to be able to help get the right retailer in the right spot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus: I'm wondering, either Jeff or Don, how you currently are looking at what your hurdles are. And I know every deal is different. But where would you be investing and what kinds of transactions have you looked at that you have ended up not winning? And specifically there have been a few recent, major high quality transactions that others have done and where were you on those?
Donald Wood: Nate, let me start with what we need to do to make money. I think we've been very consistent in saying if we don't believe we can put capital to work at returns that are incremental to our overall cost of capital, then it makes no sense to do it. And I think we've got a pretty reasonable understanding of our overall cost of capital and I think this is consistent with what I've said in the past. I think when you combine where we are on our debt costs to what I believe shareholders are looking for on our equity costs  and we kind of spread that 40% debt or so, 60% equity as a rough guideline you can get pretty comfortable that our overall cost of capital is somewhere between 8.6, 8.7 and 9%. And so, within that range, regardless of what the going in cap rate is or what we think is going to happen in year 2 or year 3, we've got to put money to work in excess of those rates and the premium in excess of those rates. And that obviously it's not a cap rate, that's an IRR. But the premium is risk adjusted. If it's a stable acquisition, the premium that we require over those rates is small. If it's something that's got a little more hair on it, a little more risky, then we want a bigger premium. And that's how we run the business. And from there, let me turn it over to Jeff to talk about some of the specific deals and why we would lose them.
Jeffrey Berkes: Well Nathan, actually we didn't lose any of the specific deals because we didn't bid on anything that's traded recently or is going to trade. Again, we are looking for assets that have great locations, where retailers can do sales and where when we get out of the economic situation we're in right now, we can grow NOI. And we haven't seen anything that fits that bill except for one off market deal that nobody's really aware of yet that's going to happen. So we haven't lost any bidding contests because we haven't seen anything that we wanted to bid on for quite a while.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus: Don, first of all, based on your comments about yesterday's 8-Ks, refreshing to hear that contrary to popular believe, capitalism is still alive in D.C. Just a quick question on the leasing and trying to get a sense of where your new tenants are coming from, over the last I guess call it three to six months, could you break out in terms of your new leases, how many of them would you say were poached, neighboring centers versus new to market deals.
Donald Wood: I don't know that I can do that. I can tell you anecdotally and then maybe Chris has more specifics, I doubt it. I can tell you anecdotally there's a half a dozen of the deals that we've probably done this year so far. I mean, this year we've done  a better part  about 200 deals, somewhere this year or so. Of those, the first nine quarters, there's certainly been a half a dozen that I can think of, where they were poached that have come in. Chris, there may be a lot more than that, I don't know. But as I kind of said in my prepared remarks, what is really interesting is the broad base of new leasing that is happening. I keep hearing that well, there's only this particular category or that particular type of tenant or this particular size tenant that is doing deals. And I'll tell you, we don't see that. And I don't know if it's just an anomaly but we are doing shop deals, we are doing restaurant deals, we are doing anchor deals. And so it really is a combination of everything. And the only thing that has changed over the past couple of years in terms of those type of deals or the deals that we do, is that we have far less leverage because there are less people fighting for the same space. And so the economics are just not as good. But other than that, it is a very broad-based situation that we're in. And I know that sounds different than everybody else and the only reason I can think of that is because these are all in field located properties.
Chris Weilminster : I would just say the word  I wouldn't use the word really poaching. What I would use is that there's fundamentally a retailer's desire in this market to improve the real estate in their locations. And they look at our real estate when we go out and canvass these tenants. And we approach them with opportunities within our centers as saying they can do materially better sales in our centers than where they might be today. So if you want to call that poaching, you can. I see that as retailers clearly wanting to enhance their position in both the short and long term. As far as the anchor tenants go right now, we are starting to see the stronger anchor tenants show a little bit more life and show a desire to expand. And they're doing the same exact thing, they are looking to enhance and improve. And these anchor tenants are starting to become more flexible in their prototypical layouts to actually look at taking real estate that works better in older centers like ours, where we have less flexibility to expand the spaces. And they're saying I'll downsize from a 50,000 square footprint to a 38,000 square foot space because I know I'm going to do better and I can run my business more efficiently. That's how I would more look at it and that's what we're becoming the beneficiaries of.
Nathan Isbee  Stifel Nicolaus: And is there anything to report in terms of an update on Santana Row office leasing?
Donald Wood: More activity, but I've got no signed papers. If you're interested we can cut you a deal.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: Question on, I guess, just in terms of what has been addressed this far for 2010 leasing in terms of the renewals?
Donald Wood: I don't think I get it, I'm sorry, ask the question again.
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: In terms of your 2010 lease expirations, do you  just where do you stand at this point in terms of indications of tenants that plan on staying in place on the renewal side?
Donald Wood: I'm not sure really how to answer that other than we really don't track of all the expirations here is how many are done yet or here's how many we are. We're active negotiations with everybody. The one thing we're seeing on renewals, or at least I think we're seeing on renewals and Chris, you can tell me if I'm wrong, is there is a real desire to not necessarily change spaces if you're in a place that is a kind of known quantity to you in terms of what you're going to be able to do. Well Chris is absolutely right, people are trying to improve their real estate. If they're in a center that has historically been a strong center, there is a real desire to get the deal renewed. And so we're running through that. So there really isn't much of a change in terms of getting the renewals done that way. I will tell you change is in the negotiation of the economics and so that takes longer 
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: And you had mentioned that you weren't willing to do shorter-term deals. I mean, are you seeing tenants looking to make that switch?
Donald Wood: No, that's not what I said. We are willing to do shorter-term deals in a number of situations. What I was trying to say I think you're referring to my prepared 
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: It's to the prepared remarks, yes.
Donald Wood: What we're unwilling to do is to do uneconomic deals for the short term. In other words, we've got occupancy that will go from, on a particular center, 94 to 93 or 93 to 92 or something like that. And in order to boost occupancy, doing an uneconomic deal that is good for the short term but is not good for the long term that is what I was referring to that we won't do. But certainly, a tenant who is in place, who is not sure of where they are in the market right now, their sales level is somewhat off, will we do a short-term deal to buy them time and buy us time to figure out where they're going to go longer term? Sure, absolutely. So we will do shorter terms and you kind of see that historically in our numbers. Terms and deals are of a slightly shorter duration than they have been historically.
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: And you mentioned still seeing positive NOI next year. I know you have a lower amount of anchor space rolling than typically. Is that one of the factors that drives perhaps your lower than expected or lower than typical same-store NOI? I know you've talked about occupancy perhaps dipping as much as 100 basis points.
Donald Wood: Yes, I mean of all the things that we've got, that emulate out in our guidance, the one I am scared to death, or scared more of than everything else, is whether there will be same-store positive NOI or not. I do expect still, as I said, lower occupancy at least in the first part of the year. And if we have that, I'm kind of counting on deals that are going to be done that make up for that from an NOI perspective. But whether that happens or not is really hard to predict. So we're going to be about flat, maybe up a little bit, maybe down a little bit. That's the one that's the hardest thing to predict. It is not only because of less anchor deals that are turning, but it's mostly because of pressure on shop rents and baby anchor rents that are hard to predict right now. So that's kind of what we're looking at. I just know it will hold up better than if we were in those next level of suburbs.
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: And you mentioned bad debt trending a little better; can you give us a sense of where that stands at this point?
Donald Wood: Yes, yes, there's the bad debt number they want to see. Here's a great example. Let me give you some actual numbers, all right. If you started  historically we've run less than 1% of revenues as bad debt expense and that's roughly $1 million a year or something like that. The fourth quarter of 2008 we recorded over $3 million of bad debt expense; the first quarter of '09, $2.4 million; the second quarter of '09, $1.5 million; the third quarter of '09, $900,000. So that  which is really still high but closer to what it's been historically. Now whether it stays like that, goes up a little bit or goes down a little bit more, we've got much more predictability in that respect than we had just three and six months ago where it was really  had some big, big, big number. So if you kind of factored in somewhere around 1.2%, 1.3% of revenues, you'd probably have our best guess.
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: Lastly, could you just talk about any updates on Assembly Square at this point?
Donald Wood: Yes. I didn't know anybody cared, but the  but we do because we are getting closer to getting something that is in a position to at least increase the land value and maybe make some sense. During the quarter, we closed with IKEA on the land swap, which gives us the critical piece of land adjacent to the Mystic River to build-out the site, if that can ever happen, to the most advantageous way. That deal has been in the works for a long time, but the fact that it actually closed was a really big plus for us during the quarter. So everything we're working on Assembly Square from the standpoint of subsidies from the federal, the state, the local government to the planning of the project to moving to the [T-stop] and getting that funded are all moving forward. And kind of to demonstrate that we moved our head of development, Don Briggs, up to Boston. So whether there's ever a project there that can make some sense economically or not, we don't know. As I was saying before on the development side we need better visibility as to revenue. But we certainly are, I believe, increasing the value of that land with each of these major steps that we take along the way. So please don't put any valuation in there for it yet, because who knows? But there will a time when I'm going to ask you to put some value in there I would bet and then we'll see where we are then.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christy McElroy  UBS.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: Hey, it's Ross Nussbaum here with Christy. Don, I wanted to ask you a question. I was intrigued by your comments surrounding what you think your weighted average cost of capital is and can't say I disagree because we peg it somewhere between 8.5% and 9% today. If I run an IRR analysis on what that might mean in terms of going in cap rate, assuming some reasonable level of property level cash flow growth over a five, 10-year hold, it would suggest that you'd be able to buy at going-in yields in the low to mid 7% cap rate range and still make deals relative to your cost of capital. Is that how you're thinking about things?
Donald Wood: Did Jeff Berkes ask you to ask this question because we often are looking hard at not only what going-in cap rates are for the purposes of understanding going-in cap rates, but most importantly to understand how we would take those and how we would take that NOI stream and underwrite it, which is tough how to figure out over the next 10 years or so. But everything we look at suggests the way you're explaining it, Ross, is very much in line with the way we're looking at it.
Jeffrey Berkes: Can I just add there's a lot of property fundamentals that we look at, too. We're looking at where in-place rents are relative to market obviously. We're looking real hard at trade areas and void analyses to make sure there's going to be continued demand. We're looking at barrier to entry, traffic patterns, all that kind of stuff. So it's art and science and I think you're just talking about the science side of it.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: So should I take that to mean  your cost of capital is probably lower than many potential buyers out there today, although you do use potentially some slightly less leverage but I guess what I'm trying to ask is would you be in a position where you're prepared to pay more than the average Joe in the market just because of your cost of capital advantage?
Donald Wood: I think it's very possible that that would be the outcome on certain deals that we really want and I believe that because of the cost of capital, but mostly I believe that because I think we  I think we truly do have a competitive advantage in terms of how to redevelop and re-tenant and increase tenant sales at in field shopping centers. I think we're really good at that. And so  and that works its way out into the underwriting, it considers the cost of capital, we certainly consider where the property is and what we believe  that all ties in. And if the endpoint is that that we'd pay a little bit more to get it, it's very possible that could happen, yes.
Ross Nussbaum  UBS: So if that's the case, given where we've seen a number of assets trading in the last couple of months, why not pick up the phone, call everybody you know and say, "Hey, I'm willing to buy your asset at 7.25%, 7.5% cap rate? I mean I would think there would be a lot of people who would hit that bid today in this market.
Donald Wood: Of course we do that, Ross. We do that all the time. And no, there's not a lot of people that say, oh, okay, so we'll do it. But there  listen  I know it feels like we've been in this malaise or this period of time forever, but it really isn't forever. It's really been 15 months or whatever that is there and over the broader timeframe as we run this company you will see some of that stuff. I just can't tell you the date and time that that happens.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird & Company.
Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird & Company: Andy, just a quick follow-up on the bad debt expense commentary, is the guidance inferred for next year; is that the 1.3% number Don had mentioned?
Andrew Blocher: Yes, that's about right.
Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird & Company: And then in terms of, Don, just a quick question, on the tenant fallout that you're thinking about may happen, can you give us just a little bit more color on whether that you're thinking about that from a geographic perspective issue or is it more of a credit issue as it relates to mom and pops versus a regional or national tenant?
Donald Wood: No, first of all I'm not thinking about it geographically particularly, although I will say California absolutely has been harder hit for us than our Northeast markets and the  really than all of our East Coast markets. And so proportionately we may see more here. But I am not thinking about that in a specific way. I'm absolutely thinking about it in a  from a broad perspective. I'm not thinking about anchor versus small shop or restaurant versus non-restaurant or any other categories like that. I'm thinking of it from the perspective of retailers who with lower sales levels have not figured out how to run their business profitability. I believe many of them and I think that's a great thing but some of them, who have not been the leaders in their particular areas anyway are having a harder time doing that and certainly they're not going to be able to hold on forever that way. And so logically I would just expect to see more of them giving up the ship in the first quarter of 2010 than I would in the third or fourth quarter of '09.
Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird & Company: Don, just again a follow-up on your search for visibility on retailer demand; are there macrometrics that you're looking at or is that just a function of you just talking to a lot of retailers and getting a better sense from your conversations?
Donald Wood: It's the latter.
Operator: At this time, ma'am, there are no further questions. You may continue.
Donald Wood: Thank you everybody and for all those folks that will be in Phoenix next week, I'm really looking forward to spending more time with you and so we'll see you at NAREIT out there. Thanks for being on.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Gena Birdsall  IR Coordinator Donald Wood  Chief Executive Officer Andrew Blocher  Chief Financial Officer Jeffery Berkes  EVP, CIO
Analysts: Jeffrey Donnelly  Wachovia Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley David Wigginton  Macquarie Research David Flick  Stifel Nicolaus Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O"Neill Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs Richard Moore  RBC Jim Sullivan  Green Street Advisors
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the first quarter 2009 Federal Realty Investment Trust earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to introduce the conference leader, Miss Gena Birdsall.
Gena Birdsall: Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today are Don Wood, Andy Blocher, Dawn Becker and Jeff Berkes. These and other members of our management team are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our first quarter 2009 supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to the Trust's operating and financial performance. This document is currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results.  Although Federal Realty believes expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. Risks inherent in these assumptions include but are not limited to future economic conditions including interest rates, real estate conditions and the risks and costs of construction.  The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosures and documents provide a more in depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. I'll now turn the call over to Don Wood to begin our discussion of first quarter 2009 results.
Donald Wood: Good morning everybody. We had a really good start to 2009 considering the state of the economy and capital markets from both a balance sheet and income statement perspective. On the P&L, we generated FFO per share of $0.99 which was 6.5% higher than the $0.93 we recorded in 2008 excluding the legal judgments that we've been expecting for over a year and I'll talk about that later. On the balance sheet side, we very successfully refinanced and upsized our term loan a couple of days ago to put to bed the financing of all maturities for the next couple of years. Andy will cover that in more detail in a few minutes. When talking about the quarter, let me first start with leasing and note that we complete 68 comparable deals for 332,000 square feet at an average rate of $31.42 a foot, 16% more than the rent the previous tenant was paying and that's cash basis. When you break that down further, you'll see that two-thirds of those deals were renewals with old leases at 26% higher rent with no down time and very little capital needs. The Toys R Us renewal in Rockland, Maryland and Wachovia Bank renewal in Persephone, New Jersey are a couple of good examples of the benefit of having held on to great well established real estate over the years where both the shopping center itself and the demographics around it have improved markedly. We're also off to a good start in the second quarter with a couple of similar renewals. Now the other one-third of the deals done in the first quarter were with new tenants with only a slight increase to the previous rent and are symptomatic of the leverage tenants have today, particularly for space that isn't perfectly situated even in very good shopping centers.  The more deeply you examine the leasing detail behind the statistics in the next few quarters, the more you'll come away convinces that buying and holding only true high quality real estate in locations that continue to improve over time is the best way to partially protect yourself from market conditions that can vary as much as they have in the past 12 months. That mix of old expiring leases in great shopping centers included with current re-tenanting of those centers really is Federal's point of differentiation. On our call last February, I spoke about understanding the correlation between our leasing activity and our earnings by thinking about a bucket being filled from the top but with leaks. While we have I think demonstrated that we can continue to add to the bucket from the top in the form of a steady stream of new and renewed leases, the hard part which began in earnest in the fourth quarter of 2008 and which is certainly continuing in 2009, is to limit the leaks in the bottom of the bucket in the form of bad debt expense, rent relief and outright tenant bankruptcies. These areas are clearly the largest challenges and the least predictable part of our business as we work through the recession. Let me talk about each of these in context. In the first quarter, we recorded bad debt expense of $2.4 million, over $1.4 million more than 1Q '08, though not as bad as the $3.1 million we recorded in the fourth quarter last year. Each quarter we go through a rigorous tenant by tenant review that considers all sorts of ability to pay criteria. We think we're very prudent and we're conservative in that evaluation but we believe that the quarterly year over year comparisons will continue to be negative for at least the second and third quarters. We've tightened up our collection efforts substantially and are very much staying on cash in the door. When it comes to rent relief, we continue to work through some requests on a tenant by tenant basis and we've recently seen a decrease in new requests. Why this is happening is a point of debate around here. Whether it's an indication of a greater level of stability or the relative calm after the first wave of requests but before a second wave comes through after the spring season, remains to be seen. In all, tenant sales are down year over year in Federal's portfolio in the 3% to 5% range on a limited sample of reporting tenants that we see, and not a lot of optimism on recovery any time soon. At this point, roughly one in eight of our tenants have requested relief and only a small fraction of those have received some modification to their lease terms. Every one of these requests is handled individually and there are a myriad of factors that go into our decision making process; the tenant's ability to pay, their ability to find other financing sources, our assessment of their long term viability, their importance to the rest of the shopping center, factual opportunities for the space and half a dozen other considerations. Our overall business is always grounded in our belief as to what decision results in the maximum cash flow to the overall shopping center over the next few years. Every case is different, but we're probably more like than some to deny relief and risk a tenant going dark, thereby carrying a higher vacancy for a time simply because there are more releasing options available to us in the higher quality shopping centers. The decrease in occupancy from 943 at year end to 934 at March 31 in part reflects this philosophy though the major cause of that reduction was the closing of one of our three former Circuit City locations that remained open at year end and the expiration of a Border's lease at Gaithersburg Square that was not renewed. And finally, as it relates to future bankruptcies, we're still at the point where we have to say who knows, but there undoubtedly will be more, the latest being Colleen's Basement of which we have three, and we're very proactive and spend a lot of high level management leasing time preparing for those possibilities and it's a key focus of what we do right now. In terms of leasing in the overall retail environment from my prepared remarks, before I turn it over to Andy to talk about our capital position, let me give you a little color on the lawsuit provision that's included in the P&L in the quarter. Well it's been a long wait for a ruling, but the California Federal Judge in charge of the Santana Row related action against us, finally issue a damage ruling in late April. The ruling concerns our proposed lease or purchase nearly a decade ago of 350 Winchester Ave., an office building on a parcel adjacent to our Santana Row property at San Jose. The judge awarded damages totaling $14.4 million plus interest and although the judgment is not final, we've recorded a provision for litigation of $21 million or $0.35 a share in our P&L which assumes in my view, a worst case scenario. We are as incredulous about the court's logic used in calculating damages as we were when the court upheld the one page proposal letter as a contract in the first place. You can be sure we will vigorously appeal the decision immediately and work through the courts, but we needed to record the full provision in light of the judgment.  As you know, we fully disclosed this contingency for years now in our quarterly and annual filings, including the possibility of an award of up to $24 million. There is more background on this case in the 10-Q as well as the one page proposal letter which we have filed as part of our 8-K supplemental disclosures so you can see where this originated. Let me just finish up my prepared remarks by assuring our investors, our analysis and all the other interested parties, as a result of following our relative boring and conservative business plan in the past seven years, we're uniquely position to handle this economy from a position of strength and calm.  The quality of our properties and the markets that they're in, the low levered balance sheet with manageable maturities, the lack of un-leased developments in the construction phase except for on $40 million building on the west coast, and a host of other conservative principals, allow us to take a longer term view. From that perspective, the future looks bright. There will be opportunities and a way to pay for them that a number of companies including this one if we're disciplined and patient. And we will be. Let me now turn it over to Andy for his remarks. 
Andrew Blocher: Good morning everyone. As Don mentioned we have now raised sufficient capital to refinance all of our 2009 debt maturities which puts in the position of not having any debt coming due until 2011. The response we got from our lenders as we refinanced our term loan was tremendous and exceeded our expectations. Even in these extraordinary times, we were able to upsize our term loan from $200 million to $372 million. Let me tell you a little bit about how we got there. Our $200 million previous term loan had a total of 12 lenders with commitments of between $10 million and $21 million each. Of those 12 lenders, two did not participate in the new loan, principally driven by a change of lending focus on their part or concerns over pricing. Three lenders in the previous deal rolled their combined existing $32 million of exposure to the new term loan. One lender that was not involved in the old term loan established a new $25 million position in this loan. And most exciting to us, seven lenders in the old term loan who had a total of $133 million of exposure increased their collective commitments to $315 million with individual commitments of between $25 million and $100 million each. This support was over and above anything we could have imagined and considering the credit situation over the time period we've been working on this deal. The level of commitments are only part of the story. Not surprisingly the due diligence performed by the banks in this lead as well as our secured lenders on the mortgage financing was far more vigorous than anything we have experienced for quite some time. Obviously those institutions liked what they saw as demonstrated by the increased commitments. The on the ground diligence done on these deals should provide a level of comfort to all of our investors, both debt and equity as to what is happening with our company and with our properties right now in the current economic conditions. Finally, while the new term loan technically has a maturity of a little more than two years, practically the upsizing of these commitments and frankly conversations we've had with banks that both did and didn't participate in this financing, make me very comfortable that total unsecured bank commitments for the Trust, that's a combination of our credit facility and our term loan, are sustainable at current levels. In addition to the term loan, we closed on a $24 million loan secured by Rollingwood Apartments in April and have a commitment and are scheduled to close on a $139 million loan secured by four retail properties in Northern Virginia later this month. All in, our financing activities will provide over $530 million of capital which allows us to put our 2009 debt maturities behind us and free up additional line capacity. That said, we continue to evaluate alternatives to raise additional capital so that we're well positioned to address future debt maturities and take advantage of the opportunities that will inevitably present themselves over the next period of time. As we discussed last quarter, the refinancing of our debt maturities well before the actual fourth quarter maturity date and the additional capacity associated with paying down the line, it does come at a cost. We expect to incur about $10 million of additional interest expenses this year over and above what we did last year; $8 million as a result of raising capital earlier than we otherwise would have. This is at the low end of the $8 million to $9 million range that we discussed last quarter, and $2 million as a result of terming out a portion of our credit facility with excess capital that we raised over and above the amount of our maturing debt. If this were a more stable economic climate, we'd never be so inefficient in this regard, but we continue to believe this financing insurance is the right thing to do to set us up for the future. In terms of guidance, we're leaving our 2009 FFO guidance range unchanged at $3.80 to $3.92 per diluted share. This obviously excludes litigation provision and anticipated appeal costs that we're estimating at $0.36 per diluted share for all of 2009. The primary assumptions in that guidance are; first we expect total property operating income to be slightly higher than what we reported in 2008 largely due to the Florida acquisitions. However, property operating income based on a same center basis, that's including redevelopments, should be basically flat to 2008 2ith the positive leasing efforts we've seen so far this year being offset by increased vacancy and bad debt. We continue to project a $6 million to $7 million in G&A versus 2008 driven by lower overhead and decreased legal fees, obviously excluding the Santana Row litigation. $5 million a quarter in SG&A still remains a good run rate to use. Finally, approximately $10 million of additional interest cost versus '08 as I discussed earlier, reflecting the inefficiency of raising funds early to satisfy our '09 debt maturities and terming out a portion of our line with additional debt offset by lower floating interest rates. With all the uncertainty in the operating environment, we're certainly more comfortable at the lower end of the range than we are at the high end. We'll have a better feel for the operating environment as the year progress. That's what we have for prepared remarks. We'll now open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jeffrey Donnelly  Wachovia.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wachovia: First I have a question or two on leasing. I recognize that conditions are soft, to some degree weakness in leasing performance is to be expected but in your supplemental your new leasing spreads were fairly negligible despite some hefty TI's. Is that a function of market fundamentals exclusively or should we expect it to persist, or is it more indicative of perhaps the unique spaces leased or the type of tenants you placed this quarter.
Donald Wood: It's a combination of both. We tried to in the prepared remarks, when you're talking about doing 60 or 70 deals a quarter for us, first of all a couple of big deals matter as they impacted the results this quarter and they have as you look historically that way. But when it comes to the new deals, there is no doubt that today the leverage is far more with the tenant than it is with the landlord. So when you're talking about great upfront space in a terrific shopping center that they've been trying to get to forever, we still have leverage. When you're talking about more of a secondary space, we don't have that leverage. So it definitely is space by space and when you're talking about a sample size, let's say 60 or 70 leases in a quarter, it can certainly vary in that direction. What I'm trying to say is it would be very hard to give you a run rate on new leases in terms of roll over. I think if you take the past couple of years and you see where the trend has gone in the fourth quarter of 2008 and now the first quarter of 2009, I would certainly see that trend being around where we are today and maybe improving a little bit as the year goes on but it's so dependant upon the specific transactions from that quarter that it's hard to forecast.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wachovia: Building on that, in the past you used to always give metrics around the roll over of your anchor spaces because I believe you had made the point that certain large leases tend to be the driver behind your big step ups in rent. 
Donald Wood: That shouldn't change. It's pretty symptomatic. You kind of see it in the first quarter too and you'll see it in the second quarter. We've already done a couple of deals in the second quarter on anchor spaces that are rolling up pretty significantly, and that's terrific. But when you're asking about the math numbers, the trend is clearly in terms of leverage with tenants at this point. You're still going to see what we've given you in the past in terms of a couple of those deals per quarter which are great deals by any historical standard. They're just very hard to time exactly when they're going to hit.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wachovia: Is it a good thing that a lot of that anchor square footage, it doesn't really accelerate until 2011 or 2012, just looking at your roll over schedule.
Donald Wood : Yes, but you know what? One of the things that we've always said about those roll over schedules is if you look historically, while certainly those are the contractual maturities and you've got options or no options, you make assumptions as to whether the options are exercised or not, lots of stuff happens within that period. And so even though you can't see it on the schedule, that's after the contractual perspective, everything from tenants trying to take advantage of weakness by other tenants and buying out deals, is absolutely still happening. You'll see history is a better indication of the volume of deals that you'll see on both the anchor side than that schedule is, because things change from the contract.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wachovia: On the small shop side, you may not think of it this way but your portfolio is generally running about 100 to 300 of occupancy above your peers, so I guess in real world terms that might be your typical center might have two to four vacant small shop spaces whereas your competitor might have five, six or seven. Does that lead you to think that you'll be less aggressive on pricing or conversely your competitors are going to be more aggressive on discounting to get folks in the door?
Donald Wood: That's probably a pretty good assumption and that ties right down into the value of the real estate. On a portfolio basis, I would assume that we would, and I think that we've demonstrated that we have so far, and I don't see a reason that would change, that we would hold up there and that absolutely would apply. It probably applies more on the small shops than it does on the anchor stuff because the anchor is; these are national problems wherever they are in some cases, as in the case of Colleen's or Circuit or Linens, those things. But on the small shops I still think better locations are certainly going to give us more leverage albeit somewhat diminished from where it was. It's still on a relative basis, much better.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wachovia: Are there any shoots of opportunistic acquisitions out there, maybe out of the pension portfolios or banks, or is it still a little too early for that?
Jeffrey Berkes: I think it's still a little bit too early. We've definitely see more property come to the market in the last 30 to 60 days or so compared with the end of '08 and early '09 but most of what's coming, while it's decent property, it's got a relatively flat or declining NOI stream and not that interesting for us for that reason. I think it is a little bit too early, but we'll see. There's definitely going to be some pressure on a lot of owners going forward. We think there's going to be a lot of opportunity over the next couple of years, but I think you're right. It's not quite here yet.
Donald Wood: But the point I don't want you to miss is there's a big difference at least from my perspective than it was 90 days ago. We have a whole lot better visibility on the cost of capital and we have a whole lot better visibility on the success we would have in being able to raise money to do that. Those things are immensely more optimistic today than it was 90 days ago. So when those opportunities avail themselves, and we're not kind of sitting back waiting for them believe me. We're looking hard for everything that's there. I'm far more confident today that we'll find the money, that we've got the money and in a position to be able to take advantage of it. And that to me is a huge differentiator.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley: Now that you're comfortable with where you cost of capital is, what's your return hurdle? What price are you interested in in a lot of these deals?
Donald Wood: The way to answer is always at least from my perspective on a NOI basis because when we look at it, on a long term basis it's pretty realistic to think that our overall debt portfolio will be priced somewhere in the 7% to 7.25% range, long term, short term etc. You can tell me what the cost equity of that is, but I suspect it's somewhere up in the 10% range. So when you mix it, you're looking at an overall cost of capital here of 9% or maybe a little bit higher than 9%, something in that area. So from an NOI perspective to the extent that we're doing an income producing acquisition, certainly we want it to be, it needs to be additive to that number. The more risk there is associated with a particular acquisition or development as we look in that direction further, the spread needs to be wider. And that's how we look at it. Now whether the going in cap rate for the first year's cap rate is, please make the distinction between NOI and cap rate, but whether the going in cap rate is as far north as you think it need to be to hit those numbers or not is not our sole criteria. It is all about the growth and the particular income stream, redevelopment opportunities in that income stream and we're only going to be doing that in the highest quality properties.  If one thing has come out of this downturn in my head, it cemented what we believed for a long time, but it's really cemented it is you really don't want to give up on quality? It's clear how the quality properties are performing today versus the poorer quality properties. It's crystal clear and with demand, the country is over retailed, without question in my mind. So you'd better be in places that people want to be in to continue to be viable. So we're not going to be chasing acquisitions simply based on going in yield. 
Jeffrey Berkes: I'd caution you about getting too wrapped up about cap rate in this environment because a lot of the properties that we look at, the in place NOI today is most likely not going to be the NOI tomorrow and you're going to hear going forward in this market a lot of cap rates that sound scary high, but when you drill down through the rent rolls and understand what the sustainable NOI is, the cap rate is actually a lot lower. And like Don said, there's a lot that goes into it and for us, it's really about the quality of the location, the intrinsic of the real estate and our ability to grow that NOI stream going forward which really means finding locations where tenants can do sales and finding properties that have in our view below market rent rolls and/or lease up or remerchandising or redevelopment opportunities.
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley: On the vacancy side, from the big box to the mini anchors, how many spaces do you have that are of size and have you looked at the mark to market on those? I know there's bankruptcy obviously, but trying to get a feel for spaces over 10,000 square feet, where are you versus where the market is going now?
Andrew Blocher: Specifically about your question, we've got 10 to 12 what we'd call medium size anchor boxes that we're working on back filling. There is interest in I'd say eight of those boxes, very strong interest that we're just trying to work through the details. As Don said in his remarks, the best time to be negotiating deals with somebody is the largest tenants because the leverage tends to be in their court, but there is interest from those retailers and we are pursuing the best transactions we can to back fill those spaces.
Donald Wood: And overall, replacing the income level on an overall basis, we think we can do.
Paul Morgan  Morgan Stanley: On the term loan, was there an option that you had to trade off rate for a little bit more term instead of just going two years?
Andrew Blocher: As we talked on the last quarter, obviously term was the only downside associated with this. There really wasn't that opportunity. The rate that we're talking here is a market leading rate. We were able to get people there through their understanding of what our business held, but we were not in a position. I really feel like we went out with a very solid rate to start with and we were able to hold that rate and just increase the size. There wasn't a viable trade off there. We couldn't go longer because it was married off the line. The line of credit matures in July of 2010 with a one year extension option and there were concerns that the banks could have that to the extent that things deteriorated in the market, they didn't want to be in a position where the term loan was going past the line of credit and could cause the term loan to become structurally subordinate to the line of credit.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wigginton  Macquarie Research.
David Wigginton  Macquarie Research: I noticed in the quarter, not the quarter but so far year to date you repurchased $11 million of the 8.75 notes that are coming due in December. Obviously that would give great benefit if you were able to buy back more of those. What is the appetite of note holders at this point to sell those back to you?
Andrew Blocher: We've been kind of taking orders as they come in. We haven't formally pursued any mechanism to go out and tender for those notes in any way whatsoever. I think that generally with Federal Realty paper what you've seen is unsecured notes are generally held long term and they're difficult to get back. So what you've been able to see from us so far is just the '09 notes showed up on a bid list. Somebody gave me a call. We were able to strike a deal at a good price.
David Wigginton  Macquarie Research: So your expectation for interest expense to be up does not in any way take into account the one off on the purchase of the notes?
Andrew Blocher: That's correct.
David Wigginton  Macquarie Research: Are you buying those back at par?
Andrew Blocher: I think we made three separate repurchases that we bought them at a price that was slightly below par.
David Wigginton  Macquarie Research: With respect to an equity offering, you mentioned in your update a few weeks ago that you were contemplating it but you held off for the time being. At this point going forward, what would trigger an equity offering? Is it merely just a matter of valuation or would it be related to maybe a specifically identified use?
Donald Wood: It's a lot of things. Certainly the capital markets in general, the consumer markets, more in general are certainly not settled and who knows what the next year or two or three are going to bring, although we can see a little settling out now. But there's still sufficient uncertainty in terms of the environment that I wouldn't want to say that we wouldn't issue equity although if we did issue equity, I think it would be a small amount because everything we do is very balanced.  And all capital markets, the transactions that we try to do are very incremental. Whether that would happen, how that would happen would absolutely be bolstered to the extent there was a great use of proceeds that we wanted to jump all over. Absent that, it's an opportunistic kind of position to be in.  It's a great position to be in really, to be able to say how do we feel about the capital markets in a particular period of time and is there an opportunity to issue a small amount of equity. But the single biggest thing that would make that more desirable is a great use of proceeds that we identify that we wanted to act on.
David Wigginton  Macquarie Research: Have you spoken to investors at all to maybe gauge the level of interest? I image it would be high. I was just wondering if you've had those conversations.
Donald Wood: All I would say is we've become very comfortable that we'd be able to have some very good successful execution.
David Wigginton  Macquarie Research: With respect to the Celine locations what specific centers are those in?
Donald Wood: Relocations that we have; one in Queens New York at Fresh Meadows, one is outside Princeton, New Jersey, one here in Rockville at Mid Pike Plaza which is a redevelopment project. So in total it's about 95,000 square feet, $1.8 million worth of rent annual in total. Which or how many of the three will be rejected or assumed, we just don't know yet.  
David Wigginton  Macquarie Research: I think I read something about 17 of the 25 locations being bought by a New York investment group. Were any of the three on your portfolio purchased by that group?
Donald Wood: Fresh Meadows.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Flick  Stifel Nicolaus.
David Flick  Stifel Nicolaus: On the litigation, it does sound absurd on its face based on your description. You would expect that at an appeal level if this is truly an irrational finding that you would prevail. Are you being advised of that by council and what do you think the likelihood of it is that you're eventually have to reverse this charge.
Donald Wood: First of all, let me just tell you in the 8-K on pages 22 and 23 there's a lot of good stuff on here including in page 23. You've got to read it. It's literally the one page, nine point letter of terms that are being discussed including the very last line that says, "the above terms are hereby accepted by the parties subject only to the approval of the terms and conditions of a formal agreement." And there never was any such agreement. And this is still real estate law. So I know I sound defensive about this because I can not believe that liability was found in this case and then further, damages are crazy.  We're in the middle of interviewing appellate council and Don Becker and I just came back from a meeting a day and a half ago with a very strong firm that we're considering who is extremely optimistic in terms of our ability to prevail here. Now everybody is extremely optimistic when you first look at it and who knows what happens over time, but we will very, very diligently, very, very vigorously go after this and I'm very hopeful it gets reversed. We'll know within 18 months to two years will be the time frame.
David Flick  Stifel Nicolaus: It isn't hard to spend $14 million on legal fees.
Donald Wood: In appeal it is, even with the firm we're talking to. The appellate process right or wrong, and this is Federal Appellate. This is Federal, is a very straight forward process that I'm not saying won't be expensive, but it will be nothing like the damages, a very small fraction of that.
David Flick  Stifel Nicolaus: What is the status of leasing now on the office element of Santana?
Donald Wood: In the building we prospect but there is no leasing done. Now the business is not done, but building is not done yet, but at this point we certainly expect it to be at least in the LOI phase on a couple of deals, and it's soft. Silicon Valley is absolutely soft. Luckily, it's one $40 million building.
David Flick  Stifel Nicolaus: Don't mean to keep opening wounds, but can you review where you stand now on the Rockville project in terms of leasing performance of the upstairs as well as where your yield is going to come out?
Donald Wood: First of all the only thing that confused me about what you just said was upstairs. You know we don't have the residential there. As far as I know the residential upstairs is about 80% to 85%, low 90%'s actually. So what they've gotten, how much people are paying to live there, but the bodies are in the building in the 90% or higher range. In terms of downstairs, we're nearly 100% leased. We have absolutely given more rent relief and have had more rent relief requests at Rockville than throughout the balance of the portfolio. As the year unfolded and we looked at what was going on in terms of trying to pick up trends, it's pretty clear to us that the stuff that just opened up to us in the middle of the recession, and Rockville is the perfect example, it came out 100% lease, but opened up at a time when retailers were not able to get their feet set. They just paid to build out the spaces and so they are struggling disproportionately. We've absolutely seen though stabilization there and if you remember, our initial yield on that project was very fat. It was in the 14% range. So even with rent relief and if you will resetting that will happen over the years ahead, this is still going to be a very profitable project for us, just maybe not at the 14% level, more like 11% to 11.5%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O"Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O"Neill: Just finishing up with Santana Row, once you pay this settlement is there any option to get this property or this think just sits sort of in the middle of your complex?
Donald Wood: First of all, it's hardly in the middle of complex. It is wedged in. It has been wedged in. When the conversations were happening back in 1998, 1999, Santana Row was being planned. I would say boy, wouldn't it be cool to include it. Come 2002 when the property opened, and 2003, it hasn't been an impediment to the property. The reason we didn't buy it is because we really didn't need it. We would have like to have had it, but we really didn't need it. We don't really need it. We've kind of proven that.  But the owner went out and sold the building. And one of the real issues that we have with respect to the lawsuit finding is that we don't believe they have adequately offset the proceeds of the sale of the building to the other buyer. So there's a little bit among all the issues, not just liability, but on the damage calculation, the calculation in our view, doesn't take into account the proceeds that the seller got from somebody other than us. So if you think about it, you add $14 million of a judgment here plus I think it was a $10 million or so of the building that went through, having the plaintiff here get $24 million plus interest on a building that was worth far, far less than that is almost unjust enrichment. So we feel real good on the ability to win here on appeal. But we will not wind up with the building as a result of that, nor do we need it.
Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O"Neill: Switching to the capital markets front, you addressed the equity, but just wanted to get your sense on where you think your credit for unsecured debt would be if you went out to the market today?
Donald Wood: Obviously the market's been moving very, very dramatically especially over the last couple of weeks. I was getting some preliminary thoughts just prior to the call. My guess is we're probably looking at the eights to nines with respect to looking at new tenure unsecured issue. Lower rates seems to be some demand in the five year bucket right now, but obviously that's down from probably 11% to 13% that I would have reported to you three or four weeks ago.
Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O"Neill: As far as pricing, what's your benchmark? How do you say this is now a good rate versus this is just crazy? I'm not going to pay that rate?
Donald Wood: Obviously part of it is do you need the capital and where we stand right now, we're very good with respect to capital having no debt maturities coming through until 2011 and a fully undrawn line of credit. Then it's just a matter of looking at the alternatives that you have available to you. So I don't know that it's as cut and dry as you're making it out to be.
Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O"Neill: I guess I'm thinking more on the apartment side where all the apartment guys are looking at GSC's and then looking at where unsecured is.  Another thing is, what's your sense of the appetite from institutional investors or private money to co-invest in retail real estate today?
Jeffrey Berkes: It's a little bit hard to tell and you're talking about a broad variety of investor types and investor objectives. I think there is a lot of opportunistic money kind of sitting on the sideline waiting for things to get worse and waiting for screaming deals and whether or not the market really revolves to that remains to be seen. I would imagine that there is a fair amount of high net worth individual money that's still in the market that would accept lower yields and just buy into a handful of quality properties. In the middle, the kind of traditional demand that you see from pension funds for core on core real estate, I think that demand is fairly low right now because of everything they're dealing with in their overall portfolios and because of the amount of real estate they've acquired over the last few years. So a broad question and a broad answer. If you want to talk about it more specifically, we can do that offline.
Alexander Goldfarb  Sandler O"Neill: I think originally there was $8 million to $9 million of debt prepay costs in the guidance. Is that still there?
Andrew Blocher: Like I said, all in that was $8 million to $9 million over and above what we were looking at when we were looking at the smaller number. Now that we've upsized the term loan, that total is $10 million. $8 million of it is the low end of the $8 million to $9 million range associated with doing the financing early. The other $2 million was excess long term borrowings that are going to be utilized on an interim basis to either pay down the line or being held in cash.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: In terms of the guidance, just following on the last question, you mentioned pressure over the next couple of quarters on same store and NOI growth. Are you building in an assumption for recovery toward Q4? 
Andrew Blocher: A little bit. Part of that for a couple of reasons. First of all, traditionally in the business we do a bit better in the fourth quarter. There's still pressure to get things done at that point for the end of the year and hopefully this year, we'll have some of that same thing, but the other thing is you're going to start to have year over year comparisons that start to look better because it really was Q4 last year where you'd see the big debt expense and things like that that hopefully won't be as bad this year. So it's not so much that it's a great recovery as it is cyclicality of the business to some extent and better comparisons year over year.
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: In terms of CapEx, it sounds like pretty modest so far in terms of leasing activity. How do you expect that to trend over the next couple of quarters?
Donald Wood: I don't expect to see too much change in the renewals for obvious reasons. That makes up two-thirds of our business. Actually it's taking up more than two-thirds of our business these days because of the lack of demand relative to the good old days. But on the new leases, there is absolutely more pressure to increase TI's for pretty obvious reasons. The key thing for us is to make sure that we're backing the retailers that will be there. I guess I'll give plugs to a particular retailer that I just spent a bunch of time with a week ago. I went out to California, spent a bunch of time with L.A. Fitness and the principals there, and when you look at that business model, when you understand what they've done, where they've come from, you can feel pretty good that if you are going to invest TI's in a fitness company, that that's not a bad one to do. But it does show that the process from our perspective has to be improved and increased due diligence because in that respect, you are acting in some respect as a bank, at least partially. And so we better be doing it only with the right credits. That's the part of the business while I think it's unavoidable that more capital will be spent that way, the realization and the allocation of that capital to the right kind of retailers is critical.
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: Are you adjusting terms in many cases where your preference is just to keep that retailer for a shorter period of time but perhaps replace that tenant down the road?
Donald Wood: We have a general policy over here to make sure that as best we can where we're unable to have the leverage that we did given the economy, we keep the terms as short as we can.
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: Anything in terms of regional variances or is it really just more specific in terms of the tenant, the sales performance, occupancy cost etc.
Donald Wood: I'll tell you what we see. And please, I have to put the biggest caveat I have to put on the whole thing is we're talking about 18 million square feet. Of that 18 million square feet roughly 40% record sales. Of the 40% that record sales, some are annual. So the sample size that I'd be talking to you about is obviously limited, but within that sample size, we are seeing more stability in the Northeast than we are in the west, which is harder hit for us. And even the Northeast at this point, a little bit better than Mid Atlantic. But for us at least, Northern California, Silicon Valley is hit pretty hard right now. And they really got hit later than the rest of the country from again, our viewpoint.
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: I know you upsized the term loan, but 2011 appears to be a bigger roll year than typical. Do you think if we're truly in a capital raising window now, does it pressure you to think about equity sooner than later or is that not really a consideration?
Donald Wood: When we talk about the capital and the capital opportunities of this company, debt equity wherever we go, certainly we are always considering equity as we have over the past seven years. I think we've done it at least five times over that period of time. Having said that, feeling more pressure because of those maturities is not the case for us. Maybe it should be, but it's not the case for us and that's based on the conversations we've had with our banks. The entire experience that we've gone through over the last six months, and while there is a two year term there, we very, very much expect that those banks and others will be part of our permanent capital structure as we get closer and long before we get to the 2011 date.
Andrew Blocher: When I think about it, the banks really practice two philosophies; either they want undrawn exposure in the form of a credit facility or they want drawn exposure with respect to the term loan. We only had one of those pieces on the table which was the form of the term loan. I could also tell you that demand for the term loan was hampered to some extent by the consolidation in the banking sector at this point, not so much that we had exposure to two different banks that was outsized when they combined, but really there were a number of banks in our facility who had just very, very recently gone through mergers and this was the first deal they were bringing through their process. A lot of the conversations that I've had as I said in my prepared remarks with the banks that did participate, and banks that didn't is that even in this difficult market, they want exposure to company Federal Realty who are going to be companies that survive over the long term and a lot of the numbers that were thrown out there are, here's our first step. We expect that we can get to two or three times this amount over the next couple of years. That's what Don was talking about giving us comfort that this can be a permanent portion of our capital structure.
Jonathan Habermann  Goldman Sachs: Are you seeing any demand from retailers in terms of renewing space as you look out to 2010 at this point, just locking in better terms?
Donald Wood: Absolutely. Here's how it's manifesting itself. It's manifesting itself in good healthy retailers who have expirations in 2011, 2012, saying what do you say we talk about it now. And obviously in exchange for greater term and more stability, they want something for it financially. And so t hose negotiations are happening. And we talked a lot about on the capital side, the have's and the have not's. There very much is banks firing an awful lot of their clients. Well on the retailer side, it's the same thing, and those healthier retailers are doing deals. They absolutely know they have the upper hand and they're trying to leverage that to the hilt. The only thing we have that makes that a fair fight along the way is better quality real estate and so that's the balance and the fight all the way through.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Moore  RBC.
Richard Moore  RBC: You have a very good list in the supplemental of properties that could be future redevelopments and I noticed that you jumped a bit in terms of construction in process in the quarter and I'm wondering is any of that related to the Out Year redevelopments or where do you stand with some of those. Are we progressing at this point? Is there enough demand? How are you looking at that?
Donald Wood: No. The stuff you see in the quarter is the stuff that is under construction. It's not really stuff on that redevelopment list. It's the Santana Row building that's there. It's the Bethesda building that we're putting Equinox in, real projects that are happening now. One of the reasons you see that development list growing is because of the added vacancy. When you think about what's going on here, properties that we thought were locked down didn't have the opportunities that you wanted because of Circuit or Linens, are now kind of in play again. Now it's going to take time as it always does to work through entitlements, to understand where demand is, but at this point there really hasn't been everybody is still in such, and this includes retailers, in such a current mind mode and not in development mode that I don't want to mislead you and tell you all that stuff is right around the corner, because it's not. But it is out there in a way that is actually greater than it has been in the past.
Richard Moore  RBC: So as you think about 2010, do you think some of these are going to make their way into the pipeline or is it just too early to tell if we can get any of this going?
Donald Wood: I would expect some of that stuff to make it's way into the pipeline from the standpoint of planning and in turning them into real more solid projects, but at this point I couldn't tell you which ones and where the demand is yet because the retailers aren't playing the game just yet. It will be interesting to see what kind of conversation, we've got a lot of meetings at the end of this month and I'm really looking forward to better, more strategic meetings than they've been in the past in terms of understanding. We're sitting down with a lot of CEO's. We're sitting down with a lot of heads of real estate to make sure we understand where they're heads are going forward and some of the redevelopment stuff we're talking about here could be illuminated a little bit further in those meetings.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Sullivan  Green Street Advisors.
Jim Sullivan  Green Street Advisors: On the term loan based on upsizing it from $200 million to $370 million, obviously had a lot of interest from the bank group, I'm particularly interested in the banks that looked at the deal and decided not to participate. I'm curious what sort of objections they provided to you in formulating their decision not to participate. Was it pricing? Did you have credit committees that were concerned about retail real estate at the time you were negotiation the deal? What did you hear from those that took a look and decided not to pull the trigger?
Donald Wood: It depends on what point in the process. I would only classify one bank who just couldn't get the deal over the finish line. The rest of them, we went after them and a lot of them were new banks who since over the last year or two were cutting back some of their exposure to real estate or just don't really feel like this is the right time. Or, as I said earlier, maybe interested in providing credit but maybe wanting to do it through an undrawn basis through a credit facility rather than through a term loan. There was one bank in our existing term loan who was just like, I'm not in the business anymore. And then there was one I think we could have really gotten over the line, but based on either changes to the credit process, was having a real difficult time meeting our time frame.
Jim Sullivan  Green Street Advisors: What about pricing being an issue?
Donald Wood: There were a couple of deals out in the market at that point in time similar space that were priced somewhat wider than ours. I only heard pricing as a concern from one account, and that was the account that struggled with their commitment at the tail end.
Operator: There are no further questions. I would like to hand the call back over to Miss Gena Birdsall.
Gena Birdsall: Thanks everybody. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT):
Executives: Gina Birdsall  IR Coordinator Don Wood  President and CEO Andy Blocher  SVP, CFO and Treasurer Chris Weilminster  SVP of Leasing Jeff Berkes  EVP and CIO
Analysts: Jay Habermann  Goldman Sachs & Co. Windy Shaw [ph]  UBS Jeff Spector  UBS Michael Mueller  JPMorgan Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird Vincent Chow  Deutsche Bank Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus & Company William Acheson  Benchmark Craig Smith  Bank of America
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the fourth quarter and year-end 2008 Federal Realty Investment Trust earnings conference call. All participates will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the call. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce the conference leader, Ms. Gina Birdsall. Ma'am, you may begin.
Gina Birdsall: Thank you. Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's fourth quarter and year-end 2008 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today are Don Wood, Andy Blocher, and Jeff Berkes. These and other members of our management team are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our fourth quarter and year-end 2008 supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to the Trust's operating and financial performance. This document is currently available on our Web site. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. Risks inherent in these assumptions include, but are not limited to future economic conditions, including interest rates, real estate conditions, and the risks in cost of construction. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K, and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. I'll now turn the call over to Don, to begin our discussion of fourth quarter and year-end 2008 results. Don?
Don Wood: Well thank you Gina and good morning everyone. I certainly hope you are all hanging in there during this very difficult and unpredictable time and that you have had a chance to go through the press release and the 8-K that we released last night. I think you will agree Federal had held up remarkably well in the fourth quarter, thanks to some very little LIBOR rates benefiting our interest expense and the fair bill [ph] results of some pretty extensive cost cutting company-wide offset to some extent by higher bad debt expense and $1.6 million legal settlement. I hope that you also noted that with respect to our quarterly dividend it is business as usual with payment in cash at the previously announced $0.65 a share. Let me start a discussion of our operating results with leasing in the retail environment as we see it. While our lease rollover statistics in the fourth quarter werent as robust as they have been over the past several years, they are nonetheless very strong considering the environment. We did 74 comparable deals for nearly 320,000 square feet, an average of around $21.62 a foot, 13% more than the rent the previous tenant was paying. And when you break that down further you will see that four out of five of those deals were renewals at 11% higher rent with no downtime and very little capital deals. The other 15 deals were new at 19% higher rent including a new Walgreens drug store replacing its hired party store, one of our Northern Virginia shopping centers at double the outgoing rent, which will have great effect on rest of the shopping centers. And when you look at the entire year of 2008, leasing really stands out as such a core competency of our business that the combination of great properties and a great leasing team really provides such a sense of pride for all of us, 300 comparable deals done in 2008 for nearly 1.2 million square feet of space at 21% more rent. That equates to $5.7 million of annual incremental contractual rent with very little capital to get that. Now, all this addresses our demonstrated ability to continue to fill the bucket from the top right through the end of 2008. The hard part, which began in earnest in the fourth quarter of 2008 and is certainly continuing in 09, it is a limit to leaks in the bottom of the bucket in the form of bad debt expense, rent relief, and our right tenant bankruptcies. These areas in addition to interest expense are clearly our largest challenges in the least predictable part of our business as we work through the recession. Let me now talk about each of these in some context. In the fourth quarter, we recorded bad debt expense a bit more than $3 million, which is over $2 million more than our historical average quarterly charge. We finished up a rigorous detail tenant-by-tenant review that considered all sorts of ability to pay criteria. We think we were prudent, we think we were conservative in that evaluation, but there certainly has been any indication thus far in 2009 that the negative trend will continue for some time. The level of bad debt expense will be very difficult to predict with accuracy in 2009. We will talk about that when we get into guidance a bit. When it comes to rent relief, we have seen an increase in tenant request for some sort of reduction in the contractual obligation every month since September of 08. To date, roughly one in 12 of our tenants have requested relief and only a small fraction of those have actually received some kind of modification to their lease terms. Every one of these requests is handled individually and there are myriad of factors that go into our decision making process. The tenants ability to pay, their ability to find other financing sources, our assessment of their long-term viability, their importance to the rest of the shopping center, backfill opportunities for the space and a half-a-dozen other considerations. Our overall decision is always ground in our belief as to what decision results in the maximum cash flow to the overall shopping center will get over the next few years? Every case is different, but we are probably more likely to deny relief and risk a tenant going dark thereby creating the higher vacancy for a time, simply because there are more releasing options available to us in the higher quality shopping centers. In terms of the type of tenants we are seeing who are hurting the most, Ive got to say this is truly one equal opportunity recession. Other than the main stream groceries and drug stores that anchor two-thirds of our properties the impact is extremely wide-spread and even handled. While it is certainly true that some restaurants are struggling and then luxury tenant sales are generally off considerably, it is also true that some necessity based retailers in our leased desirable properties are struggling. The only real trend, I guess if I can call it that, that I can really point to is a disproportionate share of retailer in newly developed properties, primarily because of the inability for those new tenants to solidify their customer base before the consumer shut down its spending habits last fall. But other than wide-spread and even handed are really the words of the day and it seems to me that geographical location and demographics remain the most reliable predictor of the shopping centers mid and long-term cash flow help. And finally as it relates to future bankruptcies who knows but there undoubtedly will be more, particularly in the box categories and very proactive and high level management leasing time preparing for those possibilities as required and it is and has been a key focus of ours. And thats it in terms of leasing in the overall retail environment from my prepared remarks. Chris Weilminster our Senior Vice President in-charge of leasing is also available on this call, he is down at the mid-Atlantic ICFC today, but on the call and he will be available during Q&A to lend additional color. Now, just a few comments on our operations, before I turn it over to Andy, we have taken a lot of cost out of the company through a painful, but necessary combination of staff reductions and non-payroll related costs. We took most of these actions in the third and fourth quarter and as a result our administrative cost run rate in 2009 will be about $6 million lower that is about 20% of our overall overhead, basically through a combination of sizing departments for lower expected volume, eliminating some nice to have things, but not got to have things, and most importantly asking more senior level people to make real-estate decisions with fewer layers and intermediaries between them we are operating a lot linear and hopefully more efficient at a time when tenant decisions operating decisions, financing decisions only to be made quickly and with sound judgments. The downsizing process isnt fun, but it was necessary and I think it puts us in a better position to handle a prolonged recession if thats in fact what we get. Now in terms of development, our three largest opportunities Assembly Square, Mid-Pike Plaza and Bala Cynwyd shopping centers are all in the entitlement phase and that work will continue as we make progress in all three in trying to increase the land value to work to increase LIBOR what they are and we are possible public assistance at the Federal State, county, or city levels. Fortunately, we are not yet at the stage today where we have to make a go, no go decision on any of these three, those decisions will come in the future at a point where market conditions have sorted themselves out, but we are going to make that land value higher. And the only other item of note from my prepared is an update on litigation; you will notice that during the fourth quarter, we were able to settle one of two unrelated lawsuits against us that we have been disclosing in our 10-Qs for over a year now. The lawsuits that we settled involving a claim by a former tenant for failing to disclose the condemnation action in one of our previously owned New Jersey shopping centers resulted in $1.6 million charge included in G&A. I hope you will remember that our previous 2008 guidance excluded this claim because we had no idea of what the number would be. That same thing will hold true as Andy rolls out guidance for 2009 with respect to the second lawsuit for which we still have no damage ruling from a California judge. That lawsuit relates to a contract dispute (inaudible) on a site adjacent to Santana Row in St. Jose. Okay, just let me finish up the prepared remarks by assuring our investors, analysts, and all the other interested parties that as a result the following are relatively boring and conservative business plan for the past seven years I really think Federal Reality is uniquely positioned to handle whatever the economy throws at us from a position of strength and comp. The quality of our properties and the markets that they are in, the low level balance sheet with stag of maturities, the lack of reliance and acquisitions in development, and a host of other conservative principles allow us to take a longer-term view. And from that perspective the future looks great. There will be opportunities and a way to pay for them that await a number of companies including this one if we are disciplined and we are patient and we will be. Let me now turn it over to Andy.
Andy Blocher: Thanks Don and good morning everyone. I like to spend a couple of minutes talking about our balance sheet and the progress we have made in refinancing our 09 debt maturities, before talking about our 09 guidance and turning the call over to your questions. Let me give you a couple of highlights first and then we can talk about the details. First, we feel very good about our ability to access our unsecured bank market and have been gaining strong support for our $250 million term-loan to close hopefully late in the second quarter. Second our high quality balance sheet puts us in a great position to raise additional capital on the secured basis to refinance the remainder of our 09 debt maturities and provide additional line capacities. Third, as Don discussed earlier we are comfortable with the dividend as well covered to be paid in cash. We finally our $3.80 to $3.92 per diluted share guidance for 09 reflect some growth in income at the property level and decreased G&A offset by higher interest expense resulting largely from the inefficiency of raising capital well in advance of our debt maturities. Now, some of the details behind this, first, on refinancing our debt maturities, with the unsecured bond market remaining pretty unattractive we focused our attention on the bank market to refinance our existing $200 million term loan maturing in November. We asked a number of leaders in the bank market to run the traps for credit approval and then sat down with those banks to discuss terms for new term loans. Based on this conversation I expect pricing for new term loans to be significantly wider they are in current levels of LIBOR plus 57.5 basis points and anticipate having to make some modifications to our existing covenant package none of which give me any concern. I would expect that the lease in agents for this facility could commit up to $200 million of their own capital demonstrating support for our credit, business strategy, and management. We are targeting closing in the second quarter and we will pay down the line with any excess proceeds above what is needed to repay the existing term loan. All in all, we are very comfortable that we can replace and in all likelihood expand the term loan with maturity out in 2011. To filling any gap between our capital needs and what we have raised through in unsecured term loans we are currently looking at secured financing alternatives. We got the flexibility to access the secured market because of the prudent management of our balance sheet over the past several years. The credit metrics remained very strong with leverage at 41% in a market capitalization basis as of yesterdays close and 45% in a book-value basis. Remember a book leverage takes into account the low historic cost basis of assets that we have acquired as a public company over the past 46 years. We have over $3 billion of unencumbered assets from a book value perspective, the basis of our bond covenant. In addition we have less than $400 million of outstanding secured debt in all our bond and credit facility covenants could support over $1 billion of new secured debt. As a result we are currently in the market exploring secured financing alternatives for our portfolio of properties. We expect to evaluate proposals later this quarter with funding occurring in the second or third quarter. What I want you to be sure to understand about this financing strategy I just described is that it will result in us refinancing an average of six months in advance of our actual 09 debt maturities. We are estimating that this will cost us about $8 million to $9 million of additional interest expense this year. In a more predictable economic climate we have never been so inefficient in the management of our balance sheet, but we believe this financing insurance is prudent given current market conditions. Once we get these 09 debt maturities behind us we will have no additional debt maturities until 2011 given that we are likely to exercise a one year extension option on the lines. Turning now to the dividend, as Don discussed in his remarks, we currently intend to maintain our current dividend level and continue paying that dividend in cash. We strongly believe that a cash dividend by our REIT is fundamental to its very purpose and essential to the investment rationale of the very large percentage of our earnings. Early dividend payout was a 100% of taxable income by that of our target, in addition the dividend is well covered on an FFO basis at the mid  just from a relationship perspective at the mid-point of a range we will have a 67% payout ratio. We expect to generate positive cash flow in 09 after payment of the dividend. We believe that our record of 41 years of increased cash dividends the longest records in the REIT sector is a valuable asset we hope to protect and extend during this capital crisis. Finally a few comments on the 2009 FFO guidance of $3.80 to $3.92 per diluted share we established yesterday. As our management team worked through our 09 guidance, I really got to say that the process was significantly more difficult than ever before and certainly regarding interest expense and retailer performance makes this range wider than we have ever used before, but please dont lose perspective of what this range means. This $0.12 range is from top to bottom only a $7 million swing. Thats in the context of a company that will produce over $0.5 billion of rental income in 2009. The primary assumptions in that guidance are our best guess is for operating income from the properties will be slightly better than the $355 million that we posted in 08. We are projecting a $6 million to $7 million savings in G&A driven by a lower overhead and decreased legal fees and $8 million to $9 million of additional interest cost I discussed earlier as a result of raising funds early to satisfy our 09 debt maturities. You should certainly flex these top level assumptions as you see fit. We will have the better feel for the operating environment and capital raising as the year progresses and remember these guidance numbers does not include any impact associated with potential damages related to the previously discussed outstanding lawsuit regarding a building at Santana Row. Thats all we have for prepared remarks operator, we will now open the call to your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Jay Habermann with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Jay Habermann  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi Don and Andy good morning.
Don Wood: Hi Jay.
Andy Blocher: Hi Jay.
Jay Habermann  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Don you mentioned obviously the development you know still willingness to move forward, can you give us a sense of how you might reassess just given where yields are or might pencil out in this market, the challenges of leasing and obviously as you think about just alternative uses of capital at this point, it sounds like conserving cash and certainly focusing on near-term maturities?
Don Wood: Yes and that is really fair, you know, sometimes it is better to be lucky than good and in the case of those three big developments that we have, we are lucky in that we dont have to make that decision today Jay because I mean, gosh, it applies to acquisitions never mind harder development, but trying to figure out where rental rates are going to be for retail, residential, office, what the demand will be is really impossible to do right now. And so if we were at a go, no go decision on any of those things right now, I think the answer would be we are not going to break ground. We are not in that point in any of those things and we are in each of them at Assembly, certainly at Mid-Pike and Bala, each one of them we made  we are making terrific progress in terms of that whole entitlement phase and the whole trick is to create land value there that will allow us to attract partners. To allow us to sell residential or office entitlement rates to allow us to do the retail ourselves or maybe to look at a joint venture partner for the whole thing, but the only way those things are going to work is if those potential partners see some value in the project. So, everything we are doing right now in spending the cash that we are spending is really all about getting through the entitlement process getting the basic grid and infrastructure laid to put us in a position where I can give you a much better answer on the viability of value creation in the future. But today, I dont think I could do a very good job of telling you that there is absolutely a deal there. We certainly believe that if you are going to  you look and you say do you think we have a deal or do you not, we absolutely believe that there is a very good chance that we will, but having that underwrite that today it is just too early.
Jay Habermann  Goldman Sachs & Co.: In terms of development yield at this point do you think its got to be double digit or what is your expectation?
Don Wood: Look I think long-term that our cost of capital is going to be where our cost of capital was a while ago and thats in the 9% range or so and maybe a little bit higher  9.25% if you look at, what the long-term debt is going to be, where we think the cost of our equity is going to be and you blend those kind of things and you got to believe that we are going to be  this company will have about 9% cost capital or so thats the case. IRR had better be north of that and taken through across the appropriate development risk. So, yes I think that is right.
Jay Habermann  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay and then just maybe for Andy. In terms of expectations on the refinancing, I know you mentioned the $8 million to $9 million of incremental cost, what are your assumptions for the raising debt capital today?
Andy Blocher: Yes Jay, when you look through it, we are in a interesting position with respect to our refinancing right now, I mean I would anticipate that we would probably be in a position to pick our leads on the terms loan in the next week or so based on the work we have done up to this point. The basic underlying assumption there is our expectation is that probably will raise the capital about six months in advance of when it was needed and that there will be a negative carrier associated with that of about 450 basis points. So you take the 375 million times 450 basis points times half a year here that kind of gets you to right in the middle of that $8 million to $9 million range. The specifics with rate, I certainly dont want to negotiate against myself with respect to going through the individual assumptions for the term loan or to secured financing position but thats the basic assumptions that go behind that $8 million to $9 million and as we have more information, we will share it.
Jay Habermann  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay and then maybe just a last question. You mentioned sort of the operating performance being somewhat flat, can you comment a bit on what you are expecting I guess from the residential portfolio?
Andy Blocher: Lets just remind you what the residential portfolio is, you know we are talking about a very small part of Federal  right now I wish we were a bigger part because we are doing really well. We are talking about the unit that at Santana Row, which are 95% Don leasing  95% leased today probably going we are assuming down in to the low 90s in 2009 with very little rent growth, maybe a little bit, very little. With respect to Bethesda where we had just opened up the new building in Arlington East, is a 180 units there, we are 96% leased there. We actually leased up as fast as we thought we were going to there, which was really, really encouraging not quite at the number, we missed the number by about 7% or so in terms of what we were looking for in asking rents, but still $2.80 a foot or something like that, we are looking at that being staying that strong for 2009. And than a congressional apartment which is here in Rockville, stable occupancy down a couple of points, down a little bit in terms of operating income because of lower expecting rental rates, but not much in occupancy. So, overall about flat, maybe down a little bit for the residential portfolio here.
Don Wood: I think Gina has a question too?
Gina Birdsall: I was just wondering if there was any update on the Linens Boxes that you got back last quarter and what you are just seeing in terms of getting that place re-tenanted?
Andy Blocher: Yes Chris are you on the line, do you want to take Linens?
Don Wood:
 :
Chris Weilminster: Hello?
Don Wood: Go get him pal, Linen.
Chris Weilminster: I am sorry I apologize. We have got a lot of activity on our one Linens boxes down in Chevy Chase right over the Maryland, in the district we have got about eight retailers that are very interested in that box and we are hoping that will be able to announce the replacement tenant on that one sometime by the middle of the summer as it relates to our Mid-Pike Linens Box that being part of our redevelopment we are looking at that on the long-term basis, but we are benefited by the fact that that had a normal [ph] guarantee behind it. So, we are in discussions with CDS and we expect to continue to receive rent on that lease for the remainder of its terms.
Jay Habermann  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay thanks guys.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Jeff Spector with UBS. You may ask your question.
Windy Shaw  UBS: Windy Shaw [ph] with UBS. Can you guys discuss whats going on with our higher end tenants, are they mom and pops or boutiques, we have heard a lot of these types of tenants closing stores so just want to get a sense of how they are holding up in your markets?
Don Wood: I tried to adjust this a little bit in the prepared remarks. You know the definition of who they are, the higher-end boutiques, they are not a they, they are a bunch of individuals and the results are all over the place. As you would expect, it depends very much on the shopping centers they are in and how stable they were going into this recession where the rest of their financings come from and things like that. Some of those high-end boutiques as we have seen as much as 20%, 25% reductions in their sales over the past couple of months, others we have seen them hardly hit at all. I really am having a hard time making category statements about the luxury guys are dead or this guy is dying the most, it is really as an equal opportunity recession and we are really seeing a very varied amount of results and amount of struggling based on a lot of other factors other than just the category that they are into. So, it is all over the board in that category.
Jeff Spector  UBS: Thanks Don, it is Jeff, just a follow-up question then on rent relief, is that picking up at all, I mean has there been any change even just in the last couple of months where you are seeing more tenants file and the hit rate is increasing?
Don Wood: No doubt about it Jeff. There is no question that literally every month since September of 08 the number of requests we have for some sort, the big broad category here some sort of adjustment to the contractual lease thats already in place has gone up. So, at this point we have  weve got about 2,500, 2,600 tenants at Federal. About 200 of those have asked for some sort of rent relief. Now when you break down those 200 and you figure out who they are the interesting part is a huge part of them are well capitalized companies that dont really need the rent relief, but are using this period of time to be able to negotiate and if you think about it makes all the sense in the world. I dont know whether you saw or remember seeing, because I sure do, Wall Street Journal Article sometime in the middle of November, basically saying that retail tenants are coming after their landlords for rent relief. You had to see the spike in request for the two, or three, or four weeks following that. It really  there clearly are a lot of tenants both those who need it, both those who, you know would have needed it even in good times and those who dont need it at all who are coming back to the landlord as the savior here and as I said in the prepared remarks, weve given some form of rent relief to about 25 to 30 tenants out of the 200 or so who have asked. We are only doing that in situations where we believe that that rent relief will result in more cash flows to the shopping center over the next few years and we are certainly not giving it to tenants that arent going to make it anyway. So, you should expect to see higher vacancy, probably through June of 100 or maybe 150 basis points from our perspective over the next part of 2009, but the combination of higher vacancy and a little bit of rent relief and some higher bad debt together is really the primary set of assumptions that are most difficult to predict in the 2009 guidance.
Jeff Spector  UBS: Okay thanks. So, just one follow-up then if a regional tenant is well capitalized but has an unprofitable store or two are we saying that thats a situation where they would not get rent relief because the company is well capitalized?
Don Wood: It depends. We certainly didnt take all that time negotiating a strong lease to  at the first hint of struggles and sales, to say never mind we will clear off that lease. So, it is a very high barrier that you have got to cross to be able to get us to modify the lease, but it is going to happen in certain cases. If you are well capitalized and strong, the barrier is a whole lot higher, sure.
Jeff Spector  UBS: Thanks guys.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. You may ask you question.
Michael Mueller  JPMorgan: Thanks hi. Few questions. First Andy, can you give a little more color on the refinancing for example, the money that is being raised for the term loan? Is the existing term loan expected to stay outstanding until maturity and you just pay down the credit line in advance of that or do you expect to refinance that in advance, obviously you cant do that with the bonds though, correct?
Andy Blocher: Yeah thats correct Mike. I mean one of the real advantages that I think that we have relative to other who maybe trying to access capital through the bank market right now is that we do have an outstanding term loan that is maturing later this year, where thanks for lending us money at LIBOR plus 57.5 basis points, you know probably inside their own cost of funding. So, to some extent if we can utilize the idea that we will prepay that early to existing participants as a (inaudible) we will absolute utilize that to the best that we can relative to somebody else who is looking for incremental bank capital and they dont have that care. So the proceeds for that because the term loans are pre-payable will be to pay down the term loan, any incremental capital over and above that would go to pay down the line. With respect to other financial alternatives including secured, the ultimate use of those proceeds will largely be used to pay down the 8.75% bonds that are coming due late in the year. We  on an interim basis that capital would be utilized to pay down the line or holding cash or short-term investments that are very low rate, that is the biggest part of that negative spread when I was talking to Jay earlier that 450 basis points.
Michael Mueller  JPMorgan: Okay, both of these should we assume it is out of like end of the second quarter or six months in advance something like that for both?
Andy Blocher: Yes, end of the second quarter, early third quarter.
Michael Mueller  JPMorgan: Okay and then in the prior question as well touched on same-store guidance, I think Don you mentioned occupancy down 100 to 150 basis points, can you comment on Q3 spreads were positive on a cash basis, can you talk about what you have seen so far in January and when you typically talk about same-store guidance, you talk about with redevelopments without redevelopments. If you are looking on an ex redevelopment basis, is that the metric where you think it is going to be flattish this year?
Don Wood: Yes I do, just doing that from the end first, I think that is where it will be a pretty flat year. What I think is going to happen is you will see it really in the lease that is in the term. We normally average on all the leases we do seven-year term, there is some fives, there is some tens, there is some twenties, etc in an average it is, if you look over time, to seven, seven-and-a-half, eight year-leases, you will see in the fourth quarter that came down to five. As you go into 09 you should expect to see a lot of short-term deals that are about renewing people and moving people of one year and two years at a time here at flat rents or maybe a little bit increases and things like that. So, there will be a bigger proportion of the leases that are done, the deals that are done, I would suspect that are like that shorter term and less in terms of rollovers they will always be in the portfolio though. And Chris can probably comment on this best, there is always demand here and so there will be deals throughout the year that are carrying some real nice spreads. Now, and in fact I know one in the first quarter that we just did that will be a nice thing. Now, how many of those there will be, those will be lower, there will be less of those types of deals this year and so from an overall waiting perspective the short-term renewals at lower lease rollovers are the name of the day, so that is going to happen. So the waiting of this whole thing really is what changes the most, that is why I see it primarily flat better than flat with the redevelopments included in that and offset to a large extent by the interest that Andy just talked about.
Michael Mueller  JPMorgan: Okay, so if you are down 100, 150 basis points on a blended cash basis, you still are probably looking to be up on a blended basis close to double digits?
Don Wood: I dont know, it is hard for me to say. Maybe you will see seven, eight, nine, ten, and eleven, something in that range probably right. It is very dependent on a particular deal or two or five in any particular period.
Michael Mueller  JPMorgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Lucas with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird: Good morning guys.
Don Wood: Hi Chris.
Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird: Don, just to follow up on the question, given the shorter lease terms, should we be expecting then actually lighter concessions in tenant improvements or is that market going to be something that continues at the current pace?
Don Wood: You can certainly assume on the renewals that they are very lighter concessions that way for sure. On the new deal, it depends on the new deal and if we are trying to  if the deal is real important to one of the developments that we are doing or one of the shopping centers that really could use it, it is about negotiating leverage and we will do the best that we can, but there is no doubt that even the well cap, especially the well capitalized tenants are the ones that are in a stronger position today to push hard on all things including rent, including TI. We do the best we can on that. You should certainly still expect to see higher rent, you should certainly expect to see TIs as it has been, I would not expect to see a dramatic increase that way. But on the short terms you wont see very much the idle.
Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird: I guess the other point I would ask is in the office industrial space, a lot of the landlords are sort of counting the ability to pay leasing commissions and build the tenant improvements out and sort of helping along that way in terms of buying occupancy and competing against their less well capitalized peers, is that something that is a differentiating aspect in the retail side as well?
Don Wood: I dont know, to some extent it really is all about the supply, demand and the leverage that you have for that particular space, we do have the ability and we have built out spaces for particular tenants on the retail side, but there is nothing going on that is thick in this side for sure. It is all very customized for a particular tenant. So it really is going to depend on the deal and on the tenant that particular shopping center.
Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird: Andy, quickly on a couple of points of clarification, as it relates to the bad debt expense does that show up as a reduction in revenue or is there something that is allocated to operating expense as well?
Andy Blocher: No, it is rental expense.
Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird: Okay. Its rental revenue adjustment down or is it a show off in operating expense?
Andy Blocher: It is in operating expenses.
Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird: And then on the litigation cost, does that show up in the G&A line?
Andy Blocher: Yes it does.
Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird: So, you are talking about the savings on G&A over this year or are we talking about with the litigation cost included or not?
Andy Blocher: Yes a portion of the savings in G&A is the fact that the litigation cost will not be in 2009, but they were in 2008 outside of the litigation that we talked about separately with your success at Santana Row.
Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird: Okay great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Vincent Chow with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Vincent Chow  Deutsche Bank: Hi guys. Just a quick follow up on the development. We talked about certain bigger projects that are  you dont have to make a decision today on but in terms of the pipeline for 09 and your commentary about new developments and retailer tendency on those properties, can you talk about sort of your expectations there, it looks like the ROI conditions havent changed, and maybe can you talk about the occupancy in those four projects and what you expect them to be in 09?
Don Wood: Yes. Let me start with the closest one here which is Hampden Lane, actually  thats actually ten, but we have made the decision to go ahead with Hampden Lane, which is another that we are doing in the Fed and will include Equinox Gym and some other tenants in one of the buildings in the existing projects that we have. One of the reasons we started to go ahead with that was because we got a basically 65%, 70% pre-lease at a very early stage and so the pre-leasing on our typical retail projects is an important part of the redevelopment stuff that we do. The only one that is not is the one that is going to be a little tougher for us and it is figured in the numbers in fact. There is no income associated in 2009 and that is the Santana Row for 300 at the end of the year  for 300 Santana Row, which is the office building of a retail that we are doing out in the front part of Santana, that building is completely up, no glass on the outside yet but that is about to happen and we have got CB work in the office market there, we did not time that all that well, there is demand but what the rent is going to be and how we are going to break up the floor is still open, we are not nearly as far as I would like to be at this point. Lots of interest as you would expect on the ground floor of that, it is the front door if you will at Santana and we are getting close on getting some deals speed up and done there. So there is a building that overall we took down our expectations to 8% on that basically because it was bought out and built out in the better days and we were assuming that we would be able to get higher rents on the office and I think we are likely to be able to get to see how that works out. Hollywood Galaxy and the last pieces of Houston Street great deals moving along just about done in both cases. So that is where we are, you know one of the interesting things that is going to come out of this is that we are certainly not ready to talk about yet but it is almost inevitable is because of changes in the retailer base in the next couple of years we are going to have a bunch of redevelopment opportunities that we have not thought about so far and they are going to avail themselves by some of the bankruptcies and some of the changes that are inevitable in the next couple of years. So I would expect that that pipeline will start to grow in the out years even though it is certainly going to be softer for the next couple.
Vincent Chow  Deutsche Bank: Okay and then just back to the debt maturities, on the 8.75% coupon bond, it sounds like the plan is to raise some secured debt to address that but you did buy some back closer to the end of the quarter, can you give a little bit more color on that and are you continuing to try to do buy back some of those bonds, at what price are you sort of buying that?
Don Wood: Yes those are kind of one-off deals we were able to buy back $6 million of the bonds roughly at par, yes to the extent that we can get others back we will certainly try to do that. We will like to get the cash in hand with respect to the term loan first, I think that the real  if not issue but the real impact there is really one of our bond holders look at our balance sheet and generally I think that they believe that those bonds are money good until they will much rather earn the yield through year-end but we will certainly evaluate strategies in order to trend our business.
Vincent Chow  Deutsche Bank: Okay so it is just that you cant buy back more but you would to.
Don Wood: Yes. Federal Realty bonds generally they are not very liquid and they dont trade all that much.
Vincent Chow  Deutsche Bank: Then the last question in terms of the lease termination fees, it looks like it is down quite a bit this quarter from last quarter, what sort of expectations you are building in for 09?
Andy Blocher: Yes it is really interesting. Lease termination fees are there every single year. Now, I am only worried about them in 09 and the guidance reflects that because with the liquidity crisis that is going on there, there are lot of tenants that would normally buy their way out of a lease they want to get out of the store with everybody else will stay in and continue to pay the rent because they are worried about liquidity. So we have only got about $1 million, a little bit more than $1 million assumed for new lease termination fees in 2009. The reason I make that distinction between new lease termination fees is because we do have  we are amortizing a few of them including Home Depot at Flourtown that has an option for a couple of years. So that is still being accreted and I think it shows in that line of other income or whatever it is for 09, which is locked in there but in addition to that an assumed $1 million, $1.2 million or so of new lease termination fees, but I would not expect that to be that big a number going forward in 09 unless the liquidity situation straightens itself out a bit.
Vincent Chow  Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets: Hi guys, good morning.
Don Wood: Good morning.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets: The activity on the bank debt that you guys are looking at in the near term here, it seems pretty positive so I am curious, how do you see what is going on in the financing sector at this point, are things beginning to loosen up a bit?
Andy Blocher: No, I certainly would not say it is loosening up. I think at the end of the day companies that have got very solid balance sheets with good business strategies and good management teams are going to have an advantage in this environment and a lot of the work that we put into the balance sheet over the last six, seven, eight years in raising equity opportunistically in order to keep our leverage under control, when you look at the bank market in particular, Federal Realty has $300 million credit facility and $200 million term loan. We dont have a $1 billion plus of bank exposure. I think all of those things combined make certain pockets of capital a little bit more attractive. On the secured side, I think it comes down to, everything that we talk about from an operating perspective as well, the quality of the assets, the quality of the locations, our ability to lease those and generate good solid income streams, I think all of those things are a positive. When you look at the unsecured market it seems like every couple of days somebody will come out and say that the unsecured market is getting better and they dont necessarily mention the following day when things get a little bit worse.
Don Wood: Hi Rich, I just want to add something on the bank side, I think you are raising a very important point, I think more than we had ever seen before the distinction between the haves and the have-nots here is really playing itself out. I can tell you that when we started with a $200 million, we were sitting there with a $200 million term loan, the idea that we have got the ability to upsize that term loan was not really even considered, we didnt know. We were hoping to refinance the $200 million that was out there and look we are a long way from being done so I dont mean to be too positive about this but I can tell you the conversations with the major lenders here including the leads that I suspect we will because Andy said they are announcing in the next week or two have all taken on additional exposure to Federal in terms of where we are heading and that is not something we expected. It is certainly not something that we have heard is widely happening out there because I think a lot of banks are firing a lot of their clients and so they are really concentrating their positions. And so if you feel that that is positive I could not agree with you more, it is one of the real positive things that have come out. I just dont know that you can take that and say it is real wide spread because I dont think it is.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks Don and I am just wondering it seems that you guys are moving very quickly, obviously you are way ahead of when these maturities come and I am trying to get a feel for, are you concerned that that kind of environment that you are describing for Federal may not be there in September so better to get it done in February, March or by summer?
Don Wood: Rich, who knows, and when you think about the impact to earnings for one particular year, it is such a small consequence compared to the risk of who knows and we are clearly in unprecedented times here.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets: Yes, I agree. It is a very good point. And I want to ask you, it is probably a little bit too early that is what I am guessing but I will let you answer the Don, are we looking at anything on the acquisition front, is there anything out there that is worth even bothering given the capital environment?
Don Wood: No. Usually in this conversation Jeff Berkes who sits down the table a little bit on there, sits there and he is bombarded with tons of questions I cannot thank you enough for asking an acquisition question Rich so that Jeff could comment a little bit in this conversation. Before I turn it over to him though I am going to say this, not until we get the money lined up.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets: Got you, right.
Don Wood: So lets make sure that we get the money lined up, okay, but lets hear about the environment by Jeff.
Jeff Berkes: Gee Rich, after that prelude I am not sure I remember the question. Like Don said in his prepared remarks, we are going to be like we have always have been which is very patient and very disciplined. I firmly believe that there is going to be great opportunities to raise [ph] up. Going forward we are starting to see maybe the beginning stages of that right now but it is really in my view too early to make big commitments but we are going to stay the course and do what we have always done which is stay in touch with the owners who own the property so we want to buy and the brokers that handle the sales of those properties and as opportunities arise, evaluate them with very critical eyes and if it makes sense relative to the risk and the property and our cost of capital, we will pull the trigger and then and only then, so I dont know if that answered your question or not.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets: It does, I am curious too Jeff. Is there anything, are you seeing anything, I mean would you say there is more stuff coming into market, less stuff about the same as it was four months ago, what do you think?
Jeff Berkes: I think there is more but just a trickle more, I mean, there wasnt really anything going on in the last quarter or so of 08 and there is some property on the market last year that didnt trade and that is starting to come back at different prices, lower prices, but we havent seen an opening up of the market and we dont expect to see a real opening up of the market until there is a little bit more clarity on the debt capital side of the equation. So, again I think it is kind of slow and careful and long term or medium term it is going to be a good buying opportunity and we are going to position ourselves so we are very well set up to take advantage of that when the timing is right.
Rich Moore  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, got it, great. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Fick with Stifel Nicolaus & Company. Please proceed.
David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Good morning, I am actually here with Nat Isbee also. Don you made a statement and this really relates to the question that was just answered that you see your wag is something in the 9% range and obviously that is substantially higher than the answer you would have given two years ago, but your debt, your absolute cost of debt and rates are down and I am wondering what are the implications for cap rates if Federal, which has the premium balance sheet and arguably the lowest cost of capital in your space seasonally as its wag where should we be looking at valuation for real estate?
Don Wood: It is a very, very fair point and let me go back a little bit Dave and talk about the 9% and the components of it. There is a lot of guessing in there on the debt side, but when you sit and look today, I think if you go in our 8-K you will see that our average cost of debt is 5.8% or so and do we expect that 5.8% to rise to 7.5% in the next 12 or 18 months, absolutely not. But if you were to take that whole portfolio and you were to say okay, what if you were to mark to market and what if you were to say, the debt portfolio I am saying, what if you were to mark to market and figure out where you think your long-term cost of debt is going to be for anything that is coming during the next seven years or some kind of number like that, I think you will look and say, you know what, I think based on history and based on the future, 7.25% to 7.5% is probably where the overall balance portfolio of debt could very well be in three or four years or some period like that. Then if you come and you say, alright, what is the cost of the equity in this company and I think you and I have had this covered just a bunch of times, there is a whole lot of ways to do that, there is a whole lot of metrics that you consider. When you do, when you figure out what your dividend yield is going to be, what is your share price appreciation should be anticipated and what your growth is going to be etcetera it is hard to imagine that that number is not a 10% number or 10.5% number. And so if you are really kind of thinking about it holistically, I think 9% or so is probably 100 basis points higher than the 8% or so that I would have told you two years ago, and again it is not going to happen overnight, but I think it clearly suggest that cap rates rise. But the distinction again between the stuff you really want to own long term and the stuff that you dont is going to be a whole lot wider than it already is, a whole lot wider than it is going to be, so that is I think the implication.
David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay. I know you say that tenant performance is all over the place from top to bottom and not discriminating by category, but I am wondering, you have sort of the unique portfolio with respect to the 25% of row-type locations and 9% or so of restaurant business, are you seeing anything in particular in restaurants at this point?
Don Wood: Lets break restaurants down. When you are talking about kind of the expensive white table cost of restaurants in great areas and good properties that have been there for a long time, those are down 10%, 8%, manageable amounts in terms of sales losses and their ability to pay. I think when you take that and you add expense of restaurants that really arent very good, the buyer is a whole lot more discerning and so those guys are in trouble especially if they dont have the capital set up to be able to go through a period of this kind of situation. You can then compound that in those situations for lots of different types of restaurants, in fact lots of different types of non-restaurants at properties that never were able to get their lights under. So one of the properties that we have happens to be a road side property that we are struggling with the most right now is Rockville Town Square.
David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Right, I would expect that.
Don Wood: You would expect it. It opened up at a time where those restaurants were not able to get their feet under them. Even at Rockville Town Square the most expensive restaurant happens to be, one of the most expensive, is the Sushi guy, a high end Sushi guy says thats great and some of the lower end products do not. So, I think if you think about it more from the buyers perspective, the specific customer in that specific area, I think it helps you think it through though a little. Jeff Berkes made the funniest comment to me that is so true, we keep saying necessity based, I cannot tell you in how many areas restaurants are necessity based, no, maybe not in the middle of the country, there are certain areas that the family will starve if they dont go to the restaurants and it is a little bit tongue in cheek to say that but what I am trying to say again is while restaurants are clearly an exposed category, so are necessity based categories in poorer areas, in areas that are not going to hold up as well. So that is what I mean they want to say it is all over.
David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus & Company: That is my next question, you say you are getting hit at the necessities and that is where historically if you look back in the last two or three cycles and you experienced at least a couple of those, you have been pretty immune to economic downturns and that is surprising you, it is surprising us, how are people dealing with buying toilet paper and macaroni and cheese, I mean you have still got to eat 
Don Wood: I am not really saying that, in the necessity based stuff that is the grocers, the drug stores, those services are strong but the difference this time is liquidity and capital availability. And so when you are running on  you are a more poorly capitalized operation and you are running with 10% or 12% less topline that kills, and you are not sitting there with a big credit line to be able to draw on or a way to easily find that capital, those are tougher and that is all I am trying to say. I think as opposed to the prior cycles, liquidity is so much more messed up right now that it is adding an extra layer of  it is adding a bigger piece of the equal opportunity in the equal opportunity recession.
David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay. Last question, you are obviously being told by tenants and seeing reports of sales being down, two-part question, what are you doing  you have audit rights obviously in your leases, what you are doing to verify what you are being told and are you finding discrepancies as you go through the process?
Don Wood: First of all, we are not doing a lot to verify what we are being told when full rent is being paid, okay. When you are requesting something different then not only do we have full audit rights, but it is not an easy process to go through to get that to happen. So we are using financial statements, we are using typical metrics that we expect to see, etc. The premise though, I want to challenge, I just want to not challenge, but I want to make sure you understand the difference in the community based shopping center sector as opposed to the malls is we do not have sales from everybody. In fact, overall we get sales I think from about 40% or so of our tenant base and that leave a big piece that it is anecdotal and things like that. A lot of acquired shopping centers didnt require that in the leases and it is not always so easy to get. Anything new that we do, we get sales on, so we know every tenant sales in Rockville and in Santana and some of the stuff that we have done recently but overall in the portfolio I have got a limited base from which I am talking. So that order really ties down to those places where folks are unable or unwilling to pay their full obligation.
David Fick  Stifel Nicolaus & Company: As an intern in college I used to do those sales audits for one of your big competitors and I can tell you it was always the Sushi guy who under reported. Thank you.
Don Wood: Check his receivable, thanks David.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of William Acheson with Benchmark. Please proceed.
William Acheson: Thank you. Good morning guys. We have all been expecting a wave of retailer bankruptcies and aside from a few notables that happened in January it really has not happened, one of the things I am wondering about is the unavailability of DIP financing, a general that is out of the market, etc is that forestalling people filling chapter because they know if they do file now, it is not going to be a bankruptcy probably it is going to be a liquidation.
 Benchmark: Thank you. Good morning guys. We have all been expecting a wave of retailer bankruptcies and aside from a few notables that happened in January it really has not happened, one of the things I am wondering about is the unavailability of DIP financing, a general that is out of the market, etc is that forestalling people filling chapter because they know if they do file now, it is not going to be a bankruptcy probably it is going to be a liquidation.
Don Wood: Yes, it could be. Listen, what we really do have to remember here is while  the world fell off a cliff in September and consumer patterns changed dramatically in September and I know it feels like it was eight years ago but this whole thing takes time to play out and October, November, December, January and here we are in the middle of February, I mean most operations can make their way through a bad period of time for a period of time, it is only those that were really close to not being able to make it fill when times were good and Circuit and Linens are two examples of that that once you take 10% or 15% off the top, it just becomes impossible. So is debt financing a part of what is impacting the world out there retail? Absolutely, it has to be as are all of the liquidity solutions that most companies have to work through this year and you are not ready to  certainly folks are not ready to just give it up if they dont have to and it has not been all that long yet. So the combination of those things I do think there is more to play out, I think it will play out in 2009 and the only hedge you have got. From a landlord perspective, the only true hedge that you have is the location where there is demand for somebody else to take.
William Acheson: Absolutely. One other thing that I think I need to mention here is the media kind of plays up the current economic crisis that we are in right now, but if you compare the numbers going back to 82, 83, GDP was down 5%, inflation was running at 12%, unemployment was at 11%, mortgage rates were at 17.5%. You line that up to the situation that we are in right now, we are actually not even close to as bad as it was 25 years ago.
 Benchmark: Absolutely. One other thing that I think I need to mention here is the media kind of plays up the current economic crisis that we are in right now, but if you compare the numbers going back to 82, 83, GDP was down 5%, inflation was running at 12%, unemployment was at 11%, mortgage rates were at 17.5%. You line that up to the situation that we are in right now, we are actually not even close to as bad as it was 25 years ago.
Don Wood: Okay.
William Acheson: I mean, do you guys get the sense that people are just hanging on here waiting to declare, waiting to 
 Benchmark: I mean, do you guys get the sense that people are just hanging on here waiting to declare, waiting to 
Don Wood: No, I dont get that sense. When you are in the middle of something not being able to see the other side it is what impacts things the most. We are not going to know until there is some visibility about the other side and that has to start with liquidity and jobs.
William Acheson: One last question, you may not be able to answer it, but in 82 and 83 you have an idea of what your AFFO multiple might have been? I actually guys covered you guys back in 88, so I can look it up, I can go back into my archives.
 Benchmark: One last question, you may not be able to answer it, but in 82 and 83 you have an idea of what your AFFO multiple might have been? I actually guys covered you guys back in 88, so I can look it up, I can go back into my archives.
Don Wood: Give me a call when you know it, give me a call when you find it because I cant find it. I dont know.
William Acheson: Okay, I will check that out. Thank you gentlemen.
 Benchmark: Okay, I will check that out. Thank you gentlemen.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Craig Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Craig Smith  Bank of America: Thank you. I dont know if this is a question for Chris or the trend setter, but let me go, I am wondering if you look at opportunity for leasing in Federal who will do the trading up of community center and more average centers looking for an opportunity to go to a better center, but I am just wondering just given the environment our retailers are reluctant to make changes like that either because of liquidity or just they want to leave well enough loan and they want to make changes, are you having any opportunity in back filling with tenants surrounding you?
Don Wood: Hi Chris, are you there? You have got to answer that, I cant talk to Craig on that.
Chris Weilminster: Hi Craig. You are absolutely correct in at least the sense that that is what we are seeing and really what we are seeing at the mom and pops. The mom and pops and the regional chains who in prior markets really werent the ones that had the opportunity to get on to a Rock or Pike the ones that are very active right now and at this convention that I am going to go back into when this call is over there seems to be a real buzz of business in those categories and that is kind of across the board that casuals, the service related players, those guys are really out there looking to take some real estate down and to getting those locations that they just didnt have before. So I would completely agree with you and I think that absolutely resonates and marries up with the Federal Realtys portfolio as they seek ends  the flight to quality which we certainly have.
Craig Smith  Bank of America: And then do you do anything to make it and incentivize that or did they have to come to you strictly and what makes sense for you?
Chris Weilminster: Yes, every deal has worked independently Craig. Our job is to cut the best deal for the trusts and shareholders and the ones with certain categories we are able to pay more rent and we pushed that very hard and it is an incentive for them to get into some of the A properties along in our districts and we certainly try not to leave anything on the table as it relates to that but each deal is independent, there is no global answer to that question.
Craig Smith  Bank of America: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: And at this time maam, there are no more further questions. You may continue.
Gina Birdsall: Great. Thanks everybody and we will talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation, you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Gina Birdsall - IR Don Wood - President and CEO Andy Blocher - SVP, CFO and Treasurer Jeff Berkes - EVP and CIO Chris Weilminster - SVP of Leasing
Analyst: Christie McElroy - Banc of America Paul Morgan - FBR Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Nick Vedder - Green Street Advisors Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch Jeff Spector - UBS Philip Martin - Cantor Fitzgerald
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third quarter 2008 Federal Realty Investment Trust earnings conference call. All participates will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer session of the call. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce the conference leader, Ms. Gina Birdsall, Investor Relations Coordinator. Ma'am, you may begin.
Gina Birdsall: Thank you. Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for Federal Realty's third quarter 20008 earnings call. Joining me on the call today are Don Wood, Andy Blocher, and Jeff Berkes. These and other members of our management team are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our third quarter 2008 supplemental disclosure package and our 10-Q provide a significant amount of valuable information with respect to the Trust's operating and financial performance. Those documents are currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. Risks inherent in these assumptions include, but are not limited to future economic conditions, including interest rates, real estate conditions, and the risk in the cost of construction. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K, and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. I'll now turn the call over to Don, to begin our discussion of third quarter results. Don?
Don Wood: Thanks Gina, and good morning everyone. I want to start my prepared remarks today, right upfront with some facts and observations that I think aren't all up at a time, when virtually all types of organized lending markets are in absolute mess; when volatility in the broad equity market has taken on new meaning; when consumers have broadly cut back on their spending habits; when all of this uncertainty has caused widespread gridlock on the expansion plans of most retailers. At a time when all of this is happening concurrently, Federal Realty reported FFO of $0.98 a share in the third quarter, nearly 7% above last year's quarter. We completed 68 leases for over 350,000 square feet of comparable space at 23% more rent than the previous tenant was paying. Physical occupancy levels were slightly lower than last year, actually increased from where they were at the end of the second quarter. We remain optimistic that we will hit our previous guidance levels at least at the low end for the 2008 total year. Yes, I am still excluding two lawsuit settlements from that guidance that may or may not hit in the fourth quarter. Now I don't start out with such a strong statement to suggest to you that Federal is immune from this unprecedented time in our country's history, or suggest that we'll always be able to get on this call and have strong operational results. There is no doubt that we foresee a tough leasing environment in 2009, and almost certainly we'll have rising vacancy. Now if you go back and review our conference call comments from past quarters and in fact past years, I think you will find a reassuring consistency in the primary message we deliver. That is, that we have worked very hard to reduce our exposure to every significant risk in our business, from investment only in the highest quality real estate to a manageable redevelopment pipeline, to very low relative leverage levels with low lauded maturities. I think that our relative performance in difficult times like this is indicative of that conservative strategy. Now Andy's remarks will largely be focused on our capital structure and future plans, so I'll leave amplification on capital to him in a few minutes. First though, let me touch on a few operational points and start with leasing. Our strong results in the quarter were really a pleasant surprise in a true testament for the quality at a real estate. As I said, comparable lease rollovers were 23%, which equates to $25.03 a foot for the first year of rent on deal signed in the quarter, compared with $20.28 for the final year's rent under the previous lease. As is often the case with this portfolio, a few expiring older leases in the quarter in some of our strongest markets really drove the results. New deals and renewals at Third Street Promenade and Santa Monica, Bethesda Row in Maryland, and Fresh Meadows in Queens, New York; and at Ellisburg present on Cherry Hill, New Jersey were the largest contributors. As been the case over a year long, we showed positive leasing spreads in every major market that we did deals in during the quarter. Now, in terms of replicating that performance over the next few quarters, we'll have to wait and see but it will certainly be tougher. Leasing activity has clearly slowed, and we expect to see more tenant failures and rent relief request, particularly after the holiday season. Very few of the retailers were speaking where they are bullish about fourth quarter sales. Announced liquidation of lands and things alone which affects two great locations with us as DC region will create 73,000 feet of short-term vacancy if those leases are not purchased in a $2.1 million annual income hold. In the longer term, getting those spaces back will be value additive to the both Mid-Pike and Friendship Center, the two centers where they reside. As you know, we have a very stable portfolio for properties and I would expect us to continue to outperform compared with our public and private competition as this economic cycle tests its lower limits. This result do however, reflect a changing environment as can be seem in our same-store growth, which slowed the 2.8% on an operational basis without the impact of the redevelopment and 4.8% including redevelopments in the quarter, due primarily, the higher bad debt expense that reflects our concern about overall retailers health. That number actually looks worse if you computed off the face of the P&L, as the prior year included a $1.2 million benefit from an expiring land option that would pay to us. Any way you look at it though, we're clearly running our business from all sides; leasing, cost in overhead and capital, and preparation for long difficult environment. We're re-examining the way we conduct every facet of our operations, and we've reduced our overhead run rate by roughly 20% going into next year. We've done that in a couple of ways. First, through the re-negotiations with our vendors. Secondly, with the title rope on investment initiatives. Regrettably, thirdly, through staff reductions in most areas of the organization. We strongly believe that one of the key requirements of operating a business to times like these is more nimble decision making on fundamental real estate issues, and we therefore try to remove layers than impede that process. I think those actions though have us well set up to handle whatever 2009 throws at us. I don't have much to add about our redevelopment initiatives this quarter as there is a little change from the second quarter where my remarks still apply. No deteriorations of any significance in the timing or in the returns that we expect. The one item of note relates the residential lease up for our latest development in the Bethesda and that's Arlington East, where we continue to lease up the residential portion and are now over 90% lease there. On the acquisition front, we closed on a previously announced Courtyard Shops in Wellington, Florida in August for $38 million. Wellington is a 127,000 square foot Publix-anchored center and represents a second acquisition itself for Florida following Del Mar Village which question acquired last March. Given the current state of the capital markets, you should expect to see us become even more selective with the deployment of capital, until we have greater visibility on the cost and terms of new long-term capital. Finally, it is a good time to remind you that Federal Realty has increased its common dividend every year for 41 years through all kinds of economies and interest rate environments. We wouldn't expect that to change in 2009. Let me stop there and turn it over to our new CFO, Andy Blocher to talk about capital markets and the future. Andy?
Andy Blocher: Thanks, Don and good morning everybody. I just want to spend a couple of minutes talking about our current balance sheet and 2009 debut maturities before providing a little bit of an overview on 2009 expectations, and turning the call over to your questions. Three specific transactions impacted the Trust balance sheet in the third quarter. First, in July, we are able to extend the maturity of our $200 million unsecured term loan to November 6, 2009. You may recall, the rate on the term loan is LIBOR plus 57.5 basis points, which is a very attractive piece of capital in the current market. Second, on August 15th, the holders of $20.8 million of our 748 notes due in 2026, they exercised their onetime put option for these notes to us. We utilized availability on a credit facility or facilitate the redemptions. The put option for all other debt redemptions has now expired. The third is the deal that we're really excited about because it takes advantage of some of the foresight we have been talking about in the last few years. In late September, we completed a 1031 exchange transaction where we swapped our fee interest in four land parcels, three of which were at White Marsh that we talked about as trade bait when we talked about the deal last year. We control the land under two parcels at the Bethesda Row, including our related space of mix-use development there, Arlington East. While we had the right to acquire the land under Bethesda in 2013, we are able to get at the land sooner due to our strong relationship with the owner, and our ownership of these ground leases desirable for trade purposes. As a result, we have better operational and ownership flexibility at our latest addition to one of our most valuable assets. In addition, we are able to generate $28 million to cash on the balance sheet in an extremely tax efficient manner and increased earnings. This is really a smart deal for Federal Reality all around. With respect to the balance sheet, Federal Reality has no material debt maturities until fourth quarter 2009, a year from now. We have the previously mentioned $200 million term loan maturing on November 6, '09, and $175 million in 3.25% notes maturing December 1, '09. We would expect to refinance the term loan at a rate above the current rate, but also to refinance in 3.25 notes at a rate below the current rate. The absolute refinancing rate isn't something we have certainty around right now. There are several things to make me more confident in our ability to access capital at reasonable rates, first is our low absolute level of leverage. Even with the significant decrease in equity values, Federal Realty continues to carry very well leverage, both on a market capitalization basis where we are at roughly 35% at today's stock price, but even more importantly, on a book value basis where leverage is under 45%. A low book leverage is truly a positive when you consider the low book basis in many of our assets. Remember, we've been a public company since 1962 and have owned many of our properties since the great 1960s, and the early 1970s. The potential positive spread between book value and appraised value, really can be a positive with respect to certain non-covenants in the event we decide to refinance unsecured debt with secured debt. Second is our large unencumbered pool of assets. Since we've historically been an unsecured borrower, over 80% of our asset base is currently unencumbered. This large unencumbered asset base increases our flexibility with respect to financing options, potentially allowing us to borrow on a secured basis inside seize conservatively a $0.5 billion or more, while maintaining our unsecured borrowing flexibility for when that market option returns. Third, our coverage ratio has remained very strong and more than double our bond covenant requirements. Finally, the trust possesses high quality assets and management two attributes that we believe will become increasingly important when liquidity does return. With volatility and uncertainties, the themes of the day with respect to the capital markets, our expectations are for shorter potential issuance windows and on certain absolute pricing levels in the near term. As a result, we've already begun on doing the prep work to assure that we have accessed all market alternative: secured, unsecured from banks like company's pension funds et cetera, and be certain that we are prepared to execute windows. Windows reopened hopefully in early '09. In conclusion, I wanted to provide some broad thoughts with respect to '09 earnings expectations. As we discussed, retailer help in cost of capital remained significant uncertainties. While we continue to believe their high quality assets and desirable interlocations well performed other alternatives, specific performance remains uncertain. That said, I'd be surprised if we're able to produce our historic 7% to 10% growth in '09. I also have a tough time coming up with scenarios where '09 FFO per share isn't somewhat better than what we report for '08. Now, maybe many of you may not find this wide range of expectations valuable at this time. Both in the operating and financing environment, we are in several standard deviations from a mean. Expectations are specific '09 performance as we talk in October '08 is not realistically achievable. Kim, we're now available to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'd like to begin the question-and-answer session of the conference. (Operator Instructions). And the first question comes from the line of J. Habermann with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, guys this is (inaudible) here with [Jay] as well. We've been hearing a lot of chat of later retailers struggling to maintain comp store sales in the current environment. Are there any specific retailers that stand out in your portfolios have been benefited from this, maybe here Bed Bath and beyond benefiting from Linens liquidation sales? And also have they been more aggressive with the expansion plans to gain market share as the results? 
Don Wood: Well, let me start it out and let me turn it over to Chris Weilminster who is our Head of Leasing, who is here also. First of all, the kind of change that's occurring out there is very recent in terms of a real trouble on the horizon. And so, we don't really have hard sales numbers, if any, from this month yet, for example, or even last month. So this is anecdotal. But one other things that is really interesting including the example that you laid out is, when you have Linens and they are doing GOB sales and will probably doing this through Christmas, they are putting price pressure on Bed Baths. So it's kind of hard for Bed Bath to charge normal retail prices when you can go to Linens and gets the Bath offers whatever the GOB sales is. So, I am not sure it help Bed Bath's profitability. I shouldn't be talking about them, then, we'll see. But logically, you've got that issue that creates some kind of a dislocation in the marketplace for a period of time. I think that's a pretty common theme when you have competitors going out in all different segments and the consumer being able to buy a similar product even if its not same product, but something similar at significantly different prices. So I am not sure that's going to help all that much this holiday season, I don't know. Chris anything else that
Chris Weilminster: I think Don you hit the big broader point what we're seeing in a couple of different areas. You talk about the home goods area, Bed Bath certainly will not benefit from the GOB sales of Linens. And what's interesting that's going on right now is usually, historically, when you look at bankruptcies they happened after the holidays because most retailers want to sell through their merchandise in the prime selling season. But what's happening now is, you have retailers going bankrupt prior to the holidays, which will put stress on the healthy retailers like Bed Bath.
Don Wood: And most of that is really capital markets.
Chris Weilminster: And think about Mervyns. I mean, Mervyns right now is also doing store closers. What that will do to Kohl's and some of the other [softgrade] operators, and the same thing's happening with Best Buy and Circuit City. So, hopefully, that gives enough insight.
Unidentified Analyst: Sure, yeah. And then just one more question. Switching gears to acquisition, what are your current thoughts on the acquisition environment going forward? And what sort of IRRs are you targeting? And then, do you feel that the spread in those requirements for a high quality A versus B, C type asset has widened more today versus, say, three or six months ago?
Don Wood: Oh gosh, it's so early to tell. Things haven't settled. We got to figure out where the world settles, but Jeff what do you think?
Jeff Berkes: Yeah, I think on start to the tailend of your question first, I definitely think going forward, you're going to see a widening of returns between primary markets and secondary and tertiary markets, and centers that are well-located and well-leased versus those that aren't. One other thing that happened in '06 and '07 when everybody was so exuberant and debt was so available and so cheap, that Gap narrowed, and when the opposite occurs, the Gap is going to widen out. And that's historically been the case. In terms of how people are pricing deals and what's going on right now, I can tell you that there are a couple of big trades in our target markets that were priced over this summer. One actually closed over this summer, one didn't close until early October. Institutional quality assets, one in South Florida, one in Northern California that traded in that 7.5 to 8 on LIBOR to IRR range. And as we move through the summer, some of the other deals that came to market that have either been dropped or haven't been done yet, and IRR drifted up into the low eights. And since that time, there really hasn't been a lot of stuff brought to market and priced. Obviously, there are some deals on the market right now, but I would hesitate to really draw any conclusions from those because their assets are needed to be sold for whatever reason, and generally don't have good going forward NOI growth prospects, in fact, maybe they are negative. So if you are looking at some of the stuff that's being talked about right now, I don't really think that's a good indication of where we're headed. But clearly, we're in the mid eights, and heading on 10-year unlevered IRR basis, and won't really know where it shakes out until the dead markets come back.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks so much for that.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Christie McElroy with Banc of America. Please proceed.
Christie McElroy - Banc of America: Hey, good morning guys. Don, just following up on your comments about being more selective in the use of capital. As you started thinking about projects to be slated for 2010 completion of those that are currently listed in the future potential pipeline, would you expect to slow your pace of new developments pending in this environment? I know you've been targeting around $100 million a year. Are you underwriting projects differently in the current market?
Don Wood: Well, yeah. I'd have to say we are, Christie. And you know this is all driven by trying to figure out what's the long-term cost of capital is going to be. The last thing in quarter we want to be doing is kind of using old metrics to evaluate moving forward. I can tell you though, there are a bunch of projects that we are either in the middle of that we will not slowdown one bit. In fact, whether you are talking about Assembly Square or whether you are looking at the early planning stages of Mid-Pike and Bala Cynwyd, we're very confident we're going to be able to create significant value and we want to be out there in the marketplace with those products when they are ready, which will be a couple of years from now. Turning this [pick or drop] completely now is not something we want to do, because we just can't turn it on very quickly, it obviously, is a long-term business. So, having said that to the extent new projects are being revaluated now, it's harder to figure out whether they make or not. So we know what longer term cost of capital is going to be. So, there is absolutely truth in your basic assumption but don't take that too far to suggest that you won't see the continuation of stuff that we've got already moving.
Christie McElroy - Banc of America: So the leasing on those projects that you referred to, that is still kind of going on plan?
Don Wood: Yeah. Well, I guess we really have to talk about the specific projects. A lot of the stuff that is under construction today had leasing basically done in it, and we're in very good shape. The long-term stuff like in Assembly Square or like Mid-Pike, it's just too early to have started the leasing and that will happen in the year and a half to two years from now. So we'll see what kind of environment we're in then, but it's too early to pull back on those. The only exception I have for that is the construction that we have added Santana Row, which as you know is not a big project. It's a $40 million project where we're looking at that construction to be done late in 2009. And that's office over retail, that's stuff we couldn't release. So there is some exposure there in terms of 2010, but again, it's a very small part of our business.
Christie McElroy - Banc of America: Okay. And then Andy, regarding the $200 million term note that matures next November, it looks like the swap six buyer next week. Do you plan to put new shops in place? What are your options there? And how would your debt cost change?
Andy Blocher: Yeah. The swap rate that we got on those were in the 27, someone would say. LIBOR, I saw it reset down earlier today. We're certainly getting closer, I feel a lot better than about that than I did in two weeks ago. But we really do want to maintain as much flexibility as we can. My view right now would be to leave that floating for the near-term.
Christie McElroy - Banc of America: Okay. And you don't have another extension option on the term loan correct?
Andy Blocher: That's correct.
Christie McElroy - Banc of America: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan with FBR. Please proceed.
Paul Morgan - FBR:  Good morning. On the G&A drop, how much of that should I consider to be a good going forward number? What do you think our run rate for '09 will be?
Andy Blocher: Hey, Paul its Andy.
Paul Morgan - FBR: Hi.
Andy Blocher: For '09 you're probably looking at $5 million to $5.5 million a quarter.
Paul Morgan - FBR: Okay, great. And then, I think Don you mentioned something about rent relief and there have been a number of retailers making comments that they are having a lot more success these days with getting rent relief on in-place leases. And I was just wondering, what you are seeing? What type of tenant is? Are you more inclined to [grain] at these big box retailers that are on the verge of these mom and pops? And what your philosophy is there?
Don Wood: Philosophically I can tell you, it is very much a tenant-by-tenant negotiation or discussion. In preparation for a question like this, I was really trying to figure out whether we can make any kind of broad assessment that if this type of tenant or that type of tenant or whatever, and we're really can't. This is pretty broad; I mean this is affecting most different categories of retailers now, generally, in the United States. And so when we're talking about rent-relief discussions or even new leases and what the rent is going to be and what the terms are going to be, it's very much specific property related. I can tell you that, I mean, maybe this is obvious, but by having the better properties, one other things we are proactively doing is trying to find tenants who are in the secondary, maybe the second-best shopping center or the third-best shopping center in a market and trying to incite them to come to the best shopping center in the market, if that's what we have. And then, that's a very specific leasing goal. We're trying to create demand, such that we have more leverage in those leasing negotiations. But we'll have better luck on the best properties. We'll have less luck on the not-as-good properties. And so, it really, Paul, is a very, very, like everything, real estate specific, and tenant specific negotiations.
Paul Morgan - FBR: Thanks. And then Andy, you threw out there in your scenarios; it's not easy for you to come up with numbers that gets you to below your growth rate for this year. I would assume that a lot of those scenarios would entail slower internal growth at least. I mean, what are the drivers that might offset lower occupancy next year to get you to the same rough growth number?
Don Wood: Yeah, I want to jump in on that. Paul, you heard him wrong. He didn't say that he can't see us growing at 7% next year, which is our growth rate or so this year. He said, he can't see us below this year's number. So, our guidance
Paul Morgan - FBR: You mean, just absolute FFO number?
Don Wood: Absolute FFO number.
Paul Morgan - FBR: Okay.
Don Wood: So, there's two giant unknowns here, right? One is basically the occupancy number. How many bankruptcies and what that does to physical space which goes dark for that period. We certainly are anticipating higher vacancy next year. And we're trying to model in some kind of number, but the range is big. So for perspective, I can tell you that and this would never happen in one year but depending on our prolonged, Federal's been here a long time and we went back we looked at data going back into the 80s. And the lowest occupancy this portfolio has ever had was in the 91% range or so, and that was in 1990-1991. Even at that time and Chris can tell you because he was here, he's a million years old. There was still leasing being done and so that's where it got to. Now, next year we are certainly not going to be down there, but we are going to see some bankruptcies and we're going to see some vacancies that comes out of that. How much that is makes it hard to estimate? And the second thing is on the refinancing of debt that comes due next year and it doesn't come due till October or December, but we're certainly not going to wait till October and December to refinance. And so, what the cost of that money is going to be when we do? Well, on average certainly be higher. And so the combination of those two things makes it pretty clear that it will be very difficult for us to grow 7%, 8%, 9%, 10% over this year. But also, when you make some reasonable assumptions, pretty clear, that we'll hit this year's number or higher, where in that range is what makes us so tough to talk about. And that's when Andy was saying in his remarks.
Paul Morgan - FBR: Okay. So the flat FFO scenario would be pretty bearish in terms of what you would have to expect for bankruptcies over the course of the year.
Don Wood: Yes. It would. 
Paul Morgan - FBR: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly with Wachovia. Please proceed. 
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia: Good morning, guys. A few questions for you on the leasing front. Don, some of your competitors have more of like I call the centralized leasing model because they predominantly deal with national retailers, whereas others have more numerous regional [on site] offices with the focus on I guess local or regional banks. In your opinion, is there a structure here for the leasing world that should benefit disproportionally given the leasing environment that lies ahead?
Don Wood: Well, Jeff. It's a good question. We are a centralized organization modules, certainly in terms of our anchor deals in an absolute way. While Chris Weilminster is here with us run leasing for the company. His specialty is the big deals and he is the anchor guy. And I think Chris would certainly agree that having the purview to be able to do what needs to be done across jurisdictions is really important right now. And in fact, these are all negotiations and it's all about leverage and it's all about satisfying what that retailer needs at the same time doing what's right for the trust, that balance I think is better if you can look over the entire portfolio. Dividing concur strategy is certainly one that if I'm a retailer I'd be deploying if I were dealing with somebody in one market and somebody else in another market and somebody in the third. So we're happy to be centralized in terms of the anchor deals. But at same time, you've got to be local on the shop stuff and you better be in touch with what's going on in that specific marketplace and you better be clear on the help of that local retailer, and on what that local retailer needs to do to get through. Or if they are not going to get through, they are moving out and they move it through. So I think the combination Jeff, centralized anchor and local small shop has to be at least in my view, the best way to position a difficult environment.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia: It's helpful. I guess related to that, has there been any change, even subsequent to quarter end in the shop tenant defaulted delinquency rates?
Don Wood: I don't think so in terms of shop tenant delinquency rate, there has certainly been a lot more October consternation, which maybe a [apparel] to higher delinquency rates coming forward. I suspect certainly, if the ability for shop folks to find financing is not better than it is today, then it will have to be harder. And there has to be higher delinquency rates. On the other hand, to the extent money opens up a bit, I think that impact will be significantly less. But you've definitely heard, October clearly has become far more pessimistic from almost every view of shop, regional, big box and land lords. So it's pretty pervasive.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia: This might be two open ended of a question, but I guess, if and when stress materializes and the tenant comes and even says that I have issues, do you have a preference for this point? How you resolve that situation? I mean, is it free rent? Is it going to present the sales agreements, somebody on your tenants or you try to shorten term?
Don Wood: I don't mean to, in any way suggest that hasn't started, that's been around big piece of the year, certainly those type of questions. And I got to go back to the way I answered the first question, that really is a tenant-by-tenant, location-by-location analysis. We don't want to put a broad brush on this is how we handle those situations, and if you knew our collections group which is very seasoned and it's been here a long time, in dealing with these situations. If you knew them, you would know that they very much take it, especially on a shop side, very personally. And try to understand what needs to happen to get that tenant through, particularly if that tenant has been around for a long time, and has shown its ability to be able to be successful. The tougher ones are on the brand new deals. So if there has been a lot of development in a bunch of companies, it would be interesting to me because a lot of new shop tenants where they haven't been able to prove themselves yet, and are opening up at a very difficult time in the environment. Those are tough calls to make. Those are calls that, do you want to help them limp along or do you not? I know I almost answered every question, but it really depends on the specific real estate, what it does, and that's kind of where we are. You use whatever tools are in, whatever arrows are in your quiver.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia: And just a last question, Don just to clarify something. I know you are saying about being more judicious with your capital, I guess going forward. But does that mean that you will or won't remain an acquirer in Florida in the near-term if that's put on hold?
Don Wood: In the near-term in Florida, it's not that it's put on hold because you need to stay in the market; you need to understand what's going on. But you know what IRR we need on an asset that we seek today? I don't know. What do you think Jeff?
Jeff Berkes: Yeah, I think what Don is saying Jeff is, it's difficult to know whether or not you're getting a good deal on this environment until we have some clarity on that, which really comes back to, long-term what's the cost to capital? Sure, we're out there digging around like we always are, but it's really difficult to pull the trigger.
Don Wood: I can tell you, long-term there is no change. We want to be in Florida, we want this to shake out quickly. I don't know if it will but we want this to shake out as judiciously as we can, and then we want to be there.
Jeff Berkes: Again just a little bit more color. We view there is an opportunity and when that opportunity really starts and how long it lasts, remains to be seen. But, this is going to be an opportunity for us.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia: Last question, I guess, maybe for Jeff and Andy. Give us more color on the land and building area in the Bethesda, I guess, that overall land slop. And specifically, how you guys looked at the deal from a return on invested capital standpoint?
Andy Blocher: Yeah, I can give you the numbers for the deal, Jeff. Effectively, what we did is, we traded ground leases that we acquired when we bought the White Marsh portfolio, and when we bought the Eastern Development portfolio up in New England for the fee interest under some of the improvements in Bethesda. And what we bought, I believe was around 15 acres or so, with the land under the giant food store and then going across Arlington Road, land underneath New Arlington East building and some of the other improvements over there. And what we sold or traded out was a land lease to loans, home improvement stores up in North Dartmouth which was part of the Eastern deal. A land lease to lows, up in White Marsh, land underneath an office building that was leased to John Hopkins Health Systems, and then a bank pad. And we basically bought on a cash basis at about an eight, seven cap and we sold on a cash basis, sold about a six cap on a Gap basis. So I think that spread widens 20 or 30 basis points. We assume $24.5 million of debt and a weighted average interest rate of 5.3%. And we got back in security deposit. So borrowing $28 million of the cash including the security deposit, nice pump to earnings, got some flat assets out of our portfolio that, again, if you remember both of those transactions, one of the reasons we've agreed to buy those assets from the sellers is we thought that they were coming handy when opportunities like this arose and opportunities arose and we took advantage of it. It was a real win for us and really a win for the other side of the transactions as well because it gave him a lot more visibility on delinquent time that could differ their capital gain stock. So, great deal all around.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia: Great, thanks guys. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Hi. Good morning, guys, and Andy, I want to congratulate you on your new position and welcome to the credit nightmare. In that vein, I know you guys, you have a lot of unsecured debt, but it sounds like you are talking to some on the potential for some mortgage type debt. Can you give us a thought on what those conversations are like at this point and how they might for change perhaps over the last couple of months?
Andy Blocher: Yeah, Rich, let me give you a little bit on kind of what we're hearing on secured debt from a bank perspective and Jeff will follow-up with his discussions with insurance company. From the bank perspective, the market is still very much locked and there are deals that have been announced for either unsecured or secured term loan or credit facilities out there. A lot of these deals were deals that have been agreed to months ago that are just kind of closing now. The types of spreads that we are talking about with the banks are in the, lets say, 200 to 300 range over a LIBOR, but the ability to actually get that done today is probably not real. It's more of theoretical spread than anything else. At the end of the day, where we have the confident is the ability for us to contribute high quality assets. We have a very limited bank debt within Federal Realty already and very little leverage. We think that its just people who are thinking about credit, partners all that kind of stuff. We think that it's likely that we'll be able to check all those boxes appropriately when that market return.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Do you see any before Jeff jumps in. Do you see any loosening in terms of the discussions, I mean are they more amenable than they were before or not really?
Andy Blocher: Yeah, I would say that they are. I think that they are maybe not today. But looking forward, they think that the beginning of '09 is likely to see kind of crack in the ice. And lot of our focus now is just being prepared. So when that window opens, we're able to hit those windows because those windows have been short.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then on the insurance side, what were you thinking there?
Jeff Berkes:  Rich, I think over the summer and let me just be clear about something before I directly answer your question. What Andy said is correct. We're talking to people, but we're not out efficiently in the market trying to do a deal. We're working hard internally on running through the assets, making sure everything should shape from an underwriting standpoint. That kind of thing getting prepared, but not yet go in the market. So, Andy talked to the banks, so I quite frequently, I talk to the Life Company lenders somewhat less frequently, but we're not out in the market trying to do a deal yet, because we don't think it makes sense to do that right now. Spread wise, I think for kind of 50% to 60% of loan-to-value money, the Life company is up until. The Lehman meltdown were kind of 225 to 275 over, depending whether you're doing a five-year deal or a 10-year deal, probably at the wide end of that range for five-year and the narrow end of that range for 10-year. I think that's widened out now, the 300, 350, and maybe more. You have a lot of insurance companies that aren't even quoting deals right now until the market settles down. So, that's kind of the range, where it shakes out, we won't know for a while. But I think what Andy says is right, the beginning of next quarter where everybody has their allocations and a little bit more visibility on how all the new banking capital is going to work through the system. This is the time to start talking. And we're getting prepared to do that talking now.
Don Wood: And Rich, just to clarify, I mean, we have not made a firm decision that we are going secured. We absolutely still have that unsecured option out there. It's just a matter of, do we have the flexibility of going either way.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. All right. Very good, guys. Thanks. And then, one more thing maybe for you Don. You were talking about the possibility and I realize it's a Board decision of raising the dividend as you do each year. And I am wondering, is this a year where you might not want to do that and conserve capital or even, I assume you guys are well above your taxable net income threshold, maybe even cut the dividend, so you have extra cash available?
Don Wood: No, I don't think so, Rich. I think when you look at the taxable income that we do generate, when you look at what our expectations are going to be, even if they are and as robust as they had been, and frankly, they may still come out that way. It's just uncertain at this point. The incremental capital that we are talking about in terms of raising dividend is just small. And so, to kind of lead this to save a few million dollars, to lose a great asset of the company, and that is the demonstration of that dividend record. When you have increasing earnings and when you do have a very strong balance sheet, I don't think it would be prudent to cut that dividend. I don't think it would be prudent to leave alone.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, very good. Thank you, guys.
Don Wood: Thanks.
Operator: And the next question comes form the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Hi, Don. I know you're laid out of scenario where you talked about occupancy heading down next year, and there are a lot of unknowns based on bankruptcies. But, based on what you know right now in terms of store closings etcetera, where do you think the occupancy could dip to, based on just what's known today?
Don Wood: You know Michael, I'd take another 80 basis points or something like that. I mean, I'd say 50 to 100, something like that as we kind of model out and lay through what we see, a bit conservative, that may be what you should look at. It comes down to things like this, we've got, take Lenin. Lenin is a great example. We've got two of them, 73,000 square feet. One of them is at Mid-Pike. Mid-Pike is being looked at very hard for redevelopment. So we had very little term left on that lease. That lease isn't going to be assumed, it's just going to go dark. And while we'll try to lease it up on a temporary basis, we're not going to have a lot of options in terms of not having that dark, that's probably going to be dark. When you look at the other one in Friendship Center, I can't tell you the number of calls we're getting to assume that lease, or if not assume it then negotiate with us in terms of what new tenants who want to be there. Depending upon how things just like that happened, and where we'll be with Circuit City, we've got two Circuit Cities. One, that's under construction right now, I doubt they will perform on. And a second, that is in a good operating store. When you talk about boxes like that and whether they are assumed or whether they are not, or what specifically happens to those stores, there is different lot of variability. And so that's kind of the issue I was raising, but if you're going to make an estimate, make an estimate of 80 basis points or so, lower than where we are.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Okay. But Wood, you were talking about Circuit City etcetera. I mean that's not in the 50 to 100, that could be the incremental above what you know?
Don Wood: I've got an overall cushion; I don't know who it is.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Okay. 
Don Wood: Don't which Circuit City or who it's going to be. All I know is, it's a good time to keep in mind that no one tenant makes up more than 2.5% of our current income stream. It's a good time to keep that in mind. 
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Sure. And when you are looking at the leasing spreads, north of 20% again this quarter, and you highlighted a bunch of leases from older centers that really drove the numbers up. When you dig into the '09 roles, is it also peppered with a lot of the older leases as well that can keep the spreads up even if the general trend is for a little bit contraction?
Don Wood: Yeah. It is I think almost, not necessarily every quarter but in every year you are certainly going to see good times and bad, some very good renewed deals where an old tenant paying a little bit of money gets replaced by new tenant paying a lot of money, even if that lot of money is not what it would have been in the best time. So there is still going to be those deals that happened. Overall though, we do 300 and some odd deals a year, and the general trend is certainly going to be for most of those deals to be at lower spreads, I would think. And so, while I can't tell you any particular quarter which may look great or not so great, I can tell you over the year I think it will be hard for us to 23% next year.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Okay.
Don Wood: But I certainly would still expect it to be positive.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Nick Vedder - Green Street Advisors: Hi, it's Nick Vedder here. I had a quick question with regards to capital allocation. Given your strong balance sheet in the world where federal stock is trading at an implied 7.50% cap rate. How do you think about acquisitions versus buying back your stock?
Don Wood: Look, both of those questions right now are so tied up in how the business gets financed. Going forward, it's hard to separate those two things. Using debt capacity to buyback stock at what I agree with you is just, I don't think its prudent management since we truly don't know what the cost of that new money is going to be long-term, and we really don't know. And I'm very, very interested is, what opportunities are going to avail themselves over the next 18 to 24 months which is hard to believe that we shouldn't be able to really play very strongly in terms of what happens out there. But where that settles out is just really hard Nick to estimate right now with the credit markets as locked up as they are. So we do absolutely look at the best investments out there, including our own stock, no question about it. For an ongoing business, we plan to be around for a long time. And as we do that, we want to make sure that if there are, distressed is maybe the right word, distressed real estate our there or distressed owners not distressed real estate because we're really going to buy the best real estate. But distressed owners that we can take advantage of, I would rather do that then buyback stock. To the extent the returns looks similar.
Nick Vedder - Green Street Advisors: Great. Thank you. Andy, you made some comments earlier with respect to leverage ratio both on a margin cap basis as well as the book value of assets. Where do you think that leverage ratio stands as a percent of your market value of your assets?
Andy Blocher:  Well, I think that based on the comments that Don said, if we're looking at 35% debt-to-total market cap, and our assumption that we view the stock as not necessarily trading reflective of where we view the assets that make that up, obviously somewhat inside of there. I don't have a specific number.
Nick Vedder - Green Street Advisors: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Nathan Isbee with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, good morning. Gap made a bit of a splash too, if you are talking about closing 15% of the stores. What are you hearing from Gap regarding your 11 stores?
Don Wood: Chris?
Chris Weilminster: We've really looked at our rent-to-sales ratios with the Gap and feel very comfortable that the majority of our stores are in pretty good position with regard to that ratio and they will be stores that the Gap wants to keep. The Gap has approached us on a handful of the Old Navies that we have about trying to downsize. We are productively working with Gap. We are trying to see whether we can manage that. But overall, I think the Gap used the real estate or the locations they have within our real estate as productive stores that they would long-term want to keep.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. How are your stores comping against the overall Gap numbers?
Chris Weilminster: I mean they are down. The Gap stores our numbers when you look at the sales.
Don Wood: The overall, our stores versus all Gaps.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus: Correct.
Chris Weilminster: Yeah.
Don Wood: I believe we only have one Gap stores. As the Gap itself, the Old Navy stores were down a bit, I think were probably right in line with what we are seeing as far as our comp store decreases.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And are there any near term lease expression in the Gap portfolio?
Don Wood: We've got two of the Old Navy leases that are coming up, they tend to do shorter terms and while our negotiations with them right now, they have got options that they are making decision going. 
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thank you. 
Don Wood: Thanks, [Nat].
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed. 
Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. You probably commented on most of these points, but there were three data points that I was wondering just how concerned to be. The first the 90 basis points within leased, it sounds like you think that maybe echoed in occupancy in the coming year to the 10% increase on renewals on the cash basis and then three of the $23 to $24 TI prescript for the new leasing. I guess on the last two points I'm just wondering what is it that makes the renewals a little tougher in this environment and why is there TI increasing at this point a new lease?
Don Wood: Craig, it really comes down to the specific deal. I think when we're looking at renewals far away most renewals that we have, don't have a lot money that's going to the tenant. In some of those numbers you do see landlord numbers in there. In other words, to the extent we got to put new [HBAC] and to the extent the spaces is old and has to be redone. There are often times when that number will be in the TI number that you're looking at. It just depends on who is paying it frankly. There's not a trend there that we're seeing in terms of that. So I think that's really much more in terms of the specific deals. In terms of the percentage lease turning into occupancy, I think that's right. I think as I say, the guidance I gave earlier in the call about reduced physical occupancy obviously translate through lease occupancy too. So I think that's the trend, going into the next 12 months that you are going to see continue. But I don't see it on the TI side, okay, at this point.
Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch: That's good. And then, I mean the 10% relative to what has been high teens to 20s on the renewals in the past is on a good run rate for the few quarters or do you think
Don Wood: Tough question man. That really depends on the quarter. As I say, even when its renewals or new stuff, when you look at Federal, there is always a very often in any year, a couple of deals that make that number go higher, make that number go lower. I don't know how they'll give you guidance really as to what that rollover should be on renewals. Other than to say, there is a general pressure to make that number lower. Now, to the extent that winds up being some of our better centers, maybe 10, maybe higher as it goes through there. But, I don't know, I guess I'd probably use just -- that 10 is probably not a bad number to guess going forward.
Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch: Okay; listen, thanks a lot.
Don Wood: Okay.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of [David Spector] with UBS. Please proceed.
Jeff Spector - UBS: Good morning, it's [Jeff Spector]. Just quick question on the tenant front, are you more concerned about the Mom and Pop's, the National Retailers or the Big Box.
Don Wood: It's all of the above and none of the above in terms of more or less concerned. I mean look, we're dealing today with Linens and things, right. I suspect we'll be dealing tomorrow with that one or two Circuit City location. We'll be dealing with Boxes because they are national and everybody knows about them and its hits on every radar screen to some extent. That same thing applies to shops and it applies to regional. But you got to get down to the productivity of the particular real estate and they are just not leased in the 19 million square feet that we own. There is not a trend that I can tell you that applies more to any of those categories. It applies more to specific shopping centers than other shopping centers. I mean if you're going to look at some of the weaker shopping centers within Federal's portfolio, I can tell you that that applies almost all away through. Just as it applies less including the big boxes like I just mentioned on our better centers like Friendship has, so it really does come down to accessing the market, the submarkets and the real estate. And if you can cut it that way rather than cut it box regional small shop you'll get a more accurate answer.
Jeff Spector - UBS: Okay. And then the mom and pops, I mean who is replacing a mom and pop as they are leasing their store. Are there new people, new mom and pops opening up today or--?
Don Wood: Some but not less. And frankly, there is two things that are really causing that to be a lot less. You know the ability to get financing for the store is certainly quiet a bit, but the much bigger piece of it is mindset. Just don't feel like taking that chance right now. And that I am hopeful as the bank market opens up a little bit and as this election gets behind us, that makes that psyche change, coupled with lower gas prices, could be a good thing.
Jeff Spector - UBS: Okay. And then just two statistics. What was your occupancy back in '80, '81? Do you happen to have that? I think you said, in 1991 that was the lowest?
Don Wood: Yeah. I can't tell you '80, '81. I can tell you through most of the period that we looked at, it was in the 93%, 94%, 95% range.
Jeff Spector - UBS: Okay. And then last question. Andy, can you quantify the unencumbered pool -- like maybe unencumbered NOI?
Andy Blocher:  I don't have the unencumbered NOI in front of me. I can follow up with you online, I mean offline. Just from a book perspective, like I said it's 80%.
Jeff Spector - UBS: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Philip Martin with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed.
Philip Martin - Cantor Fitzgerald: Good morning. Don, just following up on one of your earlier comments this morning, certainly tenants, even the stronger ones are expected to be having a more difficult time in this environment. But knowing the tenants and markets as well as Federal does, how much opportunity is there or isn't there in identifying tenants at competing centers, and enticing them to move to a Federal center?
Don Wood: We think it's -- I'm sorry, go ahead Philip.
Philip Martin - Cantor Fitzgerald LP: No, I just have to think on top of a weaker economy, I have to think that tenants may just be suffering somewhat unnecessarily from a poor location. Is there anyway to entice or provide these tenants with some anecdotal evidence in terms of possible increases?
Don Wood: Absolutely.
Philip Martin - Cantor Fitzgerald LP: I have to think it's an opportunity for Federal?
Don Wood: It is a huge opportunity for Federal. It's the point I was trying to make before that, it's a key part of our leasing strategy to basically, proactively, Rockville Pike is good example. There are tenants trying to get on the Pike for a long time, okay? Congressional is a good example of the best property in my view, and obviously that's from a sales productivity perspective. Only the best property is on the Pike. There hasn't been the opportunity to get in here. There will be opportunities to get in here. And we're not just putting up for lease sign on the front of the property, we're proactively going out and seeing who we want to be in you, and how to get them in. And so this time, and the next year and two will be a very good time to be able to upgrade the merchandizing. And you know what we show them? We show them the overall tenant sales and we told you in the past that overall tenant sales at Federal centers are far in excess of national averages, and I think they are higher than all of our competitors also on an average. And so that's a very enticing thing and it's a key part of exploiting the better real estate over times like this. That doesn't mean that we won't have vacancy for a period of time and therefore loss [in a way] we will. But as we come out of this period at time, we have to be in a better position by the very nature of the real estate that you're talking about. We have to be able to come out here and grow faster than we would have otherwise. This is just an acceleration of that vacancy.
Philip Martin - Cantor Fitzgerald LP: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time ma'am, there are no further questions. You may continue.
Gina Birdsall: Thanks everybody. Thanks for calling and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. And you may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2008 Federal Realty Investment Trust Earnings Conference Call. All participates will be aided to listen-only until the question-and-answer session of the call. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce the conference leader, Mr. Andrew Blocher. Sir, you may begin.
Andrew Blocher: Well, thank you. Good morning everybody. I want to thank everybody for joining us today for Federal Realty's second quarter earnings call. Joining me on the call today are Don Wood, Joe Squeri and Jeff Berkes. These and other members of our management team are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our second quarter 2008 supplemental disclosure package and a 10-Q provided significant amount of valuable information with respect to the trust's operating financial performance. Those documents are currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed on this call, may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on the reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and factual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements. We can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. Risks inheriting these assumptions include but are not limited to future economic conditions, including interest rates, real estate conditions and the risks and cost of constructions. The earnings release and supplemental reported package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provided more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition or results of operation. I'll now turn the call over to, Don, to begin our discussion of second quarter results.
Donald Wood: Thanks a lot, Andy, and good morning everyone. I think that if you take the time to dig deeply into Federal's 10-Q and supplementary disclosures for the 2008 second quarter, you feel pretty good about the performance of the portfolio at a particularly difficult time from a macroeconomic perspective. And you also be able to draw some conclusion about potential future performance too. With reported FFO at $0.96 a share, we had a very good quarter, with strong 9% top line growth dragged down a bit by three notable expense categories. The first is demolition cost and downtime, as we prepared properties for redevelopments, notably the Walgreen site in San Antonio and the Sturtevant Street site at Assembly Square. Secondly, continuation of the first quarter run rate of higher legal expenses as we concluded trials on a couple of long standing losses that we're working through. By the way, we still haven't received the judge's ruling on these lawsuits and as such no damages are yet reflected in the financial statements. But, as I said last quarter, we do expect to hit sometime later this year. And thirdly higher year-over-year bad debt expenses across the portfolio, reflecting the far more and certain environment that we are operating in. And we also missed the schedule retail openings of our new Arlington East development in Bethesda by a few months which pushed rents starts back later in the year. However, as it become customary with Federal, we had some good things happened in the quarter, including some very strong leasing, as well as lease termination fees that totaled about $1.2 million in the quarter, and a legal settlement on lease default $1.4 million. And I'll get to those in a minute. First though, let me talk about leasing during the quarter and what we might see on the top line for the balance of the year. 90 deals done during the quarter, comprising more than 250,000 square feet at average rents better than $36 a foot. Most of those leases were for comparable space. In other words spaces for which there was a previous dealing place. And we've written at average cash basis rents of $36.39, 25% higher than the previous deal. And when you drill down deeper into those numbers, you'd see strong releasing spreads on new leases and renewals alike. As in the first quarter, the strongest results came from our Northern California properties, Santana Row in particular had some... has really coming to it's own. 8 more sharp deals in the quarter, four renewals and four new deals at average rents of $80 a foot. The new deals were 36% higher than the $59 average rent in the deals they replaced. As properties now have been open for five years, and some of the original deals are up for renewal or remerchandising, we couldn't be happier with the progress that we're making. The retail space in Santana is 99% leased. The nearly 300 residential units are 95% leased. And the hotel continues to led the market most financial categories. Traffic counts of the property continues to trend upward and while Northern California was particularly strong, every major market that we did deals in during the quarter showed a positive leasing spreads. This is a great portfolio. And I would expect leasing of the portfolios to continue to outperform as the year goes on. But we don't see these consumers spending pressures turning around anytime soon. And it'll be tough to continue to pose these types of leasing spreads in volume in next few quarters, but we'll see. The obvious impact that the current economy has on consumer confidence and that in both the actual sales and mindset of most retailers is irrefutable. We continue to hear scale back retailers' expansion plans, deals and progress that were locks that come undone, and more store closing. I continue to believe that Federal has been and will continue to be impacted less than our competitors. The latest store closing list from Starbucks makes the point exactly. At 600 announced closings exactly zero are at Federal properties. We have 33 Starbucks locations, none are on the list. Which as I talked about last and I like to repeat brings us to really the only two things that really matter at the time like this, the strength of the underlying real estate location and a relative strength of the lease itself as it relates to landlord's rates versus tenants rates. Not surprisingly they go hand in hand, normally the stronger location, the stronger the lease from the landlord's point of view. As you would expect we fight as hard or harder for critical lease provisions like we capture rates, operating covenants and fixed-rent start dates as we do for the rental rate. In tough economic times, I believe that overall in terms of our leases, there are significant competitive advantage, which is why would I would expect to report higher lease termination fees in the next year too, which will allow us to get at the up side in our properties through releasing sooner than we would have otherwise. Lease termination fees are regular in the current part of our business, and they have averaged about $3.75 million a year at Federal over the last four years. As I said earlier, we had $1.2 million a lease termination fees included in the second quarter. Let me now move on to discuss the status of our redevelopment program, and then I'll finish up my prepared remarks with an update on the acquisition environment. I can't talk about redevelopment, but I'll first talk about Arlington East, the most recent phase of Bethesda Row that we opened to the public this quarter albeit a few months late and a few million dollars more than forecast. One large building, 180 luxury rental apartments on top of 45,000 feet of specialty retail that solidifies and somewhat completes what has become one of the most successful projects in the country. Total gross came in at $83 million, it's above $3 million more than forecast. But the result is fantastic. The retail space is fully leased, and we currently have 115 of the 118 apartments leased at average market rents of $2.92 a foot. Not quite the 307 that we forecast, but certainly strong given the environment. On stabilization, late this year, we believe these buildings value would be $50 million to $60 million more than our cost. Other projects well underway, include our Santana redevelopments Eastgate Shopping Center in Chapel Hill, the Galaxy Building in Hollywood and new mixed used building anchored by Walgreens in San Antonio and the final phases of the village are Shirlington, each of which are expected to stabilize in the next 12 months. And finally, we've broken ground on the latest phase of Santana Row in 80,000 foot mixed used building, office over retail at Santano's front door, deal will be going up next month in August. We've going a lot going on and continue to move forward on the preliminary planning and entitlement steps that future projects like Assembly Square, Bala Cynwyd and Mid-Pike Plaza. Now, before I turn it over to Joe, let me give you a brief update on our acquisition efforts. As you know, we closed on Del Mar Village during the quarter for $42 million, our first property in South Florida. Del Mar is a 154,000 square foot Winn-Dixie anchored property at the corner of Palmetto Park Road and Powerline Drive in Boca Raton. And we underwrote it fully understanding the weakness in South Florida these days. It's a great location for us to enter the market within in Palm Beach County. Rental growth should be solid. And if we can never plan a way to get the Winn-Dixie bag, we'll create a bunch of value here overtime. We currently had second property tied up in the market. There were finishing at due diligence on and clearly seeing more product loosening up with the economy remains instead [ph] of net. That product loosening up is both specifically in Florida and also nationally. We are fully committed to doing business in three south county, Florida's that we've identified that Broward and Palm Beach and Dade. We would certainly invest here carefully and judiciously over the next to 12 to 24 months. Jeff Berkes, our Chief Investment Officer is with us today and is available for Q&A. That's it for my prepared remarks. As you can see we are certainly happy to be running this type of high quality portfolio at a time like this. We really good be about being able to remain on track operationally through the rest of the year. As you know, Federal business plan is one of the most straight forward and transparent out there. Both of these qualities really stand out in economic times like these. So, let me turn it over to Joe and then we will entertain your questions after that.
Joe Squeri: Thanks Don. As Don mentioned, we are very pleased to report that in spite of a very challenging environment, the trust performed well in the second quarter with strong top-line growth of 9% and FFO per share of $0.96. In spite a slight decline in occupancy to 94.3% from 94.7% in second quarter of 2007, and 94.6% in first quarter 2008, and the continuing impact of bad debt provisions and legal expenses, we're able to deliver a solid 5.5% increase in our FFO per share. We are also pleased to announce that we have increased the Trust annual dividend for common share by $0.16, or 6.6% to $2.60 from $2.44 per share. This dividend increase represents the 41st consecutive year of increased common share dividends, along this record of consecutive annual dividend increases in the REIT sector. And the testament of the trust ability to navigate a variety of economic environments over the long-term. As you look forward towards the reminder of the year, we expect the challenging environment to continue. And to see pressure on occupancy in new lease commitments. Nonetheless, we are encouraged by the continued strong lease rollover figures and furthermore, in spite of the slight decline in occupancy, we are able to post strong same-center property, operating income growth of 4.1%. From a balance sheet perspective, subsequent to the end of the second quarter, we paid off a $4 million mortgage on Leesburg Plaza and extended our $200 million term loan with 2009. And as a result we have no significant maturities coming due until fourth 2009. Well capital market conditions remain challenging, strong balance sheet characteristics including very low leverage both in our market capitalization basis and on a book basis. Combined with a largely unencumbered asset base provide a great deal of flexibility when assessing capital raising alternatives. With over $270 million of availability on our credit facility, we remain optimistic in our ability to fund our growth prospects over the next year. With the first two quarters behind us and some visibility through the balance of the year, we are narrowing our 2008 FFO guidance $3.89 to $3.92. Overall [ph] 2008 guidance does not include any damages associated with the two outstanding lawsuits that we have discussed over the past several quarters. In addition, please remember that we have several committed and anchored tenant rent commitments, starting late third quarter with an estimated quarterly impact of approximately $0.01, one penny. So if you staying focused on quarterly earnings, we would suggest you account for these expectations. Thanks very much. And with that I'll turn it over to the operator and open the call up for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'd like to begin the question and answer session of the conference.[Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Christine McElroy with Banc of America. Please proceed.
Christine McElroy: Hey, good morning guys. Don, you mentioned you're starting to see more products open up in Florida and kind of across the country. Can you provide some additional color on that? What's causing the product to open up? Are starting to see more pressure on sellers, given the financing environment basically forced [ph] sales or is it just kind of typical sellers finally budging on price?
Donald Wood: Well I am going to turn this over to Jeff to give you the color, Christie. But surprising to say, I think first of all when you asked the question, make sure that you are thinking about the type of product that we look at, as opposed to kind of generally what's out there and really the comments on making a very much towards A quality properties in great locations. So Jeff take up from here.
Jeffrey S. Berkes: Yes, hey Christie. We are selling a lot more product coming to market. Particularly, in California and I think what's driving that is somewhat the realization that a cap aren't going down and any longer. And now it's a good time to sell. And we are seeing a broad base of seller types really from institutional sellers pension funds, all the way down to the individuals. And I think, some of those people may be under pressure, but they are not under such extreme pressure that we're seeing huge increases in cap rates, or drops in values within our markets.
Christine McElroy: And then, can you give us a sense for the trends that you're seeing, kind of in market rents today? You guys have a pretty hefty mark-to-market, on... in place rents. That's kind of a primary driver of your internal growth. How much of risk is out there that you could see meaningful pressure on your leasing spreads due to the declining market rents.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, I am not so sure, if it's, and may be this is semantics. I'm not so sure it's declining market rents in the markets that we are in. Its smart retailers, using as leverage the economy to extract more. They absolutely have more choices in terms of where to go. The good news is obviously, a lot of those cases, we were very high up on the list in terms of what [ph] they want to do. It's more businessmen. And so there certainly will be more pressure, I think on the deals themselves as they are negotiated. And are seeing a little bit of that right now. We are seeing it certainly, hardly at all at the very best properties and a little bit more as you kind of go down the scale to more normalized stuff. And it doesn't work like office. So you are not going to see wild swings in terms of the market rents and the mark-to-market that we have in place, when I like at it. I still think it's every bit is strong as it was. And I talked about that overall. Within that well, there will certainly be a couple of places where we tell if it's a prospective tenant can leverage the economy to get the deal done, sure. So that's the kind of... that's the kind of incremental, I guess difference that I think, we should be looking at.
Christine McElroy: Are you starting to see the pressure in any particular markets more than others. Or is it really just kind of asset-by-asset?
Unidentified Company Representative: It is asset-by-asset. I, very much though... but you remember, we're only talking about the five markets that we really do business in.
Christine McElroy: Sure. And then lastly, you guys have always been pretty clear about kind of breaking out the different buckets of where the growth is coming from. Can you just kind of walk through where your outlook stands today and whether or not your growth assumptions have moderated much in this environment?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah. I think, I think about the schedule that we show you all the time that kind of breaks out same-store growth and adds to the redevelopment, adds acquisitions to that. If I... if you think about kind of how that looks. I think the same-store growth is still the primary contributor to where that will come from. Though there'll be certainly quarters that that's under more pressure than before. The redevelopment pipeline... alright, that still looks like the place that we would be, we used to get a bunch of basics to get through to get done and that's a big focus of ours. So you will continue to see that, making up 20% of our growth or something like that with the balance in acquisitions. And obviously, it is with higher money costs out there. The notion of accretive acquisitions is not really on the table for us. It really we don't... we won't see almost any situation where we are going to buy an asset that's going to accretive at the start. Given the type of assets that we buy. We are buying that future growth and we are not going to buy a lot of 7.5 or 8 cap, that said our flat yield plays. Because that's not what we do. So you will still see it in, NOI in same-store growth and you will see it redevelop.
Christine McElroy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan with FBR. Please proceed.
Paul Morgan: Good morning. On Santana Row, a couple of questions do you have... first of all, do you have much more to do in terms of the kind of first generation leases renewing or replacing tenants. And where are you taking the retail from the merchandising perspective when you do that? And then on the office, is that sort of visibility from a prospect... perspective on the 65,000 for an expansion?
Unidentified Company Representative: Let me do it in reverse, if you don't mind. There is no question, we are specking that office in Santana. It's very-very hard in San Jose, California, to kind of pre-lease office space. And may be that's from the years and years of deals, not... promise deals not actually happening. So it takes getting into the ground against feel up [ph]. And so I don't have visibility for you today in terms of the office above the retail at Santana. But there will be more to say about that probably in the beginning part of '09 that is what I am hoping or more to talk about there. In terms of the Santana's merchandising, I've got to got here we got ahead of leasing here who is done in Chris Weilminster, as well Dawn Becker, who runs our West Coast region. I think I'd like to turn that over to those two. Let me start with you Chris on the merchandising.
Chris Weilminster: Sure. From the merchandising standpoint, while we've being very successful and over the past 18 months is getting the interest of some of festive class, local retailers that were based out of San Francisco and surrounding areas that when we initial built Santana Row. We are not willing to take that leap. And these are the retailers that have very established reputations in the market and provide more of a multi branded mix of merchandized, which helps kind of provide a different atmosphere or different shopping environment than a lot of the vertically branded retailers that we put in there on the initial go round. And so that's been a real... that's been very positive for us. And I will may add to the mix there too continue to keep Santana Row very unique and different from any of the competition that we have in the market. Naturally we will focus. We're just focused on making Santana Row the best and most desirable shopping experience for the consumers in the market. Dawn, is there anything else you would like to add to that?
Dawn Becker: No. I think you covered it well.
Chris Weilminster: Okay.
Donald Wood: The only thing I'd say to Paul too is the first part of that question was how we rolled over everything. And the answer is absolutely not. You remember this is greater than 500,000 square foot of retail space there. And the five year leases, we opened at November of '02. So, the November '07 kind of time period was kind of the first bit but that will continue going forward. And we had a point because it is 99% leased. Because it is as popular as it becomes. That really for the first time we've got some more options in terms of had it moving along and to continue to grow at... than we've had in the past. So, let's say, now there is more to come, Santana Row was a not a flat property in terms of NOI growth, you can say that.
Paul Morgan: Okay, thanks. And then, in terms of just the restaurant business, which has been one of the factors driving some company's occupancy down when bad debt up. I mean, how were the restaurants... you've got a lot of restaurants in some of your centers. How are the restaurants performing? Is that one of the factors driving your bad debt, or they... do you see a lot of tenants there on your watch list from the restaurant industry?
Donald Wood: Yes, let's break that up. I mean when you look at our total full service restaurants, portfolio basically throughout the company, I think, let me put together Andy. Wasn't it like 8% of revenue, basically verbally through and the biggest piece of that is that Santana. And if ... you may or you may not remember, but when we did Santana we invested in a lot of those restaurants there. And so, as a result, I have great visibility in what's going there and they are killing. That's not the same all over the country. No question about it, but a big piece of our restaurant revenue stream is I think restaurants in Santana overall are averaging about $900 a foot, which is amazing. It is just amazing and last worthy. And has and that's continued to grow in even through this recession. When you look broader across the country, there is no question that when you start to see those restaurants that are kind of the more popular, I'm not going to name brands for fear again and you know that. But the more popular middle of the road type brands are absolutely struggling a bit more as people don't go out as frequently, mostly, as they had before. But that's a pretty small part of our business and no, its not... and we don't see a lot of bankruptcies there. We just see slower sales there without question. But that's not a big piece of bad debt, no.
Paul Morgan: Okay. And my last thing is just on timing. A lot of then data... a lot of companies have being pushing back redevelopments or grounder projects and I just wanted to see how much, how comfortable are you or what are the retailers telling you about some of the expansions of redevelopments that are your in your pipeline now in terms of, yes, we like but in this environment we would like to push it back a year or two and...
Donald Wood: Chris, I don't think we have any of that. I haven't seen any sign from the retailers of pushing back anything that is we're doing generally on the redevelopment side with one exception and that is Home Depot backing out of the lease, up in Flourtown, Pennsylvania and paying us for it. And, yes, that is the... I think at this point that is the only one there. There is pressure from our side certainly on construction costs to make sure that we can make deals work. And that is a challenge and that continues to be a challenge because I really don't think there has been other than a few of the labor sides of cost or development. That there has been very much decreased, there haven't been decreases. It's been a continued increase in the cost of materials. And so that's the kind of thing that skins [ph] that deals a little bit and has made more cautious in terms of how we forecast that right now. But it's not on the retailing side.
Paul Morgan: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Donnelly with Wachovia Securities. Please proceed.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly: Good morning, guys. I guess the first question is for Andy, I know it's a ways off. But you do have some cheaper loans maturing and I think it's the fourth quarter of 2009 in your ING joint venture. I guess, do you have any sense now what you plan to do with those when they mature and what it would price if you had to refinance some today?
Jeffrey S. Berkes: Hey, Jeff. It's Jeff Berkes. We're just getting ready to sit down with ING Clarion and go through our annual plans for the properties in the next 30 days. So, we'll be talking about the loan maturities with them at this point. Generally speaking I think 10 year fixed-rate life insurance company that today is all at 6.5. The answer to second half of your question. So, if we are like to refinance and nothing changes in the world, that's where it will be. Keep in mind that we are only 30% of the debt on those properties. So it's not a big number.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly: Right.And I guess a few question for Chris Weilminster. Can you talk in more detail about how the leasing dialogue in general is changed in the last 12 months? I guess I'm wondering what has become, really the hot buttons of the retailers to get them to connect to space or connect to renewals. Is that... are they seeking more TI or are they are getting as far as their landlords or they want more upfront concessions?
Chris Weilminster: I think most of the feedback I've been getting from larger retailers is just the uncertainty factor. They are not really being able to judge. You look at the categories that have two big players, whether it's a Linens and Bed Bath. Linens is doing a bunch of GOB sales, how is that impacting their best performance over the next couple of quarters, and what's that going to do to their outlook on a growth basis. It's that kind of thing that they are trying to get their arms around which really answers that's its more uncertainty. And that's... it's not really having impact on a lot of what we're doing with these retailers from a renewal standpoint or garnering their interest because of, again our portfolio and where it is located in areas with lots of density and areas where there is probably the most opportunity for discretionary income still to exist. So we're not seeing that as much, but a lot of that French conversations that you have, all the developers that are looking to build on markets where they don't have their density supporting the retailer perspective numbers. They are having challenges. They are getting and re-traded and the retailers certainly balancing earlier taking advantages of this environment to go back and re-trade those deals.
Unidentified Company Representative: That's what we are seeing.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly: Okay. Because we've heard from other retail REITs that for past few quarters that like I call underwriting times... the times that takes for them to make decisions on spaces on lengthening. Do you think that's because they just need more confidence than usual, this side is proven and we'll work for them and I guess is there anything specifically that you guys are doing which you haven't done before to drill home to folks that your sites will generate the sales productivity that they are looking for?
Chris Weilminster: Looks pretty simple. I mean rents and then making a decision on the deal rents, all the functions and volumes of sales they can do and if we can sit in the shopping center with average sales per square foot, that is an excess of what they would see developing. In another location they are going to be focused on getting our deals done. That's why, I think we've got success because we can support the higher sales per square foot in our shopping centers. And that's why I guess it's leading to a quicker decision as it relates to some of the larger deals that we are working on. And then there is still some uncertainty with regard to those retailers in markets where they can't get that sales that information and where there is not the positive trend. So, I do think that it leads back to that point of our having sales information and not being able to support on average or higher sales per square foot which gives them greater confidence, that's it.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly: And just one last on this, I guess I'll stick with leasing is, I guess some of these terms are non-financial and hard to see but just given they weren't some of the more tenuous retailing environment, are you seeing guys may be pushing harder things like subletting at assignment or co-tenancy clauses than you might have in the past?
Chris Weilminster: They always do but we do talk about this. This is very interesting. There is got to be balance, the most important word and when times are great, if you try as a landlord to take advantage of every single points that's going to come back to haunt you when times get more difficult and the tables are certainly turned from the landlord to tenant in this kind of environment. We've always tried to be very balanced and fair in how we negotiate our deals so that our perspective and how and why we fight for those issues, why we fight for recapture rates undergo dark, where they would argue. You are still getting paid the rent, we would argue. The rent's important to us, but having a dark space and not generating traffic is more important. And we want to have the bite of the apple to go back and release it. All those issues are fundamentally what we do from a leasing standpoint to our core which regardless of the environment, kind of leads us down the same path. So we don't back off, we don't change those positions. We want opening covenants. We do not want to do deals just for income, we want to do a deal to have a vibrant shopping center, because if we can create that environment, you're grow sales and we're going to able to continue to drive additional rents. So we've been very careful about it in both good and now in challenging times to maintain that same focus.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Craig Schmidt: well, thank you. I guess, I am thinking about the resiliency your portfolio has and how that might have changed if you had lot more Florida properties in your portfolio. And just wondering what really gives the Federal portfolio the resiliency as of the individual real estate or is it that the market are in or what portion of those factors keep you off from suffering less in these kind of environments?
Unidentified Company Representative: Oh Gosh, Craig, I do want to make a point that you're inferring to first of all on Florida. But, first let me say, look there is no question that when you pick a market, that the definition of market is very different for everybody that's referring to it. The real estate within that market is the fundamental thing that we need to get right. So you can sit and talk to people about Washington, D.C. and say, well Gosh, we are in the Washington, D.C. market and it's not particularly doing that well. And the person you may be talking to, maybe mostly talking about 11 Loudoun County and Ashburn and that section of the Washington market. That's not the case in the capacity [ph] or which is also the Washington market for example. So be careful on the market itself that we are talking about, the individual property is by far the most important thing within that. I mean, think about it. Think if you have the best shopping center in a submarket, even in bad times the object is then is to do a lot more canvassing. Going to the second best and the third best and the fourth best shopping center in those markets and getting those tenants to trade up. They didn't have an opportunity to do that in the best of times. They got an opportunity to do that as they return. But only, if as Chris said a minute ago, you have the best place with the higher sales. And so by and large that is number one. Secondly, remember, we're making the decision again into Florida now. We didn't make the decision to get into Florida 15 years ago or 20 years ago when there were not the barriers to entry that are today. All of the buildup, causing all of issues today, gives us an opportunity to get in today. And, over the next couple of years at those type of prices, and as this all gets through in Florida market, there is no question long-term, it will be a very better, it would be a much better economy that has been there. So it truly is the combination of picking the markets with those three things that we consider most important: density, affluence and barriers to entry, coupled with making sure we're doing it at the right specific properties within those markets.
Craig Schmidt: Great. So, I'm just wondering then the reason you've limited yourself to five markets, is that just to be... you're not trying to understand every market in the world or have those markets lend themselves to having greater opportunities just fit in with the Federal perspective?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, it's, first of all both and a couple of more reasons, but the latter is the largest. The... we firmly believe that when you look at what happens in these countries, affluent density of the jobs go to the coast. They just do and they have for a very long time. And we have up to this point certainly not, we've been able, we've been successful in being able to find additional assets in those particular markets. Florida, it has grown up to a point where we believe that over the next twenty years which is how we look at things that this company will have those same type of criteria. And I am not saying you can't making money in Kansas City. I'm sure you can. But, when you are running the place, I think it's got to be about picking where you believe you have the greatest opportunity to make the greatest impact with the tightest group of people to be able to do that. And that's why we've chosen those markets.
Craig Schmidt: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Louis Taylor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Louis W. Taylor: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Joe, can you talk about the August debt maturity you've got here and those bonds that were put back to the company. What were the circumstances that allowed the bondholder to put the bonds back to you?
Andrew Blocher: Hey, Louis, it's Andy. Yes, these were bonds that we... that were issued long ago. Their original maturity was 2,026 and within those bond agreement date of one-time put from I think, it was June 15th to July 15th, put those bonds back to us at par. So, roughly half of bondholders was $21 million or the $50 million outstanding, put those securities bask us at par.
Louis W. Taylor: Okay. And any other debt out that has that ability over the next two to three years?
Andrew Blocher: No.
Louis W. Taylor: Great, thank you.
Andrew Blocher: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the lines of J. Habermann with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Tom Baldwin: Hey guys it's actually Tom Baldwin and I am here with my colleague Yohan Mohammad [ph]. One of the things that we have been seeing this quarter as too dramatic slowdown in sales productivity, but meanwhile do leasing spreads and core NOI growth seems to have remain pretty healthy. And someone on an earlier call today mentioned that the corelation between sales productivity and growth in operating income, at least over a shorter term horizon is not that strong. The question I pose is how long ago in sales productivity and sales growth remain at the press levels before it starts to have a more pronounced [ph] on your ability to drive rents.
Unidentified Company Representative: It's very fair question, J. very fair question. And it's not a quarter or two for the well capitalized company and that's for sure. Whether it's two years or three years or a year, frankly depends on the health of that particular retail. There is no question that some of the better retailers in particular are using this period of time and will continue to use this period of time, as the opportunity that haven't had to get into the better places. Even though their sales have flattened down. And it's because they are well capitalized. It's because they're basically investing these days for the future. Those folks that can won't be able to and so to answer to your question is it's a whole lot shorter period of time. And really I think J., I mean it's hard for me that to be able to answer that question on an overall macro basis in the United States of America. But I know how to answer it, as it relates to specific properties that we're trying to do deals on. And that is really much more about dealing with those folks that are the strongest. And that have the ability to write-out cyclical changes in their businesses.
Tom Baldwin: Thanks, Don [ph]. It's actually, Tom. I'm here with J. and Yohan [ph]
Unidentified Company Representative: Sorry, Tom.
Tom Baldwin: No, it's okay. I have one more question, I guess I would direct this one towards Jeff. You usually have some pretty good color on cap rates. And I'd just like to get an update on your view with regard to two things. One, how much cap rates have moved to date, since I guess February '07 inter strips, inter space. And two, what market charter [ph] is with regard to when we could potentially see a stabilization and the upward movement, we've been seeing up rate in cap rates?
Unidentified Company Representative: Alright. Let me try to answer in this way. We buy data from Real Capital Analytics. And what Real Capital Analytics does for us is they provide us with cap rates for open-air strip shopping center in neighborhood and community center sales in United States. And then they sort out the sales that are in our target markets. And transactions volumes then lower the last six, nine, twelve months, but what that information shows is about a 75 basis points spread on average over the last couple of years between cap rates in our markets and cap rates in rest of the country. That will remain pretty consistent for last two to three years. So that's kind of broadly speaking, when you get down to our markets, what we have seen and the handful of deals that have closed in the last three to six months and plus two, three and four deals what we did on in the last couple of weeks is for the better properties and the better submarkets and our target markets. People seem to be willing to pay somewhere between a 7.5 and an 8 end year unleveraged IRR. So, if you are underwriting the property and its power center or a newer neighborhood center where the bulk of the rent comes from a grocery store, drugs store and pads, this power centers and newer neighborhood centers generally grow 1% to 2% on an year over that 10 year period. So when you back into the cap rate you end up with cap rate, I call it, 6.5 to 7, which again stepping back and looking where 10 year fixed rate debt is from the life companies make some sense. When you look at the assets that we like to buy that have an NOI growth of 3% to 4% on average over a 10 year period, the cap rate drops down into the high five below sixes. And I would say from the frothy period you mentioned at February '07 those IRRs are up 50 basis points or so. We actually saw some deals may be trade below '07 10% unleveraged IRR when some of the pension funds go really Hungry back in 2007. And they are up year and out of 7.5 to 8. So, I again I think it's important to look at the IRR because not just the cap rate because it really depends on the growth on the asset, that's what we are seeing. In terms of what is going to stabilize, like I said earlier in the call, that we've seen a bunch of stuff coming into the market in California. We placed three or four deals, couple of hundred million plus in the last week or so. We didn't get any of them. And there is still people paying that kind of 7.5 to 8 IRR. So, for the time being may be things have stabilized a little bit.
Tom Baldwin: Okay. Thanks for that. And then I do have one final question. You mentioned you are using pretty conservative underwriting standards and looking at Florida. I'm just curious, can you elaborate a little bit on exactly what those assumptions are to the extent possible and also how do they compare versus the underwriting assumptions you utilized when looking at different regions in which you operate?
Unidentified Company Representative: Now, that's good question. I mean they should have mentioned this earlier. There is no question that everybody that's buying an asset today is scrutinizing an asset more carefully than a year ago. There is no question that underwriting standards have tightened. And I would imagine you will see that not only from the buyers but also no surprise from the wonders, right. Everybody is getting more selective and everybody is thinking through underwriting assumptions a lot more carefully. We think we've always done that. As it relates specifically to the differences in South Florida versus the Bay area and California, where things are still pretty healthy. I have the best example to give you as the way we looked at the underwriting on Del Market Village which reduced spot. And we underwrote small shop runs on average of that property, end of 15% below the level that the owner had achieved on 11 or 12 deals that they have done a year and a half or so before we bought the asset, or what's in the year and a half or so before we bought the asset. We assumed a lot slower lease up pace. We assumed when leases come up to a lot more tenants vacate the normal and we also held our market road growths flat for several years and tell everything kind of settles down Florida. We are not necessarily being that tough in some of the other markets where we still think that leasing velocity, we still think sales growth and we still think pressure to get into the better centers.
Tom Baldwin: Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: And next question comes from the lines of Jeff Spector with UBS. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Spector: Good morning. Could you provide an update on the health of sort of local tenants to mom and pop, and your leasing plan with them I guess going forward the next 12, 24 months?
Chris Weilminster: Hi. This Chris Weilminster. Some of the franchise driven retailers we've seen, some challenge with some from of the franchise operators, but aside from that most of the mom and pops that we've seen, which tend to maintain from 20% to 30% in their centers, I have seen some good success. I think a lot of that has to do with the anchor tenants that we have in our centers driving strong traffic through the properties. So we've not really seen too much of an outflow of our small shop retailers, some of the recent openings that once we had in Bethesda has far exceeded what our initial sales opening expectations were. So, again I think it gets beck to the fundamentals where our core real estate is located. And it's helping drive this small shop tenant sales. We certainly do here in treasury markets where there is a lot more trouble, where there is more vacancy in small shop, we're just not seeing the sales. But on the mom and pop tenants that we tend to have in our centers were very diligent about the underwriting from our capitalization standpoint. They tend to be pretty well capitalized and we're doing... we're very happy with what we've seeing so far.
Donald Wood: And the only the other thing I just want to add to... I don't want, I mean Chris is talking about specific things that he is doing and working on day in an day out. And if shift that I look at the whole portfolio, there is no question that there is slowing in the growth of sales across the board throughout the portfolio, if you look in total. And which makes it more important to do the things that Chris is talking about with respect to staying on them and staying tight. But, yes, there is... it's the question was that before, whether it's mom and pop frankly regional guys or some of the anchors. I mean you're absolutely seeing the consumer spending impacts on sales of tenants. And to this point and even looking forward, we don't see any disproportionate amount of stress among the mom and pops. These are the others in our particular centers. That point is really right. But still you're still going to see a slowing of sales generally throughout the portfolio, I would suspect.
Jeffrey Spector: Great.Can you talk a little bit about operations, is there any cost savings that improve your bottom line over the next 12, 24 months?
Joe Squeri: Yes. I think that's right. We have absolutely as a company built up over the past couple of years of invested in lot of areas. Some of have really resulted in lot of improved returns that you seeing, some of that didn't worked out as well. And so when we look out forward, we are very diligent on trying to be very tight and keeping us flattened organization as we can. And at a time like this when it happens all the time but particularly the time like this we make some up decisions as it relates to the investments, investments in people, investments in just like investments and properties. So, yes, we are going to try to slowdown the growth in what it costs to run the place probably back it up a little bit.
Jeffrey Spector: And on the redevelopment, do you still expect stabilizations of $75 million to $100 million a year?
Joe Squeri: Yes. I think that's a good estimate that doesn't mean that in any particular year it won't be there. But as you are looking out for models, the value of this company in terms of where we have money to spend and everything else. That's a good long-term run rate.
Jeffrey Spector: Final question, Paul, I haven't seen any thing new on Tysons, is there any update there?
Unidentified Company Representative: You are talking specifically about the metro to go through Tysons?
Jeffrey Spector: Yes.
Unidentified Company Representative: There is a lot of update sometimes, what's updated on Monday is reversed on Thursday and back on again to Wednesdays afterwards. So, our only property there is really at ground zero. It's a great piece of land called Type 7 [ph]. The... all I would say is the timing of getting anything done in terms of a metro there is certainly pushed into the mid-teens, same kind period like that. And we are sitting there with... at ground zero when those plans get specified. In the meantime making a lot money Type 7.
Jeffrey Spector: Great. Thanks guys.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you
Operator: The next question from the line of Michael Mueller with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Michael W. Mueller: Yes, hi. Just one another question on acquisitions. I think Jeff you mentioned, you were seeing more product. But due you think we'll actually begin to see more trades clear at this point? And just if you look over the next 12 months, do you think you will be putting more money to work than you have been over the past 12 months?
Jeffrey S. Berkes: It's really hard to say. I know it's not kind of answer you want to hear. One of the other things obviously we are seeing is deals take a longer to get done. They don't always get done with the person that initially ties up the property. There is more property on the market again particularly in California. So I would expect to see more deals get done over the next six months as opposed to the last six months. And we hope that we can do more acquisitions. But we're going to it also makes sense and like Don said I think it his prepared remarks, property in the markets where we want to invest and the type of properties within those markets. So we want to buy or still or to combine and in my opinion still relatively expensive. So I can't really tell... I can't really answer... I can't give you a direct answer on that.
Michael W. Mueller: Yes. May be as a follow up, is part of the issue more on the pricing side that you're still being more significantly update or type of product you're looking for hasn't necessarily flowed in terms of the market, in terms of being available.
Unidentified Company Representative: It's a combination of two. And in terms of getting out data, that was clearly happening in '07. I think that margin has narrowed somewhat and like I said, the first buyer that's tying up or getting a deal isn't always getting it done. And hopefully, we'll hang around the hoop and some of those would bounce back to us.
Michael W. Mueller: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed.
Nick Vedder: Hi, this is Nick Vedder here with Jim. Just, just along with the broader market that your occupancy has been trending downward. Can you comment on where the vacancies are coming from in terms of market. And is the fallout more on the large boxes, or is it with the small shops space?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. I can tell you it across the Board, Nick. I have looked at it hard. It's... we are not talking a lot, but we talking 30 basis points. I think as an example this past quarter. And that was spread out all over. That was one box, and in Richmond actually. And then a bunch of smaller things throughout the portfolio, and basically, all markets except for the West Coast which has truly stayed stronger than any other.
Nick Vedder: Great.
Unidentified Company Representative: And that's what I would expect to see going forward. I mean there will be increased vacancy as these lease termination fees are paid and we get properties back, all of which we want. The way we look at it, short-term hit, for long term growth.
Nick Vedder: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Moore with RBS Capital [ph]. Please proceed.
Richard C. Moore II: Hi good morning guys. Actually I am still with RBC. We hear a lot about the tenants that are having trouble. But who are back dealing with. I mean either names or categories, I mean who are the tenants you think that are making some progress in this environment?
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi, Chris. Certainly, some of the situations where Don mentioned, we've got Home Depot issue in Flourtown PM. And one of the things that we've always been very good at is looking at space that may be functionally obsolete in our vision in figuring out a way to help right size in existing retailers. So we are very focused right now, whether there is way to take our existing grocery and get them my sized.
Unidentified Company Representative: And that's by the way is trend throughout. That's a very, that was a specific example, but that's a broader answer grocers absolutely are continuing to expand, continuing to move along.
Unidentified Company Representative: Now, that same theme runs through all the other categories. Do we have a retailer that's in a property? I mean it will align with a Ben Franklin store. I am a local operator that I think had tenants lot [ph] stores in the market. And when we did that redevelopment that was a player that was in 10,000 feet. They wanted to be 20 somewhat thousand square feet and we helped them. So, you internally first and then you look at some of the national players that won upgrade in location like Donse [ph]. We had some strong success where we taken retailers that had been in secondary locations. And been able to gain an interest in relocating and upgrading and position the markets some stuff, whether is offbeat stuff or Rockville Pike or just off of Rockville Pike where they want to have Rockville Pike presence with three assets here. We have got a real good lock on providing those opportunities so --
Unidentified Company Representative: The other one category Chris didn't mentioned is banks with all the stuff going out there in the financial community, there are absolutely weaker players for sure lot of them. But whether its Banc of America or couple of others that want to take advantage of that. We are seeing them take over spaces, that they of one of their competitors in areas and I just looking down our specific results for this quarter and last quarter and there is no question that that is a trend.
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure, and then the only other point that I'll make is there is other categories. We've always been a big fan of the health club category. We believe that they bring in a daily draw, and when the opportunity is right, where we've got the right parking there some interesting things we're working on now right now is some health club operators that were very comfortable with where if we can put that together that would work in. And then again I think it's the stronger retailers in categories. That we're always working with whether it's the Bed, Bath, the Michaels, Barnes & Nobles, you just go down the list of those different categories players and we're constantly in touch with them and making sure that we have our opportunities. And as well as I said [ph] we work very hard and diligently to get those transactions done and that's been what we've always been able to do. We've been pretty successful at it and there is no doubt in my year mind that we'll continue to do that.
Richard C. Moore II: Thank you, do you guys see any of these... any international tenants that hit your centers and it's a big topic of conversation for the mall guys. I am curious if any of that kind of constitute your centers as well.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well I was going to say and then Don [ph] will add on here. But so much of that is driven, most of the international players are south group players. So when you look really at our portfolio. There may be 15 assets within our portfolio that may be lend itself to where meet the needs of our south group players. Certainly at Santana, we are very pleased with the success that in our ability to get a deal with H&M there, as well as their success over the past nine months at the project. That's worked out really well Third Street Promenade, in Santa Monica we have got some interesting things we are working on and some international retailers. There is no question that I think that will be certainly for the mall guys a great answer for some of the trouble that's going on with some American retailers right now and as those international retailers, as they get more success in those A plus malls, I think that will lend themselves to absolutely look at alternative opportunities whether it's the lifestyle redevelopment or the lifestyle projects like we have or some of the main street opportunities we have. So I think it will be learning curve, but there is no doubt that I think that's that they are here to stay and they will actually improve. They will force the American retailers I think to get better in some categories and how they get merchandised to market quicker.
Richard C. Moore II: Okay, very good. Thanks guys
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Isbee with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Nathan Isbee: Hi, good morning. How big is your tenant watchlist right now?
Unidentified Company Representative: About 3 inches to 2 inches, what do you mean on that watchlist. We have mains on that list that are small folks, all the time. Is it significantly bigger than it was a year ago, Nate. It's a little bigger, but not significantly. Frankly, we went though some of the toughest ones for the starter and that was Tower and sold out in comp [ph] USA and compared to that it's not even as big. But generally on the smaller shop, these folks that we are looking at, but not, take a look at our top 25 in our 8-K, make sure you understand that where we are, I know you understand where we are. But you understand where the value comes from and make your own assessments that way.
Nathan Isbee: Clearly, it's not going to... we don't expect any huge occupancy declines on the margin there, I was just trying to get a sense?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, I think you should plan on small occupancy declines, I think that trend that was asked about before we will continue. And we get inevitable in the markets that we're, what's going on in the economy right now.
Nathan Isbee: Okay. To book a property, we're hearing a lot about stuff [ph] for the vacancy. Have you seen any store closers there, since you started to under-write since you acquired it?
Unidentified Company Representative: We have, we have got a couple in there. Both by the wake that happens were under-written that way.
Nathan Isbee: Okay.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, we applied a pretty conservative vacancy rate and pretty conservative, we are going to leave the property when our lease comes up when under-write it, like I mentioned earlier.
Nathan Isbee: Okay. And just trying to get your sense of how the acquisition market is involving like you spoke about. Do you see any materially different pricing between the book and the next product acquisition understating it's not a full apple-to-apple comp?
Unidentified Company Representative: Not really. Again, if you want to better stuff, you have got to pay for it. So not materially different and going forward I think that depends on where interest are headed and what happens with the supply institutional capital which is really driving the lot of the pricing today. So not materially different.
Nathan Isbee: Okay. And just one last question, Don you had mentioned before that you all have to least quality in this environment and the value could provide in maintaining your numbers. Can you speak a little about any non-standard clauses you would find in a Federal lease that could give you a leg up here.
Donald Wood: Yes. I'm not sure it's non-standard. I just think it's... we're in a better position to negotiate it. And I think frankly the Home Depot that we talked about at Flourtown is a perfect example. I mean that they had a requirement to build out that store. And they had a requirement to now only build that store but to get the store opened. And for one day. And when you think about that why in a world would you fight for at least provision that's we deal upon for one day, what good is opening in one day. It got to be opened one day, you got to build out the store and once you have that capital in and that requirement to put that capital in, it's a whole lot better for us. Now that is not something that any retailer wants to have. They want the flexibility to be able not have that covenant they wanted it. And the only way we got that done is because of the quality location and I think that's probably a perfect example.
Nathan Isbee: Okay. Thank you.
Donald Wood: That's what I'm thinking there.
Nathan Isbee: I appreciate it. Thanks.
Donald Wood: Alright man. Take care.
Operator: There any further questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to Andrews Blocher for closing remarks.
Andrew Blocher: Great. Thanks everybody for joining us. We look forward to seeing you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-08 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Blocher - Sr. VP, Capital Markets and IR Donald Wood - President and CEO Joe Squeri - EVP, CFO and Treasurer Jeff Berkes - EVP, Chief Investment Officer Chris Weilminster - Sr. VP, Leasing
Analysts: Christine McElroy - Bank of America Louis Taylor - Deutsche Bank Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities Paul Morgan - FBR Capital Markets Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch David Fick - RBC Capital Markets Philip Martin - Cantor Fitzgerald Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs & Co. Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the First Quarter 2008 Federal Realty Investment Trust Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the call. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce this conference leader, Mr. Andrew Blocher. Sir, you may begin.
Andrew Blocher - Senior Vice President, Capital Markets and Investor Relations: Thank you. Good afternoon everybody. I want to thank everybody for joining us today for Federal Realty's first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today are Don Wood; Joe Squeri and Jeff Berkes. These and other members of our management team are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our first quarter 2008 supplemental disclosure package and our 10-Q provide a significant amount of valuable information with respect to the Trust's operating and financial performance. Both documents are currently available on our website. Now, certain matters discussed on this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on the reasonable assumptions, Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. Risks inherent in these assumptions include but are not limited to future economic conditions including interest rates, real estate conditions and the risk and cost of construction. The earnings release and the supplemental reported package that we issued just today, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. I'll now turn the call over to Don to begin our discussion of first quarter results.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Andy, and hello everyone. I think that if you take the time to dig deeply into Federals 10-Q and supplementary disclosures for the 2008 first quarter, you will feel pretty good about the performance of this portfolio at a particularly difficult time from a macroeconomic perspective and you will be able to draw some conclusions about potential future performance too. With reported FFO at $0.94 a share, we had a very good quarter with strong 10% top line growth, dragged down a bit by some very high legal expenses as we prepare for trial on a long-standing lawsuit that we are working through on the West Coast and by increased year-over-year bad debt expense, reflecting the far more uncertain environment we are operating in. Joe and I will get into the higher expenses in a minute, but first, let me go back and talk to you about leasing during the quarter and what we might see on the top line for the balance of the year. 85 deals done during their quarter comprising nearly 300,000 square feet at average rents of $30.65. Both of those leases were for comparable space. In other words, spaces for which there was a previous deal in place and were written at average cash basis rents of $29.29, 23% higher than the previous deal. When you drill down deeper into those numbers, you would see strong releasing spreads on new leases and renewals alike, as well as on anchor and small shop deals. The strongest results came from our Northern California properties. As an example, we did seven deals during the quarter comprising 34,000 square feet at Westgate Mall in San Jose. Our average rents of over $23 a foot, 45% more than the previous deal with no incremental capital. We did four small shop deals at Santana Row at average rents of nearly $80 a foot, 90% more than the previous deals while spending only about $160,000 to get that rent. And while Northern California was particularly strong, every major market that we did deals in during the quarter showed positively leasing spreads. This is a very special portfolio. Now Id certainly expect the leasing in this portfolio to continue to outperform as the year goes on, just not so sure that first quarter releasing spreads will be matched given the environment. The obvious impact at $4 per gallon gas prices, falling home values, rapidly rising food costs and job losses in many markets have consumer confidence and then on both the actual sales and the mindset of most retailers is irrefutable. The outback expansion plans have become the norm. Deals in progress that previously were locked have come undone and we are seeing more [inaudible]. The latest one from Linens 'n Things impact two deals that we have with them comprising about $1.8 million a year in rent. Both stores are Wisconsin Avs, one in the North Bethesda and the other in the District of Columbia and both are eminently releasable if we are locking up to get them the back. Neither unfortunately was in some respect, unfortunately was on Linens 'n Things initial closing with them. Conversely, we certainly don't expect leasing progress to stop either. I think the realty is that most retailers have entered into the downturn in a fairly strong financial position having just come off five or six solid years. And while many of the lower or negative sales growth per period most will be able to weather this market. It is the marginal operator, so the companies with weaker balance sheets that have been able to survive because of the strong market over the past five years, who may not be as lucky. Basically, when we say this economy is venting out those weaker retailers, theyre just not going to make it anyway. Its just forcing the issue sooner, which really when you think about it, brings us to the only two things that really matter at a time like this. The strength of the underlying real state location and a relative strength of the lease itself, as it relates to the landlord's rights versus tenant's rights. Not surprisingly, they go hand in hand. Normally, the stronger the location, the stronger the lease from the landlord's point of view. As you'd expect, we fight as hard or harder for critical lease provisions like recapture rights, opening and operating covenants and fixed rent start dates as we do for the rental rate. In tough economic times, I believe that overall the terms of our leases are a significant competitive advantage, which is why I would expect to report higher lease termination fees in the next year or two, which will allow us get the upside in our properties through releasing sooner than we would have otherwise. These termination fees are a regular recurring part of our business and they have averaged about $3.75 million annually at Federal over the last four years. We had about $1.4 million of lease termination fees included in the first quarter. Let me now move on to discuss the higher legal costs in the quarter and then I'll finish up my prepared remarks with an update on the acquisition environment. We have included detailed disclosures in our 10-Qs and 10-K since last fall about a lawsuit that we lost involving a contractual dispute over a parcel of land near Santana Row. That way we were in negotiation to our acquire way back in the year 2000. We never came to terms on the deal but the jury decided that a one-page Letter of Intent between the parties was a binding contract. We just completed last week the trial to determine damages on this lawsuit. The trial was in front of a judge rather than a jury and it may be months before he issues his ruling. We have no idea what damage level he will find as the range is a ridiculously wide $600,000 to $24 million. However, we would be very surprised if it was near the high end of this range. We will know when he rules later this year. At that time, we will assess the merits of appeal as we strongly disagree with the finding of liability in the first place. But anyway, we did spend about $800,000 preparing for trial in the first quarter which depressed our results $0.015 per share. In the second quarter, we will continue to show elevated legal expenses reflecting the trial, the cost of the trial itself. Now, before I turn it over to Joe, let me give you a brief update on our acquisition efforts. As you know, we develop a hit list of properties in three South Florida Counties, Broward, Palm Beach and Dade over the past couple of years for the purpose of expanding the primary markets in which we operate. But we haven't been able to free up the right properties at acceptable prices. As the economy has softened over the past several months, however, we seem to be making some strides. Believe me, we understand the impact of the housing and the credit issues in South Florida today. We are going in with our eyes wide open. It is giving us some opportunities. We currently have a well-located grocery Anchorage center in Boca Raton under contract, which assuming closing conditions are met as expected, should close in the second quarter. And we are also in negotiation on a second property in the region, which is also looking promising. No guarantees on either, but the purpose of my raising this is to confirm our commitment to entering the South Florida market and to signal what may be an increasing number of acquisition opportunities that are we are seeing throughout our markets, given the changed economic conditions. Don't be expecting significantly high cap rates, because as we've been saying the good stuff remains expensive. Its just maybe becoming more available. Thats it for my prepared remarks. As you can see, we are certainly happy to be running this type of high quality portfolio at a time like this and we feel good about being able to remain on track operationally for the rest of year. Let me now turn it over to Joe and then we will entertain your questions.
Joe Squeri - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thanks, Don. First of all, Id like to reiterate our feelings regarding the trust performance in the first quarter of 2008. In general, we are very pleased with our first quarter performance. We realized slightly more than 10% growth in top line revenue and close to 9% growth in property operating income. And we delivered strong performance on the FFO line in spite of recognizing nearly $1 million in additional legal expenses in the first quarter. It is important to stress this performance in light of the ongoing difficult economic circumstance, to highlight the strength of our leases real estate and management's execution of the business plan. While 2008 holds a tremendous amount of uncertainty, we remained committed to our business model, which has proven to be resilient, understandable and manageable even during uncertain time such as these. From a balance sheet perspective, our decision to issue equity in connection with our inclusion in the S&P MidCap 400 last December reinforced our financial condition, cleared up our revolver, strengthen our coverage ratios and most importantly positioned us to pursue investment opportunities like the Florida acquisitions Don just mentioned. We have no significant maturities coming due this year and given the slowly improving credit markets, we are encouraged about our ability to fund our growth prospects especially from an acquisition standpoint. There is no doubt that we are operating in a more challenging retail environment as reflected by our occupancy declines on both the year-over-year and sequential quarterly basis. Our occupancy for the quarter on a same-center basis declined to 95.3% from 96% in the fourth quarter and 96.5% in the prior year. And we anticipate that there will be pressure on these numbers throughout the course of the year. Nonetheless, our leases are solid with strong provisions that enable us to cover potential downtime through lease termination fees and, hopefully, release the space at higher rates. Importantly, through the first quarter of the year, we have seen our lease rollover results remain strong despite the environment, reflecting the quality and desirability of our real estate. In spite of our declines in occupancy, we were able to post strong same-center property operating income growth of 3.7%. On the redevelopment side, we are in the midst of taking delivery of our ninth phase development of Bethesda Row, Arlington East. We are scheduled for a grand opening of our retail operations in mid-June and expect to have our residential component delivered shortly thereafter. Despite the challenging environment, our guidance for 2008 FFO per diluted share remains unchanged at $3.89 to $3.94. These numbers do include additional legal expenses associated with that 350 Winchester lawsuit, but do not included any a one-time charges associated with potential damages. We anticipate that the earnings related to Arlington East will significantly ramp up throughout 2008. In addition, we have several committed anchor tenant rent commencements throughout the portfolio in the third and fourth quarter. Furthermore, we expect that any additional legal fees associated with the 350 Winchester case will be incurred in the second quarter. Consequently, while our annual guidance remains the same, we believe that to the extent you focus on quarterly earnings. We would suggest that you back into your models to account these expectations. Thanks very much. And with that I will turn it over to the operator and open the call up for questions. Operator? Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we like to begin the question-and-answer session of the conference. [Operator Instruction] Our first question comes from the line of Christy McElroy with Banc of America Securities. Please proceed.
Christine McElroy - Banc of America Securities: Hi, good afternoon guys.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Christy.
Christine McElroy - Banc of America Securities: Can you provide some color on the three projects that you added to you future redevelopment pipeline Barracks Road, and Lancaster and New Britain?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Again, early in stage, but as you know, we take our... we've been mining our existing properties for the last five years in a very aggressive way and some stuff we can't get to as early as we would like to. Lancaster is a great example, where we've got a food store that does a giant food store that does very well there would like additional space and we've been unable to basically accommodate them and now we are closer to be able to do that, close enough to be able to put that on the list. The same at Barracks Road, which is one of our best centers overall. We have been waiting for a particular box for the lease to expand. It was a regional operator where the lease is up and now we have got the ability to do some pretty cool stuff in that space so that's in the planning process. And the last one is Town Center, New Britain, which was an acquisition that we made I guess about 18 months ago or so something like that may be two years. And again, there is a giant food store there that is now ready to expand and we can accommodate them based on some lease expiration. So the [inaudible] plate, bread-and-butter stuff that I think do pretty well at.
Christine McElroy - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And then I know its still pretty early, but can you... do you have a sense for what projects in the future pipeline you're targeting for 2010 stabilizations, given that you probably have to start them at some point over the next year or so? And in an environment where development in leasing might be a little bit tougher, are you still targeting stabilizations of about $100 million a year or so?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Weve said its $75 million to $100 million a year and we've also said that that is going to be lumpy. With respect to the 2010 question, particularly that you're asking, it very well might some of the projects that I just talked to you about or that you just asked about, because those are the ones being generated by a grocer that I don't want to say that they are pre-leased, but basically the deal for the expanded grocer is the key part of the redevelopment. And then filling in the small shop space obviously becomes a whole lot easier when youve gotten expanded grocery just opening up. So I would suspect it would be those type of projects and I have to go back and look at probably one or two others also. Yes, look, I don't know... I know that, that $75 million to $100 million is a pretty good estimate to use over 10-year period of time. Whether specifically itll be there in 10 or 11 or there will be more in 9, Im not exactly sure yet, but for modeling purposes, I think [inaudible].
Christine McElroy - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And then just lastly, just still in development, what caused you to push out the expected stabilization of Hollywood Galaxy Building 2008 to 2009? And then you also pulled Hollywood Peterson Building from your future list, is that related and wasn't that it added last quarter?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we just missed Peterson, did we? Andy is shaking his head. I guess Peterson shouldnt have come out.
Christine McElroy - Banc of America Securities: Okay.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: And itll go back in next time. We just missed it basically on the list. With respect to Galaxy, its actually good news. We were able in redeveloping the Galaxy building to take a basement that we previously thought was unleasable and basically turn it leasable space. We are able to do a Tesco deal for half the space down below but the other half is not yet leased up. And so because there is new space there and in some respect, its actually enough projects. But that other space won't be up and operating until next year. And so yes, its pushed back but it's pushed back because we found more leasable space and more value to add.
Christine McElroy - Banc of America Securities: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lou Taylor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Louis Taylor - Deutsche Bank: Yes. Thanks. Yes, along the same line, in terms of the potential future pipeline, maybe, Don, if you give us a sense for what are the three... of that list, what are the three kind of closest to maybe starting and maybe some ballpark dollars?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. But let me make sure I'm getting that right. I mean certainly the thing that is actually starting this month is about a $40 million building at Santana Row. And thats offer over... office over retail. I guess that's actually on the list, you are asking about future.
Louis Taylor - Deutsche Bank: Yes.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: The future pipeline. And I guess I really have to reiterate a little bit about what I just said to Christy. It will probably be... it will be a potentially another stage of Santana Row, one of the residential buildings potentially in the back that we are looking at. We are getting closer on assembly in terms of the overall master plan that will be big and long and take a long time but there will be the key portion of that will get going in the next year, year-and-a-half or something like that. You will see, and I'm just looking down kind of doing this as I go. You'll see Westgate, which will jump up there sooner because of an expiring Ross [ph] deal, which we will be thinking about how to deal with that and that will be happening sooner. Those are the ones that I put there right now in addition to obviously some ones that are on the '09 list.
Louis Taylor - Deutsche Bank: Great. Okay. And the second question just pertains to kind of Santa Monica places as Macerichs moves along on the project, how do you really view that from a Third Street Promenade perspective in terms of where... something they can complement what you're doing or to compete with what you're doing or all of the above?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Lou, I can't wait. I mean if you asked our [inaudible] about that, that project he is very excited about where it is, because it has taken so long to get it done, to get it to the space that it is right now. I mean it really needs it. And when we first invested on Third Street, its funny. We have three blocks from Wilshire Boulevard all the way down to the Santa Monica place. When we looked at it, we thought that our properties would do better, the closer they were down to Santa Monica place and not as well the further up to Wilshire Boulevard. And the actual has  the opposite has actually happened over the last 10 years and those closer to Wilshire did the best and as it got closer down to the mall, not so well because the mall really wasn't offering a very attractive environment. I think what they're doing is fantastic there, I think it will absolutely complement what we and other landlords have done on Third Street. I think it is good for everybody there. I mean if you spend time in that mall before, I think you would agree with me.
Louis Taylor - Deutsche Bank: No, I dont could have gotten much worse. Okay, thank you.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly from Wachovia. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: Hi. Good afternoon guys. Don, just one other question on your redevelopment pipeline? There are sort of several small million-dollar increases to many of the projects and I know that seem like small dollars, but on some of those projects it seems to be a big bump up. What's driving that? Is it material costs or the change of scope?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think you see a combination of both of those things that you are talking about. The biggest thing that you see on those small projects like that are normally that from a merchandising perspective, we normally... that we underwrite, we don't put very much, if any, tenant allowance in and the actual deal often has more tenant allowance in terms of doing the deal and more rent. So I think if you look, you will see many of these things, which go up, so but they don't change the yield because we are getting paid for it on those particular deals. That's a reason. Certainly higher material costs, we've had minor overruns on... several small projects, but nothing systemic. What I mean, Jeff, I think primarily when you look at it, the overall value creation that we expect to make on those projects is very much intact.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: That's helpful thank you. And switching gears, I mean there seems to be a lot of capital out there that I guess anticipating to stress out there in the real estate industry. I mean we can debate whether or not it's materialized. Is there a point where you guys might explore setting up a JV or maybe to the more opportunistic approach in acquiring core shopping centers or perhaps even a product that might allow you to target I guess I would say properties that you might not normally consider but they are higher return prospects?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, its possible Jeff as you say it. I mean look, what... in our company it is the real estate that drives how we structure the deal and not by person. So and I'm sure there will be a question on acquisition somewhere in your coming. Jeff will give his point of view on where the markets are etcetera. But basically, when we find product in our markets, markets that we want to get and that we can figure out way to make it available, believe me, we look at all structures possible to make that happen. And that was the original reason for getting the Clarion venture done a couple of years back. We still have a great relationship with them and those conversations are ongoing as they are with other people. But we really do look at it as the real estate driving the decision on how to finance and how to structure a deal and not the opposite way around. I don't know if that is helpful or not. So as we see stuff and we are seeing more stuff, there is no doubt about it, that's available. Trying to figure out how to make that create the most value absolutely would include using other people's money as part and parcel of that.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: That was actually my next question and maybe I can make it a team question, perhaps part for... maybe for Andy and part for Jeff. I was curious where do you guys see financing markets today and then may be you could relate that to where the acquisition market and pricing is today?
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: You want me to take that, Don?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, go ahead and start and then, Andy or Joe please feel free to stumble in.
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: I mean clearly, I won't touch the unsecured market. Ill leave that for Andy and Jeff. But on the secured side, there is no CMBS market. And what thats doing to pricing on assets is if youve got a property that's not a great property for whatever reason, poor tenant sales, poor location, secondary market, there is really no doubt to put on that property today. And pricing for that property has dropped significantly. But if youve got a property that can be financed by a life company, you still see pretty aggressive overall interest rates for the life companies and there is life company money or balance sheet lender money out there to do those deals so you see aggressive pricing. And in the markets where we do business, the coastal markets and the locations within those coastal markets that are better locations, pricing is still incredibly strong and whether it's 100% equity purchase or equity plus a balance sheet lender, there is plenty of money to buy good shopping centers today. What we've seen over the last quarter or so is maybe a couple of more data points. The market does seem to be loosening up more things, seem to be coming to market and again for the type of stuff that we look for and go after with strong tenant sales, barriers to entry in the trade area and ability to move NOI, real aggressive pricing. In DC market over the last quarter, we've seen a grocery anchored neighborhood center traded at sub five cap. We've seen another grocery anchored center go through a fall marketing multiple bid pricing process and not trade... the reason it didnt trade was bidders push the cap rate all the way down to kind of 54, 55 level and the seller wanted a five. But 54, 55 is very, very aggressive pricing particularly for those assets. South Florida we're watching in assets in our marketing process right now similar to the two that I just mentioned in DC. Very well located in neighborhood center, very strong grocer sales and it's going to trade at a sub six cap and a probably a low to mid seven's IRR. And we are seeing similar type things out in California and a significant amount of money chasing those kinds of deals today. So there is no shortage of capital, either debt or equity for well located performing retail real estate
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: And just to touch on the capital markets. You obviously know we have our revolver that's clear. I'll touch on the bank market, I think that, that is from a regional bank standpoint, we would classify that as available. The larger banks have pretty much had stopped lending for the time being and now... from regional banks. People in our syndicate from conversations we are having is that we can get funded term loans done at prices that we find acceptable. And on the unsecured market, I'll let Andy comment on that, but we think there is a window that's opened up that we could access that is accessory.4.?
Joe Squeri - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes. Jeff from touching on his comments, I mean on the term loan side, I mean obviously pricing has widened out since we executed our term loan in November. And on the unsecured side I think what you're seeing is, I'm not saying that the strong has passed, but conditions are certainly improving. Obviously, there has been some real issuance in the last several weeks, which is a positive sign. The credit curve across maturity is very. very flat and you're looking at all-in rate ands probably... the 6% to 7% depending on maturity that you pick.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: And just one last question, Ill yield the before is that. Joe, can you remind me again where you see your same-store NOI growth for full-year 2008 and maybe how you... how you see it on a quarterly basis as we progress the year?
Joe Squeri - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: In the way they were modeling forecasting, we think it will be consistent where we were between 3% or 4%.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Morgan with FBR. Please proceed.
Paul Morgan - FBR Capital Markets: Hi, good afternoon. On the lease term fees, you said based on the strength of your leases, you expect that to be kind of incremental positive. Do you see this $1.4 million as being kind of a run rate and that number being, the full-year number being materially above what you saw in '07?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's hard to say, obviously. But I guess I do. I guess I see it, I don't know, Joe, in terms of run rate, but I don't think there is anything operational about the 1. 4 at a time like this and then I think a time like this frankly continues into '09. So we expect that number to be elevated.
Paul Morgan - FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Maybe you could talk a little bit about the categories of how retail leasing right now, in particular... what's going on with the Federal lot this earning season from your peers about fall out in the restaurant space kind of to be added to what we already saw in the homes and the videos at sites. So could you just talk about the exposure in your portfolio, what you're seeing right now in terms of renewals and leasing for those categories?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. And think about it Chris, because Im just looking over our head of leasing is here today, I asked him to stop into this meeting, so maybe you can add more to what I'm about say. But there... let's talk about a couple of things. I look hard at our restaurant sales. Restaurants in total make-up about... what do they make up about, 8% of our GLA throughout the portfolio. And when you looking at where that is, its very heavily weighted towards things like Santana Row, which obviously has a huge restaurant component, Bethesda Row, which have a large restaurant component. Both of those are as of I have seen now April sales, Everything through April and talk to a number of those operators. They are stunned, certainly a bit by higher food costs very recently without question. But the top line numbers are still very strong, and in fact surprisingly so. I would have thought they would have backed up a little bit throughout the portfolio more than they have. So well see what happens. I think its on the margin level as you go forward and see what happens with the sustainability of food costs and things like that and food cost increases in the restaurant business. But look, I don't want to just say location is everything, the location is pretty darn important. And when you are doing a... when you got a project like Santana or a project like Bethesda, these are the places where people do come to be entertained and those numbers that have held up pretty strong. See where that goes. I also don't think as you look across the portfolio that I'm able to really say this category or that category is particularly weak over and above the obvious things related to housing. But I do think it... I do think it comes down to more of the strength of the operator, and we've always talked about the number 1 and the number 2 operators in a particular sector versus the number 2, 3 and 4. And I mean Linens is a pretty good example of what you are seeing. Borders is a pretty good example of what you are seeing, Circuit City is a pretty good example and when you compare those to the relative Bed Bath & Beyond competitor or Barnes & Noble competitor or Best Buy competitor, tough. I don't... and I see that throughout industries and throughout the portfolio. I don't see necessarily small shops doing disproportionately worse than regional, for example, or even than smaller nationals. The small shop tenants, in some cases, these are family-owned businesses that obviously if they are not well capitalized, they have got an issue there. If they are not good operators, they've got an issue, just like in any business. But they also have... they are also based very heavily on the service that they provide to customers and they are family-owned. They are punching in at 9 and out at 6.30 or whatever they are doing. They are doing what they need to do to get through this period of time. So I have got no general macro comments as it relates to that. It really does come down to the individual operators at a time like this. Anything else, Chris, on that?
Chris Weilminster - Senior Vice President, Leasing: Yes. No, Don. I think you did a great job summarizing what we are seeing consistently and I think your last point is the important one. I think its all about the capital [inaudible] where you tend to see the franchisees and the [inaudible]. Ones that we are seeing struggling and the ones that are a little bit as capitalized and don't have as much money to rely upon to be successful. And Don hit the point on all the nationals. I mean I think it's in all the papers, the ones that are struggling for the reasons Don mentioned. So we are not seeing anything different than probably our competitors have already mentioned in their calls and we stand very focused on proactively releasing space, who are proactively figuring we are going to back to release and do the best that we can do to mitigate the downtime on this.
Paul Morgan - FBR Capital Markets: So, I need just to clarify, on the restaurant side, youre just not saying are not seeing that much power in your portfolio right now?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, not at this point, not at this point.
Paul Morgan - FBR Capital Markets: Okay. My last question just in terms of Arlington East, what should we think of in terms of the lease up of the residential and the timing over the course of this year?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: First thing you got do, Paul, is get down here and lease a unit, because you are going fast. We are really proud of this project and if you do honestly anybody, anybody who is visiting the Washington area, if you do, if you can't get to Bethesda, we've just opened up the project a week ago basically and we have the first four or five now retail tenants open on the street. It is completely leased at the street level from a retail perspective. Those will all be opened up by the end through this year as they move down in fact before the end of the year. On the residential side, there is 180 units, we basically have 70 of them done already at this point, which is just very encouraging in a very tough market. Whether that pace continues, and I do think that there is pent-up demand for those units, that's jumped in. Whether that pace continues or not, that's a million-dollar question in terms of... in terms of the lease up of the remaining 110 units there. We're expecting or hopeful to see something along the way of 15 to 20 units a month and roll it out from there. So far we've been able to get the rents that we perform at and everything is solid in that. I'll report back in three months and then three months after that.
Paul Morgan - FBR Capital Markets: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt from Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch: Yes, just curious about the acquisitions in Florida. If there were something in the Boca Raton project or asset that you saw some immediate opportunity. And I guess bigger picture, I mean your resolve to get into the Florida market seems doubly strong given the troubles that are there right now. Maybe you could reiterate what you're finding attractive or what you see that will be a good fit for Federal?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, let me make the first comment and Jeff who has been spending an awful lot of time on market research there and making sure that were doing the right thing can add to it. But your first part of your question is going to be answered the way I answer, any thing else that we look at buying, absolutely, we see in the particular asset that we're looking at the opportunity to both on a shop space basis maybe able to ramp up the leasing using our network, and also on anchorage side, nothing immediate but from a long-term perspective, the ability to turn the asset into much better product. That's what I would say whether we were looking at this particular asset that time I'm talking about in Florida or that particular asset in Washington, DC or Northern California or wherever. That is what we try to do. And the reason that we are in Florida is because we really do see an awful lot of similarities in terms of the ability to exploit our core competencies, and that is leasing and redevelopment there in a similar manner that we do in the markets. Let me... Jeff, give the overall the reason we picked these particular counties to be strong about in our beliefs.
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: Craig, like Don said, we are looking real hard in Miami-Dade, Palm Beach and Broward counties and we think that part of Florida, called South Florida, shares a lot of the same characteristics as our other target markets. Over the years those have become very densely populated, built out in a lot of cases. There is obvious geographic constraints to those markets, which help create that sort of in-fill nature and when you look at population and job growth over the long-term, all very strong down in South Florida and when you look at retail rent growth over five and ten-year periods, its equally strong. And there are obviously some short-term concerns we think with South Florida, and we take those into account when we go out and target individual assets and then when we underwrite and price those assets, but long-term we think it's a market where there is going to be barriers to entry, cap on ridiculous amounts of new supply and a lot of upward pressure on rents and that's why we want to be down there.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Just let me add one thing to that, Craig, unlike every single market we are in, there are all kinds of product types within that market. And so this has to be a real estate's local discussion. It depends on the particular assets that we're buying and we are... just like in Philadelphia or in Boston or even in Washington, while there are macro conditions that you have to talk about and consider, it really does come down to the micro opportunities at the particular assets, and that's what we are looking hard for just like we do here.
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: Yes. It's a real kind of property-by-property, trade area-by-area analysis, Craig.
Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch: I guess, when I think of the market, I see a lot of bifurcation in the mall market, meaning there are some fantastic malls and then there are some below average malls. In the strip space, and maybe this place to your favor, I really haven't seen that sort of spread. I see a more generic product out there, meaning a lot of public [inaudible] dominance, but then those kind of shops lead beefed up to it rarely exploiting the theme or a certain strength at rather just sort generically filling in the space. And Im just wondering maybe the older markets like some other ones here in DC and so forth, they have more time and maybe the strong have gone stronger and in that example, youre trying to get your leg in there.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'm not exactly sure what question you are asking but...
Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch: I guess what Im saying is when I think of let's say, the Washington DC's market, I can see in... I guess what I'm saying is there is a real spread in terms of the best malls and the less best malls and there is also that have the same spread in the strip center property, meaning there are some really fantastic strip centers and there are just some malls around. I don't recall and I wouldn't place myself as any expert at all, but just in my travels in Southern Florida, I rarely see the really outstanding community centers. And I dont know if that we just think there is an opportunity or that plays no part...
Joe Squeri - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: That's part of what we're seeing as an opportunity and a point I probably should have made when I was talking earlier is one of the things that's happening in South Florida is there are lot of nationally strong regional tenants that maybe up until a few months ago were making a big push. But we still see making a push into South Florida and again with our leasing strengths which we've demonstrated in DC and other target markets, we think we're going to have the ability to help those tenants find space in those markets in the centers so buy and upgrade small shop and junior anchor tenancy and we definitely see that as an opportunity.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Let me say to you, Craig, because I completely agree with your observation. We've all had exactly the same observation, not the sound to whatever, but I think that was a very similar situation in Washington 25 years ago and 30 years ago. And you need a company that goes in and does differentiate that and the way you start that is with the right locations and with the right kind of tenants that would give it a shot in those locations and that's why we are being really picky about. I mean if you look at it, it is a very fragmented strip center ownership market down there. And it's very hard for an individual or even a big company that has a lot of generic property to move the bar up, if you will, in specific locations. But we don't take this overall approach of large portfolio and trying to do that over an entire portfolio, we are not trying to do 15 of the same check-cashing machine guys and that kind of stuff all the way through the portfolio. We want to pick the right real estate in one of those shopping centers that looks like all the rest of them and turn it into what we think we can do and what we have done in another markets. So and it's a little arrogant in terms of our approach, but that's what we think we do.
Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch: Great. That's just what I was talk about. Thanks.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Our next question comes from the line of David Fick with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Good afternoon.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Dave.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: The Boca and the other acquisition that you say you have teed up your, is this intended to go into a fund or on balance sheet?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: They would both... if we get them done, they both will be on balance sheet. But again there are not closed yet, it was... really the whole purpose I mean we bring it up will simply just signal or loosening up, if you will, a product on the area. So it's not these particular ones, itll be other ones.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. When you say you haven't seen a change or uptick in cap rates, can you sort of give some points of reference that you are talking about, the South Florida Centers are traded in the low fives last year, because we are hearing those are up to... sort the six level or you just... what used to be a six is still a six?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead, Jeff.
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: I think generally speaking, Dave, we saw in a lot of markets whether it's South Florida, DC or certain of the California markets assets over the last year or so traded between five-cap fair, 5.25 cap and 5.50 cap, I think those cap rates are very difficult that's not possible to replicate today. But the kind of mid five to six cap is where we are seeing high-quality retail real estate trade today. May be certain assets drift above the six for a certain reason.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Be specific, I'm sorry to interrupt you, but we are not seeing any of those trades at this point and I think that --?
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: Well, you know what, I'm talking about deals that are in the pricing process right now and they haven't closed yet. So that might be the disconnect.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. All right, thats a good point. Your legal fees increase, was that in your original guidance or not?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: It was not specifically in our original guidance, no... and you're talking about the fees as to put on this trial and to get... we didn't have a trial date set. So we didnt exactly know when these were going to hit up. So now, it really was, but both... we'll cover it in our guidance. We have not changed our guidance.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Can you comment on pre-leasing at the same center office development?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: No such things. No such things. In that marketplace, the hard decision we had to make was do we get... do we go under construction without preleasing on the office side, you just can't do it in that market until there is a building and people really believe that there is going to be to product there. That followed of course a year on the office side, with the right office extra representation and are feeling pretty darn confident obviously that we'll get it done. I don't think you will see that done for nine months or so to a year. But again we are looking for a late '09 stabilization there.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Even though if people will be able to see another construction, you're not going to be able to lease your thing.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's where the process starts to take done.
Joe Squeri - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes, Silicon Valley is another pre-lease market, Dave. Once steel is up, that's when most developers start marketing their buildings and that's what we will be doing.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: What is your average pro forma rent there?
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: $50.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Philip Martin with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed.
Philip Martin - Cantor Fitzgerald: Good afternoon and thank you for the time. My question is really on just leasing activity, I'm hoping I can get a break down comparing Federal's more mature material portfolio versus the assets acquired over the last four to six years in terms of... again leasing activity such as tenant retention, leasing spreads, interest, et cetera.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Philip, did you asked this question a couple of quarters? Somebody asked this question a couple of quarters--.
Philip Martin - Cantor Fitzgerald: I think it was... I asked it a couple of quarters ago and I guess my interest now is, now that we are, we are within or in for a period of sustained economic weakness, if you have seen any difference there?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Oh, gosh. I can tell you without specifically looking at the answer, that the answer is no.
Philip Martin - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'll tell you exactly why? I thought your question a couple of quarters ago was that, what you were basically implying was, well, how about the new stuff that we bought three four years, is that as good a product as you have had in this portfolio for a long time, it was a great question. And so we went back and I think we went through every acquisition that we made from 2002 forward and we compared the leasing statistics from that time forward with our overall portfolio and in fact I think at that time, we got very comfortable and I think we conveyed the message to you that those properties that we just bought actually had more value created, more opportunity within them than even the existing portfolio. Two quarters, later the data would show exactly the same thing. There is just not enough of activity that would show any difference.
Philip Martin - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: However, what we know as real estate people is the particular is that those assets in the locations that we bought, if they have been performing really well for that period from '03 when we bought them till to today, they will certainly perform as well or better on a relative basis with everything else in and around the market. There's no reason to believe that those properties would under perform the market. So I think if the same answer as we gave you last time.
Philip Martin - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay. And my reason for asking it again here was just the difference between the economic environment. But at this point, there is no change, no differentiation. This might in fact it might be a little bit better on the new
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's right.
Philip Martin - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay. All right. Thanks again.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Jay Habermann with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Jay Habermann - Goldman, Sachs & Co.: Hey, good afternoon here with Tom as well. Just a question on the guidance. And I know you mentioned 3% or 4% same-store NOI growth, but can you just remind us of how much downside and occupancy you are anticipating to stay within your guidance range?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I mean we talked about this [inaudible]. I mean you should expect occupancy to stay pretty close. It may be 20 basis points, 30 basis points lower or 20 or 30 basis points higher frankly, depending upon what we've got going. But we know we've got a bunch of anchors that are coming on later on the year. And there will be some unexpected things that go away later on in the year. So, I wouldn't expect much of a change to what you have.
Jay Habermann - Goldman, Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then just another question, on the Florida assets, the dollar volume of what you're looking at this point, can you quantify that?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'd rather not... I'd rather not. The average shopping center size these days is probably $35 million to $50 million number for something in the 150,000 square foot to 175,000 square foot range in the markets that we are looking at. And whether we get one done or two done or five done is going to really depend upon the acquisition process. So I wish I can give you more guidance on there. I hate giving acquisition guidance in terms of volumes at this company, because as you know its not something that we target. None of our people are paid based on volume. And so I'd really rather... I really rather leave it there.
Jay Habermann - Goldman, Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then lastly in terms of asset sales, anything you're marketing at the present?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we've got assets that we continually look at on the kind of the recycling machine, if you will, to look out, see where our growth is, see what's going on. But we don't have anything thats teed up right now.
Jay Habermann - Goldman, Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Yes. Hi, guys. Just a quickie, Don. You opened the can of worms, so I'm just going to keep on it for a second.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Rich, [inaudible] pose your question.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Exactly, the Florida stuff that you're looking, I mean there is of all kinds of stuff out there right now. There is the thought that there is going to be distress type things, there is value-add type things, there is core stuff. Where are you guys seeing the opportunities? Is this the stuff you are looking and maybe the other stuff you are thinking about, is that going to fall into this some things distressed then it's got value-added opportunities or is it more core for now and over time you do things, how do you look at the quality of what you are getting immediately?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's a very fair question. I will tell you that getting into a new market clearly we are taking a less risky approach to things. So you should be very surprised if in the next six months we announce the giants distressed, mixed-use project that we are going to turn around in South Florida. We're not going to do that. You're going to see more of our down the middle of the plate stuff, whatever, whichever particular assets that is with modest ability to create value, or not modest, but not homerun, lets call them basics that we are looking for, until we spend some time in that market and really have done ourselves. So, you are right, its injustice from a leasing perspective et cetera. And then going forward, I would expect you to see us having the same kind of game plan in Florida as we do in our other markets. But initially, that's what Id tell you.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, very good. That's wonderful. Thank you. And the last thing is it doesn't appear at the moment that you guys need any immediate capital for refinancings. Is there anything you are actively you having to go out and seek at this point in terms of refinancings?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, not at this time. No.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with a J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan: Hi. Going back to Florida one more time.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan: Sorry about that. But if pricing hasn't really changed, I mean what has changed to the point where you feel more comfortable that we could see more money being put to work today say versus six months ago?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Jeff, you will answer, but Id tell you the one-word answer is mindset. The mindset of sellers has changed. It has always been about with us and you can substitute the word Florida, you really can for any other major markets that we are in. We simply have lists of assets, a hit list, if you will, of assets that we would like to own. We work as best as we can with the sellers, for their sellers, with the owners of those assets as best as we can to develop a relationship so that over periods of time when we are able to convince them that this is a good time to sell to us that they do when they talk to us and hopefully they talk to us only. Yeah, that doesnt always happen but that's what we aim for. This all you need to do is live in a market where you are seeing some economic distress and you are seeing, you are feeling, you hearing about your friends, you are seeing what's going on in the credit markets, it changes your mindset in change terms of your willingness to sell. That's the difference that you are saying much more or so in the stuff we are looking at in pricing. I don't know, Jeff, is there anything else to say on that?
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: I think the mindset is an accurate way to put it. Some of it quite frankly is seasonal too. You don't see people bring a lot of property to market generally speaking in the fourth quarter of the year, because they want to finish up what they have on their plate and stuff starts to come to the market after the first of the year. And maybe that's part of what we are saying. But we are seeing more property on the market right now and the investment sales brokers, I and the rest of my team talk to on a regular basis seem to be handling more RFPs these days. And part of thats mindset, part of its the time of the year and I think part of it too is some of these transactions that are going to prove out at that for good property, there is plenty of capital so there is not a reason not to bring it to market and maybe six months ago when everything was beginning to melt down, bringing something to market didnt make a lot of sense. I think now that again for the quality of property that the markets prove to be pretty liquid and very aggressive on pricing, people that may be held back six months ago are thinking about coming to market today.
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Chris Lucas with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird: Good afternoon, guys.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Chris.
Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird: Just a quick question, Don, you've talked a lot about the opportunities you are seeing in terms of the opening up for the core, the wholly-owned portfolio. Do you see the same opportunities for the JV going forward?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't know how to answer this, Chris, different than I've answered before. I guess the short answer is probably yes. But it is yes, driven by the particular real estate that we are looking at and finding a way to get that real state out of the hands of the existing owner and into our hands and add a return that makes sense to us. And if there is more property on the market then there may be the chance to do a few more deals than there is very much the chance that will done with partners, in addition, good for our own balance sheet depending upon the characteristics of that piece of real estate.
Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird: Can you remind us a little bit about what kind of capacity that the JV has under its current format?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, where are we, Jeff?
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: I think we, roughly speaking, have $200 million invested and it was intended to be at $350 million JV, but that's... it's a deal by deal and kind of at the time decision for both us and for our partner ING Clarion. It's not like there is $150 million sitting in account somewhere that we just tap when we need it. It depends on the deal and depends on what's going on at the time.
Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird: And can you remind us sort of the differentiation between sort of what kind of product would go in there versus what you would look the wholly... on a wholly owned basis?
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: Yeah, the product that was intended to go into the joint venture is core, return profile product property with prototypical grocer, stabilized occupancy and little need for capital going forward. And what we buy for our own account is more of a core plus to value-add property, which has probably a need for capital, maybe a redevelopment or remerchandising play and expansion play. So a higher-return, slightly more risky asset, but an asset that we are comfortable buying and have been comfortable leasing or redeveloping, expanding just like we have the rest of our core portfolio for a very long time.
Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird: So, in terms of just the product that you're seeing that's sort of come on... that's being maybe more available today is that can you talk a little bit may be about the difference in terms of the change, in terms of the availability between sort of the value-add type stuff that you'd be looking for in the core portfolio versus the sort of core assets that you would look at for the JV?
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: Rephrase the question for me, if you will. I want to make sure Im
Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird: Yes, I guess I'm just trying to understand... if you, when you talk a little bit about more product maybe being available right now--?
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: Right.
Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird: If you could give us a sense as to the characteristic between core--?
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: Are you asking these are more core product or more core plus value add?
Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird: Correct. Right.
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: That's real hard to say. It's again in the markets that we are in, which are, in our view, the best markets in the United States in which to invest and the type of our real estate we own and the locations within those markets that we look at, which have all the characteristics that we continuously talk about, barriers to entry, heavy population densities, above average incomes, and effectively a shortage of space. It's never really a huge distress or huge opportunistic at the property level type property. It generally falls to within the core to core plus to value-add, and telling you whether there has been a change in the mix within those three categories that have come to market is very difficult, because it's a very kind of lumpy analysis, if you will.
Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A session for this call. I would now like to turn the call back over to Andrew Blocher for closing remarks.
Andrew Blocher - Senior Vice President, Capital Markets and Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you everybody for joining us and we will talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. And this concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-13 15:45:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Blocher - Sr. VP, Capital Markets and IR Donald Wood - President and CEO Joe Squeri - EVP, CFO and Treasurer Jeff Berkes - EVP, Chief Investment Officer Chris Weilminster - Sr. VP, Leasing Larry Finger - Sr. VP, CFO & Treasurer
Analysts: Christine McElroy - Bank of America Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch Mark Biffert - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jeffrey Spector - UBS Securities Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan Philip Martin - Cantor Fitzgerald Christeen Kim - Deutsche Bank Paul Morgan - FBR Capital Markets Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Year-end 2007 Federal Realty Investment Trust Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer session of the call. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce the conference leader Mr. Andrew Blocher. Sir, you may now begin.
Andrew Blocher - Senior Vice President, Capital Markets and Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning everybody. I want to thank the analyst, investors and all the employees who are joining us today for our fourth-quarter and year-end 2007 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today are Don Wood our CEO, Joe Squeri our Chief Financial Officer and Jeff Berkes our Chief Investment Officer. These and other members of our management team including Larry are available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As you are aware, Larry is retiring from the Trust. I will be remiss if I didn't thank him for being a friend and a mentor to me over the last six years. I am a significantly bigger man as a result of knowing him. Our year-end 2007 supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to the Trusts operating and financial performance. The supplement is currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed in this call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although Federal Realty believe the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions. Federal Realty's future operations and its actual performance may differ materially from the information contained in our forward-looking statements. We can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained. Risks inherent in these assumptions include but are not limited to future economic conditions including interest rates, real estate conditions and risk and cost of construction. The earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our other financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. Ill now turn the call over to Don, to begin our discussion of fourth quarter and year-end results.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks a lot Andy, and good morning all. Thanks very much for being on the call today. And despite the market and stock price performance that couldn't possibly be called stable and consistent over the past several months, I'm happy to report that our operating results are: 2007 was a record year in many respects for Federal. Revenues rose 13% to a record $485 million. FFO rose 8.4% to a record $3.63 per share. Dividends were increased for the 40th consecutive year to a record $2.44 a share. New leases were written at 20% higher rents than the previous lease, and that's 22% more by the way in the fourth quarter alone. And we were able to reduce our leverage at the end of the year, in a very uncertain market to our lowest level in years, so today, we're roughly 28% of the total capital on a market value basis. I'm going to talk about the current retail environment in a bit, and what we see happening out there over the next 12 months. But first, I'd like to spend a few minutes looking back on 2007. There were really five basic categories of concentration that produced both great results in 2007, but just as importantly, set us up well for '08, '09 and beyond. Number one is 2007 leasing activity. It was really stellar. The second is acquisitions and dispositions, including a couple of very creative deals. Thirdly, lots of redevelopment that started to produce in 2007 with more on top for '08. Fourth, creative capital structuring that has dramatically strengthened our balance sheet. And five, some organizational refinements that highlighted strong asset management and faster decision-making. I'm going to address the first three in my remarks and then turn it over to our new CFO, Joe Squeri, to handle the last two. Let's start with leasing, 353 deals for 1.7 million square-feet of space with more deals in square footage done in the fourth quarter than in earlier quarters. Most of those leases were for comparable space, in other words spaces for which was a previous deal in place. And were written at average cash basis at rents of over $24... $24.21 to be exact, which is 20% higher than the previous deal. That's a huge leasing year for us, and it was bolstered by such deals in cooling an extension of a Lord and Taylor lease at Bala-Cynwyd for a couple of years, while we worked through the redevelopment of that center and a similar situation with an extension of Ross Dress For Less at Westgate Mall as we planned for that future redevelopment. But even without those two big rent bumps, straight old fashion renewals throughout the portfolio all year long at sizable bumps really tell you a ton about the breadth of the portfolio. Consider this. Of the 312 comparable deals done in 2007, 200 of them, nearly two thirds were for renewals of existing tenants, rather than for new tenants. Renewal rents excluding the aforementioned Ross and Lord and Taylor deals were 14% higher on a cash basis than they were previously paying with de minimis levels of capital required in all of those deals. Nothing speaks to the quality of Federal's properties or with incremental earnings power, like that statistics. Next, with the selective acquisitions and dispositions. The large White Marsh purchase, which closed in the first quarter has already begun to create incremental value. If you remember, we viewed this primarily as a releasing and re-merchandising play, because of what we felt... were significantly undermarket in place leases throughout the project. In the last 9 months, we've done six new or renewals comprising 33,000 feet at White Marsh with average rents of nearly $35 a foot, 21% higher than the previous rent. Then, came the Shoppers' World acquisition in Charlottesville, Virginia. We bought this well given its location and re-leasing opportunities at a low 7s cap rate and then used it in a reverse 1031 exchange to shelter a large tax gain on the sale of two street retail buildings in Queens that we sold at a low 5 cap. In the fourth quarter we bought the land under Mid-Pike shopping center in Rockville and Huntington shopping center on Long Island in exchange for leasehold improvements on six slow growing New Jersey properties plus in cash in a very important deal for us. The Levin transaction, as we call it was all about redeploying our capital and our resources to places that have the opportunity to create the most value. The short-term impact of that transaction will cost us couple of cents per share in 2008 but it will free up so much more value in the future, particularly at Mid-Pike where we are in the initial planning stages of a significant redevelopment. You can see by the nature of acquisitions and sales, that I have discussed, that are asset redeployment and deployment program here is quite a bit different than our peers, we're not a volume shop with particular dollar or other volume related target as part of our plan, we just don't do that, nor do we usually make large portfolio of acquisitions, which by definition includes some good properties, some average properties and some dods [ph] we'd rather hand select acquisitions on a one off or two off basis, knowing that our competitive advantage might lie more in deal structuring that tries to soft sellers issues as opposed to paying the highest price and doing as many deals as possible. It's only our above average internal growth that lets us take that approach. Finally, let's talk about redevelopment, more than 25% of Federal's growth in 2007 came from contributions of redeveloped properties, properties like Rockville Town Square, Mercer Mall, Willow Lawn, the Village at Shirlington and Loehmann's Plaza were all delivered at various points during 2007 and will be full year contributors in 2008. Then, in the next couple of months, we will be delivering on our next phase at Bethesda Row known internally as [inaudible]. This is a new $79 million building comprised of 180 luxury apartments on top of 43,000 square feet of terrific street retail, the retail is fully leased as we sit here today and weve opened our residential leasing office and begun taking reservations, initial interest has been very strong. We also intend to begin construction this summer on our latest space of Santana Row four stories of Class A office over 15,000 feet of ground floor retail front end center at the project at the corner of Stevens Creek in Santana Row in San Jose, California. We are really excited about this iconic addition to the project given a very strong office market out there and it's extremely unique location. We expect to put about $42 million to $45 million to work over the next 20 months and earn an estimated 9% to 9.5% cash and cash return on the project beginning in late 09 or early 2010. But I think you can see that from a leasing, acquisitions and development perspectives our balanced approach to the business surely seems to be working. In terms of what actually plays out in 2008, we are keeping a very close eye on retailers health as well as the health of sellers at shopping centers out there. There is just no doubt that consumers have cut back on spending at least for the time being and the higher cost of financing if it's available at all will slow down retailers appetite to expand. You've already seen a number of retailers Starbucks, Ann Taylors, Chico's, and others who cut back on planned store opens. As a result, 2008 is simply going to be harder year to predict than the past. But having said that, I continue to believe that we are in a significantly better relative position to handle whatever happens in our peers. Let me remind you of the eight basic reasons that I strongly believe that; first, our locations have the best supply and demand characteristics from a leasing perspective. Secondly, no tenant accounts for more than 2.5% of our revenue base. Third, percentage rent comprises less than 2% of our rental screen. Fourth we are not dependent on acquisitions to grow in the near term. Fifth our debt maturities are well laddered with no significant debt in 2008 and $300 million of capacity on our unsecured line. Sixth, we carry very low leverage. Seventh, our development pipeline is very manageable at certain to size and risk profile. And eighth, our overall in-place leases are still significantly under market, you get the idea. And its all right [ph] despite the uncertainty on the economic horizon we are not changing 2008 guidance. Before I turn it over to Joe, I too.... I want to say take a minute and publicly thank Larry Finger for his enumerable contributions to Federal Realty over these past six years, but most importantly, for his guidance and his personal friendship. He has been a mentor, he is in a sounding board and a critical part of this organization. We're going to miss him a lot. Larry, thank you. And now I'd like to turn it over to our new CFO, Joe Squeri.
Joe Squeri - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thanks Don. And first of all I'd like to echo Don's comments with respect to Larry. The time and effort he's invested with me as I transitioned to the CFO position has been invaluable. It's been a pleasure to work with and I wish him the best as he transitions to the next chapter in his life. Let me add a little more color to two of the points Don has addressed today. The first being certain capital market transactions and their impact on our already solid financial position. There were three mean events that really solidified our balance sheet in 2007. First, the closing of the $200 million term loan in the fourth quarter at very attractive rates, LIBOR plus 57.5; two, the completion of an approximately $162 million-equity issuance in connection with our inclusion into the S&P MidCap 400 Index. And three, the closing of the aforementioned Levin transaction. The term loan closing and the equity issuance in the fourth quarter effectively allowed us not to only address our short-term refinancing obligations but enabled us to completely pay off our $300 million facility. These transactions enhance the trust's short-term capacity to address both our operational needs and provide with flexibility as we pursue acquisition opportunities. Levin transaction also contributed to our strong financial position by eliminating onerous capital lease obligations and improving our coverage ratios as well. These transactions position us well for the uncertain environment in which we are all currently operating, while we are not immune from these events, and the events unfolding in the capital environment, we are positioned better than most and our business plan is specifically designed not to be overly reliant in any one year on the capital markets or development pipeline. Nonetheless, it is an important element of our strategy and we will be opportunistic with respect to our capital raising activities. The second topic relates to operational improvements. During 2006 Don and Larry recognized the need to further enhance the overall financial and operating oversight of the Trust portfolio. The organization restructured and staffed in 2007 and 2008 will represent the first full year of the group. The rollout of this organization could not be more timely. It's a critical core function of our company that effectively helps us manage the operations of our centers, and by extension the financial performance of the trust. Our goals for asset management are clear. One, drive financial performance. Two, identify value-creating opportunities. And three, partner with leasing, development, and acquisitions to execute the Trusts business plan. As we identify the strategic opportunities each of our assets have to offer we will look to build upon the value that already... has already been created. We've assembled a talented group of executives to lead this effort and I'm confident that we will be able to offer insights and opportunities to continue to drive incremental value in future. Now, we'd like to address our 2008 forecast. With respect to our earnings outlook, we are reaffirming our previously issued 2008 FFO guidance of 389 to 394 per share. Economic factors continued to evolve that will make 2008 a less predictable year. However, the core attributes of the trust, that Don previously outlined, position us well to continue to successfully execute against our business plan. Nonetheless, while we are comfortable with and are reaffirming our guidance, please don't lose sight of continuing uncertainty in the environment as you model your projections within that range. I'd like to now open up the call to your questions. Operator? Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. At this time we would like to begin the question-and-answer session of this conference. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Christi McElroy, Banc of America. Please proceed.
Christine McElroy - Bank of America: Hi, good morning guys. Given all thats happened in just the last few months in terms of the [inaudible], the economy, the softer consumer spending, changing attitudes of some retailers, and the continuing turmoil in the credit market, how has your view of the world changed and would you say that you are in more of a defensive mode today given the environment or you out there looking to put capital to work in a market that could potentially see some mispricing and deal structuring opportunities as you put it?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well Christi lets break it down. There is no question that in tougher economic times we are looking at two things on the leasing side, right. I mean tenant sales will be lower. They won't grow as fast as we thought they would, that leads us to looking at percentage rent projections in our numbers that are lower than they would otherwise be, number one. Number two, it takes longer to lease things up, and so our downtime projections are longer. And so when we operate from a leasing perspective, we are on more of a defensive mode, there's no question about it. And this is very similar to markets that we've been in before and it never... there was nobody that was going to think it was going to stay the way it was in '03, '04 and '05 forever and so we're very prepared for that. So, I would say, yes, defensive on the operation side of the business. In terms of the growth side of the business, acquisitions, development opportunities etcetera, this is where I think we do get a little bit more aggressive and as we look out and see what's going on in the world, we are keeping a real close eye on opportunistic ways to grow the portfolio. You know we have been looking at getting into the floors over the past couple of years and prices have kept us out, the type of products have kept us out. I'm hopeful that over the next 12 months or so we will finally make some progress there as things break a little bit. So, you will see more on the opportunistic side in terms of the growth side but more defensive in terms of operations.
Christine McElroy - Bank of America: And then just a follow-up on that, I mean has there been any change at all to your JV partners' attitude about new investments?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think there has. Jeff is on the phone, right?
Andrew Blocher - Senior Vice President, Capital Markets and Investor Relations: Yes.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Jeff, where are we with our partners?
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: Clarion all along has been a very selective and I would say astute investor and when we've owned the JV back in July of 2004 it's really when you began to see the acceleration of the slide in cap rates and since July of 2004 we along with them have been very careful about what we bought and what we put in the portfolio. And I think going forward they are taking the same view and being very selective about where they place their capital, but if an opportunity presents itself where we think we can make some money on the mis-priced assets I think they are right there along with us.
Christine McElroy - Bank of America: Great. And then can you just remind me what kind of same-store NOI growth are you projecting for '08?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: What have you gotten there, Joe, somewhere between 3% and 4%.
Joe Squeri - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yeah. I don't think it's any different than... it's consistent with our business plans between 3% and 4%. Although I'd just echo Don's comments before, I mean, we're being cautious on the outlook. We don't have complete visibility but what we do know we have modeled in. But our projections are around 3% to 4%.
Christine McElroy - Bank of America: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly from Wachovia. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: Good morning guys. Just first off Larry, I just want to say it was a pleasure working with you over the years. I think everyone agree you are a passionate supporter of the federal story [inaudible]. Let someone leave a room without them letting and getting a taste of your conviction for federal. Whether they wanted it or not.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: But you really like him Jeff?
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: Correct. Kidding aside. I wish you the best of luck. I guess Donald, if I could ask a Christine's question maybe a little bit differently, Federal is clearly like an internally driven model whereas the majority of your peers have really staked their claim on being more development and acquisition reliant, particularly from a JV capital formation standpoint and even [inaudible] events. This environment has certainly slowed the fuel for that model a little bit. So I am curious... I mean what are you thinking about now, do you think you are going to see either a new approach emerge, if you will, or may be a little bit of what you were talking before, do you stay cautious and you hold cash or when you talk about going on the offence, do you think you'd ever look at buying an entire company or a large portfolio to get into your target markets, which historically have been once a choosy type company.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. It really does. I don't see us changing generally from being a once a choosy company. And the reason for that is really simple. There... we know that the biggest advantage that we have is the location of these properties that will I believe in downtimes as well as good times outperform in terms of the internal growth. So anything that is going to really dilute that and kind of put us in the same bucket as a lot of other people is not particularly attractive to me. Having said that Jeff, there we have at least so far and Jeff could probably talk to this a little better than I can, but we have not seen in terms of the stuff that we want to buy, bargains out there at this point and we are going to stay very, very close to the market to make sure opportunities like that don't go away, but so far at least on the stuff that we want in the markets that we want, you are still talking six and sometimes below six caps to be able to get it. It is really not about that as much as it is, the opportunities for what you can do with the assets we buy. And so, to the extent we will absolutely pay up for great assets in place where there is a redevelopment opportunity. And given the capital markets that are out there it is hard to imagine that there won't be more opportunities, more opportunities like that coming forward. And that's what I am talking about in terms of being aggressive on the acquisition side. But man, nothing can trump... nothing can trump our focus on the core portfolio which is why Squeri talks about the asset management investment that we've made, we have to make sure that we continue to do that to really differentiate ourselves.
Andrew Blocher - Senior Vice President, Capital Markets and Investor Relations: Don let me add to that a little bit to just kind of round out the answer for you a little bit. A couple of things if you will on what we are seeing out there on the acquisition side of the business, the first would be the gap between yields or returns on quality product versus non-quality and I would say again non-quality is either a property that is not a great property, to begin with or a property that is in a tertiary market or a property that is dependent upon a CMBS finance buyer, that gap is continuing to widen and I would even say in some cases where certain assets that are in small markets have some issues, there might not even be buyers today. But for the markets that we are in and for the type of deals that we look to buy, it's a completely different story and it is very simply a supply and demand business and there has been precious few deals that we really want to go after over the last again 6 months, 12 months or so. And there is still very well priced balance sheet, lender mortgage debt for those assets. And I think there is a huge supply of equity for those deals right now. Pension funds done a ton of money in 2007 and absence on huge decline in the stock market that would create a denominator affect for them. They are expected to invest even more money in real estate in 2008. And again, a lot of these assets that fit our profile, are kind of $20 million to $50 million bucks and depending upon the market you are in, every market has a different group of well healed local operators that can raise the hand fewer million, so they need to raise to be able to buy the deals. So, on the supply side, not a lot of supply and on the demand side still a lot of demand, which is keeping cap rates down and prices up. I would say in California that's kind of a still a 5.5% to 6% range, it's probably close to that and Washington, D.C. is not the same and not much different from that and the other markets we look at on the east coast. Florida, which weve spent a lot of time analyzing has had some more transaction activity, and again for the kind of stuff we want to buy, I think those cap rates are generally, upper five to low sixes. If you want to put specific numbers on five in three quarters, six in a quarter, it's kind of the range that we're seeing in South Florida. But the important thing, when you're looking at what we buy and what you're looking at our portfolio is not the cap rate it's the IRR and with a shift, particularly in institutional capital towards more kind of core plus value add opportunities and that kind of being the nature and what private buyers want to buy, I don't really think those IRRs have moved much over the last year or so. But still a very competitive market and we're aggressively, aggressively pursuing it just as we always have been. And on one hand, this is kind of what we've been waiting for for four years. But I don't want to... I dont want to leave you with the impression that we're going to go to a ton of deals because we are very disappointed about what we're buying, I still think it is highly competitive.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: Jeff. I can stick with your first, second is... how do you think those IRR requirement have changed, levered or maybe unlevered to better metric. For A&B properties over the last 12 months, where did you come from and to till date you think?
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: Well, we don't really want to leverage the IRRs. We're looking at everything on a same-store [ph] basis. And I think for generally speaking the kind of assets that I'm talking about which are costal market assets or you can move the NOI needle and your pro forma that you're buying today isnt as good as it's going to get. That's in the 7% to 8% range. And again I don't think that has changed much. There was a period of time when the more core stabilized properties were the pro forma day one was sort of as good as it gets. We're trading down into the sixes on an IRR basis, may be as low as 6.5. I think with the debt where it is today, those are tough deals to deal. But again still a lot of equity capital out there, the ones that are in great retail real estate. Heaven knows, we just haven't seen the data points.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: And I know that not much time is elapsed, but, is there any update on Mid-Pike Plaza on your ability to get it recognized under the... I think it's with White Flint Metro Policy.
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: Yes. There is... we're doing really well in that regard. Now obviously it's a long impediment process and it's... you know, it's probably 18 months out there in terms of... or more may be a little bit in terms of the impediments, but we're working very closely with [inaudible] and a couple of other folks who are in that district. And in terms of getting the whole, the entire district zoned, and at least at this point those conversations are very open, going very well, conversations with Montgomery County have been very productive and so, I'm real hopeful that you'll see a really, pretty special redevelopment opportunity [inaudible].
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: But, generally speaking the County is supportive of it, they are not...
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: Very much so.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: And last question was, what are the odds that we see a repeat of, I call it he Tower Records and Storehouse situation where we have a little bit of a spike in vacancy, say over the next 12 months to 18 months.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Better than they were six months ago, but still very unpredictable. I mean, you know the thing I know you asked me a bunch, Jeff and I'm going to repeat it one more time. The thing you have to remember is, despite Tower and Storehouse, we didn't change our guidance at all and we delivered on that. And I got to tell you, that is the most critical thing about this business plan. It's... I certainly would expect to see more vacancy. I certainly would expect to see more bankruptcies coming down the road. But the way weve set this up, it really would take a confluence of a number of them to bang us off what we are talking about and your guess is as good as mine as to whether that confluence will happen but its certainly a lot less likely to push us off here than elsewhere there are other places.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt from Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch: Hi, thank you. Given that Santana Row... Santana Row has been opened five years and the San Jose market is showing very low vacancy, solid sales and really strong rents. Are some of the initial leases at that center starting to roll over?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely. They're starting to roll over and we're seeing some pretty good traction. You know, let me talk about Bethesda Row a second. Because I think, this is more a macro issue in our industry. There is no doubt when you open up a large brand new project, particularly a mixed-used project. It takes time without question for those properties to kind of dig in and so... stabilizing and find their customer base and find the merchandising base that makes the most sense etcetera. When you do that, in a recession, which I believe we were in 2001, 2002 in Silicon Valley something not nationally, but in that market it takes even longer and so, it truly has taken four years or so. But, now in the fifth year it's taken that time for it to really solidify in terms of what it is. But it's there Craig, and I think, I've got a guy here in this room today, guy named, Chris Weilminster who runs our leasing, who has taken on about 18 months ago responsibility for Santana Row leasing let me turn this over to him and kind of, so you can get a little bit from the horse's mouth, which I think [inaudible].
Chris Weilminster - Senior Vice President, Leasing: Hi Craig. We've been very pleased with the... with the retailer's interest, renewed interest in Santana Row and our ability, I think to renew some of the existing strategic tenants that we believe are on place that help differentiate us from our competitors in the market. And we're now starting to get looks from some of the local retailer, some of the best-in-class retailers in San Francisco that are finally now viewing the South Bay market as a region where they can add stores and be successful. And they are very interested in the amenities that are operated at Santana believing that it really gives their consumer the kind of atmosphere that they want that will lead them to success. So, I've been very pleased with regard to our ability to renew and I've also been very pleased with the interest we are getting, we are running it close to a 100% occupancy. We rolled together some spaces recently and we are very successful in getting a great deal done for the assets with H&M, which was a huge boost for the soft-goods mix. And they opened in late October and that is just kind of been adjacent to helping us get more interest I think from the soft-goods retailers that are out there in the market.
Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch: Chris, as long as I have you on line, can you tell me what you know about Sunnyvale Towns Center, I know it opens in the second half of 2009. But I know it's within 8 miles of your project and they seem to be bringing a lot of square footage on. Are you getting any sense of what kind of retailers you're bringing into that project?
Chris Weilminster - Senior Vice President, Leasing: Sunnyvale is bringing in some food component retailers, I know that they have talked to a handful of the retailers that we have at Santana Row. And I believe that they are going to bring in more of a mid priced and what I would call life style and with Target as being their anchor tenant. So, I know that they are working hard to get some deals completed with players like H&M, they have not finished those deals yet, but I do think that you'll see that being more of a middle of the row from a lifestyle standpoint, they will nudge you towards luxury at all and I think ultimately it will be a successful project.
Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch: And do you have any impact a sense of the impact you might have on San Jose sales, I mean, out of Santana sales?
Chris Weilminster - Senior Vice President, Leasing: Well, I think that Santana Row, where we are located, Santana Row physically is the super regional market for the South Bay area with a regional mall directly located across the street and other component surrounding Santana Row. So, I think that that will provide a nice premium [ph] location for the immediate surrounding community or constituents around Sunnyvale. But I don't think that that will bleed any business off the Santana Row in anyway shaper from, from a regional standpoint. So, we are curious to see how it works, but we're very confident in the long-term continued success at Santana Row.
Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I appreciate it.
Chris Weilminster - Senior Vice President, Leasing: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Biffert from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Mark Biffert - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi guys. Don, question for you. I am wondering have you looked at a worst-case scenario if in each of your portfolio as things get significantly worsen than you expected. If you looked at it and how that would impact your leasing for '08 or '09?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's very hard to... when you say worst-case scenario I mean, the reality is... and it is the reason I kind of go through those eight specific things. If you look at the eight things that we've done to make sure that we are as balanced as we can be in terms of risk. And really if you take that and you think about what those things are, we are truly not overly dependent on any one category, on any one business line, on any one portfolio. That is so critical. And as a result, look, we gave a range of 389, 394 and probably something similar to that in terms of growth for 2009. I don't know for sure at this point. But when you think about that, the reason that that range is really pretty narrow is because it truly would have to be draconian. And if you ask me, have I gone down the draconian route and said what would we do, my god, at that point. I think the answer really is no, because I don't think that is very likely. I do think you can absolutely see softening and you'll see it in little pieces as I say with increased down time may be occupancy that goes from 96 to 95 or 95.5 or 94.5... things along that line, but... no, I am not big on saying, okay, what if all of these eight things went bad, because I don't think it is very likely?
Mark Biffert - Goldman Sachs & Co.: What about leasing spreads, how much do you think leasing spreads could compress and..?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, leasing spreads can compress. The only thing I would say is that, when you look at what leases are expiring, on a contractual basis, there is some predictability there. You know that we have a bunch of stuff that this old and you know that even if we are not as aggressive with rents, or if we can't be as aggressive as we have been on rents, that you are still going to see old leases turning around at great spreads. So, on balance, sure they can contract and they should contract but frankly from the 18% and 20% that we have been doing its been... its been an amazing three and four years, but it doesn't need to, but our business plan never called for 18% and 20% to be able to meet our objectives of earnings growth. We can absolutely have that come back into the 12% and 13%, a 11% range. And any core could particularly be worse than that. But, overall I think that's the kind of diminishing [ph] that's possible, but way too early to say that because, okay, I'm sitting here, where are we in February 13th with... I know what we did in the month of January and those things and those spreads have remained strong.
Mark Biffert - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So, what kind of visibility going on, on leases do you have, two, three months?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Longer than that on anchor deals and three and four months on small shop deals.
Mark Biffert - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And Tom [ph] has a question as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, this is kind of a broader question, I wanted to get your thoughts on the challenges of mixed use redevelopment versus plain vanilla retail redevelopment given the tougher economic environment. You'd have to think that it's got to be more difficult to align all the necessary partners for a complicated mixed-use project to just move forward with a plain vanilla retail redevelopment, can you guys touch on that?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I wouldn't disagree with the point. There is no question that... mixed-use in of itself is... in many respects a better product when its done... if its been done right. In terms of its value creation abilities over the long-term, but when you're trying to put it all together, trying to put four or five parties together is harder than putting together one or two. So, there very well might be that impact. As I sit and look at it though... I mean you look at our, where our capital get spent on the development side, we had a pretty darn good mix of plain vanilla of simple redevelopments and you just look at the list in terms of what's going on. In addition to some great longer term mixed-use projects, when I think of the long-term value that will be created at Assembly Square or the future of Santana Row or Mid-Pike Plaza etcetera, Bala-Cynwyd. I mean we are not going to be talking about delivering any of those things in the '08, '09 period and in terms of putting it all together... I mean it's funny just before this call I made sure I was... is at the speed as I could be on Assembly Square that everything was still going in the direction that we expected to be and it's very much so. The question was asked on Mid-Pike, very, very much so. So, it depends... so, the macro question that you are asking, I think is a very good point. But, again as you take it down into the business plan of this company, I think we are pretty... we are pretty cushioned in terms of development as a total percentage of what we do and the types of development within that being everything from real simple to more complicated.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks a lot for that color. And just a quick modeling follow-up, G&A, on a year-over-year basis was up 20%. That's probably a function to a certain extent of the build out of your asset management platform. Should we look for that kind of year-over-year ramp-up in G&A, as we head into 2008?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think, last year's numbers is not only a build out of asset management, it was minimization of Larry Finger. So, those two were sort of unusual, I think on a run rate basis....
Andrew Blocher - Senior Vice President, Capital Markets and Investor Relations: There is a million bucks or so in the fourth quarter.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, there is $1 million associated with [inaudible], but there is $1 million associated with Larry's retirement package. There is a run...there is some run rate things with respect to asset management but on our modeling, our forecasting, we are looking to keep G&A at 4% annualized basis.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Spector from UBS. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Spector - UBS Securities: Good morning. Just a follow-up to Jeff's question in thinking about the environment we've been hearing about a lot of private developers getting into trouble, just trying to take advantage of things, maybe be more opportunistic. Is it time to get a little more aggressive in some of the markets you wanted to get into and take advantage of some of the... your development skills you've developed over the last few years?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, for the right properties. And I guess, if there is anything that we've learned over a very long period of time here is that you cannot...we won't skimp or get back in terms on the quality of the property and the quality of the location. So, you sit here you think about, well gosh, what's going to happen going forward, where is the world going and all the unknowns associated with that. The one place that we know, we will still pay up, whether it gets cheaper going forward or not, who knows. But we will pay up and we will get it done in the locations that we want to get to and that applies to both the development and the acquisition side. So, yeah, I mean one of the things that hasn't happened for a long time, and still isn't happening is Jeff, Blocher talked about a few minutes ago, is those places that we really want to own, they don't come... they are not available very often. And, we work a hit list, and we work relationships and we do the best we can to make sure that none of those things trade without our knowing it and that's... again is development and acquisitions. Yeah, I can tell you that this market we believe will free up some of those things, and will be there, and will be there aggressively. And so, from that standpoint, you can count on it. In addition to that, just the very nature of the stuff that's in our pipeline have us real busy, and when you are talking about Assembly Square, and you are talking about Mid-Pike, and you are talking about Bala-Cynwyd, and you are talking about Santana Row. There is nothing we'd rather do than to put our capital on places where we are the most sure of success and the stuff that we own and know the work that falls in that category. So there won't be a lack of things for us to do, I can tell you that.
Jeffrey Spector - UBS Securities: Great. And then just a question on the tenant side. We've heard a lot of comments that there hasn't been as much pull back from tenant demand, I mean, at the same time, I think the concern is, are the tenants making the right decisions for '08, '09. I mean, what are your feelings at this point?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, let me jump in...let me go in and then Chris, if you want to add more color to what I'm thinking. Remember the lag, okay. The deals that are happening right now were conceived, especially Anchor deals while ago, in some cases a year ago, on redevelopment two years ago and I think along those lines. So, there absolutely is a lag, point number one. Point number two, and... I'm not sure, I'm going to be cold about this, but the reality is there is a big difference between being a retailer, and being a landlord. And as the landlord, we truly don't need every retailer doing fantastic gangbuster all the time, because their market has changed. We try as best we can and because the locations were more successful to set up those leases, where as much of the leverage is possible is in our hands. Things like recapture rights are really important to us, and the ability to control, if you will, the real estate is real important to us, we can't always do it, but it's something we're always trying. When you marry all those things together, whether retailers are making the smartest decisions or not... I mean they are just people and they are in the same situation that we are. We're trying to guess as to where the world's going to go, but nobody really knows, so it's hard to say. I can tell you they're certainly going to not reduce the deals that they're doing in the better quality locations. Far better than they are in other markets so, we should be affected less, that's the first thing. And secondly, I think we've got the leverage as best we can in those markets to be able to protect ourselves. Anything else Chris?
Chris Weilminster - Senior Vice President, Leasing: Yes. All I would do is reiterate Don's point that there...in a challenged market, there is absolutely a flight to quality, and our portfolio screams of quality. And so, we have a example right here where our corporate offices are Congressional Plaza where you have a retailer that we all read about as being a bit challenged in their sales performance recently, which is being Chico's, we recently completed a transaction with Chico's to take a store that they currently occupy, which is about 2500 square feet and not only expand that to about 4500 square feet, but also add their White House, black market brand. So, they're going to be back selling a larger space here, Congressional Plaza. And I think that's just affirmation of what Don was saying or what I truly believe, there will be a flight to quality in a more challenged market. And what's your leasing at Federal Realty back in 1990 and 1991 and in those challenged economic times, we certainly were able to keep our portfolio well leased and get great deals done, because of the quality of our real estate and I see nothing different with where we're heading this coming year.
Jeffrey Spector - UBS Securities: Thank you. And Larry best of luck.
Larry Finger - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Mueller from J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan: Hi, couple of questions. First of all, in terms of the redevelopment pipeline, the 2009 delivery is that set at this point or is there the potential for more additions?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: The ones that are there are set. In terms of additions, it's possible they would be smaller deals obviously, not larger deals. The... if you had this scheduled laid out for the next ten years, we have said in the past and I'd reiterate it again, $75 million a year, maybe $100 million a year on average we put to work in redevelopment is absolutely a good number. Does that mean every year? No, its lumpy. It's why, you'll have years there with a $150 million, you'll have years there with $60 million or $55 million as this one says but in '09, I mean that $55 million may go up by some smaller deals but it won't go up by much.
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan: Okay. In terms of the Santana redevelopment, the office component there, will you own that?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we are going to do the whole thing. It's right front in center of the property there and it is a little bit similar to in Bethesda where we are doing the apartments over the retail. When we know the property really, really well, we know the market really, really well and it is not a multi-hundred of millions of dollars deal in terms of size we will do the whole thing.
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And last question, when you were talking about potentially going into new markets and putting capital for and being maybe a little bit more aggressive, you were mentioning you don't see bargains today but do you think there is a trigger point or just something that freeze up, I guess, transactions where pricing gets a little bit better later on this year? Is there something specific that you think could change?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: What do you think, Jeff?
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: No, not really, not really. I think its a kind of wait and see and be on top of every deal like we have been and are. But I don't expect a major shift again for the type of stuff we want to buy.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: I can't overemphasize the notion of type of stuff that we want to buy. I know when I hear these words, sometimes when you look at it and I hear Jeff's response, I say boy, is that thing consistent with what other folks are saying and everything else. I don't see anything consistent because I think it does come down to the type of properties we want to buy. If you go back and you look hard at our White Marsh field, right, which closed last year, and then the results of White Marsh and how important that property is in its trade market, you kind of get the point and so whether White Marsh traded last year or this year or next year, the issues of how to get that freed up and how to, in that case, solve the sellers' problems are still going to be the same.
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Martin from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed.
Philip Martin - Cantor Fitzgerald: Good morning, everybody. Is it fair to say Don that given... we've heard some anecdotal evidence and you mentioned it in your opening remarks about retailers pulling back taking a step back to analyze their own growth plans, but given the strength of your portfolio, locations, etcetera, I would have to think that retailers view your locations as half-to locations where if they are going to grow, they are going to grow and they are going to pick locations that are characterized in your portfolio. Is that fair to say and is that some commentary you are hearing from many of your retailers?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean that is how we've set it up. Now that doesn't mean it's going to working in all cases, I mean, Jeff Donnelly, I think asked the question before could there be another store house in Tower, bankruptcy that drops folks out and hits our earnings in a particular period of time? Sure, but again even in that case we weren't knocked off our earnings guidance, that is the business plan, what you just described is the business plan and I know in talking with Chris on a regular basis, I am talking about the whole leasing team on a regular basis that when there are cutbacks or pullbacks and expansion that it is very unlikely that Federal is disproportionately affected negatively. It is almost always that Federal is disproportionately affected positively.
Philip Martin - Cantor Fitzgerald: You know from an... I know in everybody is so focused on initial cap rates but when you look in your markets and we talk about 5.5% to 6.5% cap rates on well-located properties are there enough opportunities, are you seeing enough opportunities or may be the better way to ask this, do you expect more opportunities of these call it 6% cap rate properties that are under managed where in Federals hands, the initial cap rate might be a 6%, but in Federals hands in a year or two out its a 7.5%, 8% given your platform, your ability to restructure, reposition these assets.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: You just described the White Marsh acquisition and gosh, I hope Pat [ph] isnt listening. I am not saying anything wrong with the way they read the property at all. I am simply saying with our platform, we were able to do a really good job and lease out and that's the platform, that's the relationships, that's what we do.
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: That's obviously what we look for in an asset, we are looking for a strong location, we are looking for strong tenant sales performance at a property and we are looking for what is a hopefully old or under managed rent roll or merchandise mix, that we can come in and through a combination of capital investment and leasing and property operating expertise make that income stream grow. And if the assets don't have those qualities, we don't buy them.
Philip Martin - Cantor Fitzgerald: And incrementally going forward here, do you expect... given the recent credit market turmoil that is obviously going to lead to more disciplined lending standards, fewer competitors, I would have to think Federal... this is a great opportunity for companies like Federal that are well structured from a balance sheet stand point, a value-add repositioning platform, the backdrop of significant internal growth. I'd have to think you would be more excited at this time than you were probably two years ago, is that fair to say and do you expect to see over the next year, even year-and-a-half incrementally greater opportunities of these under managed 6% initial cap rate properties?
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: That's why I said a few minutes ago, we have been waiting for this time for four years, but again I don't want to accept the expectations that there is just an opening of the flood gates and abundant, abundant, opportunities in that regard because again for the type of things we want to earn which I just described, I don't... it's not going to be an opening of the flood gates, but I can tell you that we are out there pounding the pavements and working as hard as we always have or even harder now, because we do think it is a good time.
Philip Martin - Cantor Fitzgerald: Well, in your platform and the overall size, doesn't necessarily require to mean an opening of the flood gates just enough opportunities?
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: Exactly.
Philip Martin - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christeen Kim from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Christeen Kim -:
Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning. Jeff just staying with you, you mentioned before that spread between quality and non-quality assets has widened considerably, could you put a number to that and do you see this further movement in that spread going forward?
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: I would think so, I mean may be a couple of quarters ago, we and others saw that was 60 to 100 basis points and now, it's probably 100 plus, may be 200 and in some cases, again without a CMBS lender, there may not be buyers for certain assets right now, because the balance sheet lenders are very picky about what they are lending on and they cant be, so there is no doubt it makes very hard to buy some assets. But I think broadly speaking, call it 100 basis points to 200 basis points.
Christeen Kim -:
Deutsche Bank: And you think that spread could widen further?
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: Well, it could widen further or it could be impossible to determine because there is no transaction in that really lower, our bottom quality tier properties because there is no debt.
Christeen Kim -:
Deutsche Bank: Great thanks... sorry.
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: No, that's again it is a real broad look and it's not something that we spent a whole lot of time on it because we are not interested in markets that arent great markets.
Christeen Kim -:
Deutsche Bank: That's helpful, thank you. And then in terms of just your leasing strategy, obviously you guys have high quality centers where retailers want to be, but weve heard of your peers talking about them, tweaking their strategies has given a more turbulent economic environment. Are you guys doing anything differently in terms of your negotiations with retailers?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, there is clearly more of a defensive mindset out there in some respects which means we want to renew leases as early as we can. We want to lock them in as best we can. We absolutely want and we do negotiate for as quicker rent start as we possibly can in terms of fixed rent start base and things like that. So it is... tweaking is the right word. I mean there is clearly a mindset of let us make sure that our blocking and tackling is really solid. But having said that you bet we are going forward as much as rent as we can get. And because of the locations we have some pretty good success getting it done.
Christeen Kim -:
Deutsche Bank: I apologize if you mentioned this before, I jumped on a little late, but did you talk about what percentage of lease you committed were for 2008 in terms of your renewals?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: I didn't, I don't know how to do that really for you. I did... I can tell you that we are forecasting to be over 95% lease by the end... throughout the year.
Christeen Kim -:
Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Morgan from FBR Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Paul Morgan - FBR Capital Markets: Hi, sticking with the lease expirations, I mean is there anything I can read into the low expiring rents for '08. I mean it is like $21, $22 well below all the other years and is it on the one hand either way below market properties or is it harder to rent spaces or some where in between?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, it is a combination of everything I can tell you, when I look at it, one of the things I get excited is about '09 and you sit there you see more contractual expiring leases in '09 than in any of the other years and where Paul is looking, I think, Paul, you are looking in the 8-K the lease expiration schedule.
Paul Morgan - FBR Capital Markets: Yes.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right, that $21.82 that you are looking there just happens to be specific leases that are taking that we are talking about. I don't particularly know here and I don't know if anybody does, I would doubt it, what the corresponding market rents are for that space. So I wouldn't read anything into that and all I'm trying to say is so that maybe good news and maybe bad, I don't know for sure. We could certainly find that out and talk to you offline about that. But I do think you should look at the big number that is expiring in '09 and view that as a very good thing.
Paul Morgan - FBR Capital Markets: Just in terms of the volume you mean...
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, absolutely. Opportunity.
Paul Morgan - FBR Capital Markets: Yes, okay. On the Pike 7 and kind of the Dallas rail I know you structured it such that you could get back that space just in case that there is either significant layer or nothing at all, are all the leases there coterminous now or you just have options?
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: A majority of those leases are coterminous. There is a couple that theres a couple of anchor tenants that go beyond and those are with anchor tenants that we have very strong relationships with that of who on a opportunistically redevelop work, we believe that we can work deals out.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: You know Paul, that's a double-edged sword for us there. I mean obviously we would love to a big redevelopment there. Having said that one of our most profitable shopping centers and frankly if there isn't going to be a [inaudible] for sometime we can lock down some leases at and get some term there at some higher rents than we have been able to do because we have been doing more short-term leases with pick-up and stuff. So ironically no Metro going through there is good news in the short-term and having a Metro there is great news on a long-term, so that's the balance.
Paul Morgan - FBR Capital Markets: So, it's not a leasing downside risk situation.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: [inaudible].
Paul Morgan - FBR Capital Markets: Okay, and then lastly on the Third Street Promenade, I mean have you seen from what you've witnessed so far about the kind of lease-up effort at the Santa Monica redevelopment there might be leasing risk or where do you see kind of the center of gravity shifting and how it might impact your leasing now?
Jeff Berkes - Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer: I can tell you with certainty based on some of things we are working on there is we are seeing... we are seeing no bleeding of our ability to get market rents that are well in excess of what is in place today and we were excited about getting our hands on one or two of the leases right now that we are working on, so.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's a small transaction that we did during '07 but it kind of says a lot, we did... when we first did all those properties on Third Street Promenade, we were 90% owner, and we had a 10% partner on a company called CIM, and we've now bought out all of those leases and we own a 100% of the assets on that we control on the Promenade. The Promenade has exceeded all of our expectations by a factor of many and when you look at in-place rents versus current market, there probably is no single property in all of Federal's portfolio that has greater upside than that.
Paul Morgan - FBR Capital Markets: Okay, thanks.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: With or without Santa Monica place.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Lucas from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird: Hi, good morning guys. Just in the interest of time, I just wanted to say thanks to Larry, but real quick Don, if you could just give us some thoughts on handicapping the Dallas Metro rail extension in terms of what the likelihood is?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Chris, there's got to be somebody better than me that can handicap... that can handicap that, my gosh it is a crapshoot, it really is. There is no question that if you live in the Washington, DC area that frankly its ridiculous, that there is no way to get to the areas major airport but public transportation, it make no sense and therefore you got to believe that there is an awful lot... an awful lot of both civic and financial impetus to get a Metro between Downtown and Dallas airport. This is clearly a big setback with that the absence of Federal funding to be able to make that done. Right now there are all kinds of scrambling going on, on the private side, in the international side in terms of money, I believe somebody figures that out, will it be in the same timetable, no way. That's why I think...
Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird: Okay and then more specific modeling question. On a snow ice event like we have had the last 24 hours, is there a ballpark number in terms of unrecoverable expenses we should be factoring in to our operating expense numbers?
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, it's minor, given that net leases and the 96% lease portfolio is a wonderful thing and no it would be a couple of hundred thousand dollars things like that but nothing significant.
Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird: Okay, well thanks a lot.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: Super.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Moore from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Hello guys I will be quick as well. Just one thing I thing, I need a little help on the whole credit market situation, it seemed like a couple of months ago, no one would lend to any body and now all of sudden all I hear is we got cheap interest rates, so we are going to get all kinds of cheap debt and I'm curious where are you guys with the credit markets, what you are hearing, what you are seeing, are things getting looser, what do you got?
Joe Squeri - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Rich I will give you my own view, this Joe and I'll kick it over to Andy who deals with it more specifically but I think there is a couple of things. Jeff mentioned early on that for good assets in quality markets there, there seems to be some secured financing that is available and it doesn't seem... I guess the best way to say it, it doesn't restrict, what's going is not restricting our business model, the transactions that we did last year position us well to execute our business plan, we have seen spreads widen, we have seen things tighten up, we have seen a lot more restrictive lending but we feel really good about what we had accomplished last year, our credit facilities is completely available and as I echo some of the comments that Jeff made on the secured basis, we feel pretty strong about that and Andy can give you more specific color about transactions that we are seeing in the market.
Andrew Blocher - Senior Vice President, Capital Markets and Investor Relations: Rich, I mean when you look at it, I mean we're being.... we are probably being quoted rates that are on an unsecured 10-year basis that are probably 100 basis points wider than where they were six months ago, that's probably made up of 100 basis point to 150 basis point decrease in treasury yields offset by 250 basis point increase in credit spread. On an unsecured basis, I think what Joe said is dead on. We are hearing that there is a little bit of availability of debt in the secured market at a positive spread to the unsecured market. The question that you have there is when you are looking at absolute amount of funds, how are they pricing the properties so on and so forth and a lot of that is really driven by the fact that there really hasn't been any unsecured debt issued in REIT land since October. I did see that Duke this morning came out with the preferred deal at 8.375%, it would be AA2 credit, which hopefully will kind of work towards bringing up something on secured stuff. And then finally on the bank side, I mean when we exit the market in November of last year we're able to get a rate of LIBOR plus 57.5 on the one-year term loan with a one-year extension option and what we are hearing now, kind of if you are looking at doing like a one or two year term loan, you'd probably be looking at a spread of LIBOR plus 110, so those are all the specifics behind the general comments that Joe made.
Joe Squeri - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Let me just give you one last point that's really... I think as you analyze all companies that you're looking at, you really have to look at on the unsecured side is absolutely spreads have widen far more than treasury rates have come down and so the cost of money certainly is higher but it is so much less in my view about the cost of money than it is about the availability of that money and just on the unsecured side, and there is just... no business deal, so it's a little bit about what Blocher was saying in terms of when you talk about widening cap rates and things like that, well it depends, if there is no deal I don't know what the appropriate cap rate is and if there is no lending, I don't know what the appropriate interest rate is on the unsecured side, that is where the issue I think where you got to decouple with.
Donald Wood - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's very good stuff, thank you.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you Don.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. I would now turn the call back over to Andrew Blocher.
Andrew Blocher - Senior Vice President, Capital Markets and Investor Relations: Well, thank you all for joining us on the call and we look forward to hearing from you guys next quarter.
