===== 2025 Q3  (2025-03-19 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to General Mills' Third Quarter Fiscal 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Jeff Siemon, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon : Thank you, Julianne, and good morning. Thanks to everyone for joining us today for our Q&A session on our third quarter fiscal '25 results. I hope you all had time to review our press release, listen to our prepared remarks and view our presentation materials, which were made available this morning on our Investor Relations website. Please note that in our Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. Please refer to this morning's press release for factors that could impact forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of non-GAAP information, which may be discussed on today's call. I'm here with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO and Kofi Bruce, our CFO. So let's go ahead and get to the first question. Julianne, can you please get us started?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Good morning, everybody. Jeff, you mentioned in the prepared remarks the sharp focus right on accelerating organic growth as you move into fiscal '26. And you highlight the at least 5% HMM savings, the additional $100 million in cost saves on top of this. And I think you've said previously you plan to reinvest the 53rd week as well. So I guess my question is, with the sizable step up in investment planned for fiscal 4Q, how do we think about the incremental investment that you think is needed for fiscal '26 beyond what you're already doing in the fourth quarter this year? And in thinking about those investments, I guess, what does the balance of spend look like or the mix between work that still needs to be done on price points specifically versus, let's say, innovation, in-store activity and media expense?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. Really, really fair question. Let me give you a couple of pieces of context and then answer your question more because I think the context is important. The first is that coming into this year, we thought the consumer environment would improve as the year got on and that hasn't really been the case. And consumers are still seeking value as much or more than they had when our fiscal year began. And if you look at the most recent confidence indices, it would indicate the consumer confidence is actually below where it was three months ago and about where it was in 2008. And so the situation we find ourselves in is different than we thought the one coming into the year. And so consumers are seeking value. You see that in the categories they're pursuing in many, many ways. The other thing I would tell you as we think about our investment going forward, we've kind of looked at what's worked for us over the last year. And when you look at Blue Buffalo, we were having a similar conversation a year ago and we sharpened our price points. We got really focused on the things that mattered. We improved our marketing, our new products and we've gotten a place where we're competing effectively on Blue Buffalo. The same would be the case on Pillsbury. So we talked about last quarter what we need to do. And yes, we sharpened our focus there on value, but also we have good new products there and our marketing is really good. And the focus on value actually allowed our marketing to work better. The same would be true of Totino's. Again, we've got the value in line and our marketing is really good on Totino's. And so as we look at those things or how we're competing with Haagen-Dazs globally, we know that getting the value in the right zone and that adding on top of that really good innovation and more improved marketing is the way to go. So that's the context. As you look at our fiscal fourth quarter, obviously, we're stepping up investment. We're investing some more in pricing, particularly in the fruit snacks area where consumers are really looking for value. That's very clear. But also we're stepping up our marketing double digits. And we're doing that on some of our biggest brands. We think our marketing is really good. You'll see that on Blue Buffalo, you'll see that on Pillsbury, you'll see that in Cereal. And so as we - so that as we look at next year, it'll be a year of reinvestment for us and it'll be a combination of getting our value right. The place where you'll see that the most is in snacking, particularly fruit snacks and no need to wait until fiscal '26. So we started in the fourth quarter. The same with - so that's where the - as we look at pricing for next year. The other is that on pricing is we're lapping a lot of pricing we've done in the back half of this year into the first half of next year. But in terms of kind of incremental activity, we need to take on value that fruits snacks is the incremental value. Beyond that though, we're going to improve our marketing on our core as we've done in some of the categories I've told you more broadly. We're going to increase our marketing spend and we have some really good new products coming in the first half of next year. In fact, part of the investment we're making in the fourth quarter is the R&D resources to the admin necessary to get those products to market as well as the supply chain. And so what we're looking at next year is to reinvest our HMM savings, to reinvest in the 53rd week as well as these efficiencies to get back to growth. That is the job to do. The rest of our P&L looks great and it will look even better once we get back to growth. And my expectation is that our competitiveness will improve starting in the fourth quarter with the actions we've taken and we'll look to carry that over into the first quarter, second quarter, third and fourth of next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. Just to build on Andrew's question, I was hoping we could run through a quick very broad exercise of kind of the tailwinds and headwinds into next year, just on a general basis, not looking at any numbers. And I'm wondering if I'm missing anything here. So as I think about the tailwinds, you've talked about a little more trade, better marketing in general that should help volume. Innovation, your tone is great there. Maybe you have some easier laps from some of the trade destocks. Obviously, you have a little more HMM maybe and you have those new cost efficiencies you talked about. And then as I think about the headwind side, excuse me, obviously a little more trade than what you initially expected, although you talked about some easier laps there, some investments in brand communication, maybe a bit more slotting than you have tariffs, stock-based comp, Yoplait dilution. I'm running through these very quickly obviously and I'm putting you on the spot, but is there anything obvious that I'm missing there? Because honestly you talked about how your job is to get back to growth. It seems that those headwinds are a little stronger than the tailwinds and that's kind of what we're hearing from the buy-side today. So I really wanted to push a little bit on that if I could.
Kofi Bruce: Okay. And I think broadly you've actually got almost elements, we want you to be tracking. I think Yoplait, obviously, we don't know exactly when that's going to close. That will be a significant probably about 5-point headwind that we want to make sure you have visibility to. We flagged that at CAGNY. It's starting 5-point headwind on profit. I think you've got kind of the texture of the rest of this. There'll be some annualization impact from the investments we've made this year that are important to factor in. And we are building flexibility just in terms of our posture for next year for additional investment. I think, we're very committed to getting the job done on improving growth trends both in the categories and our own competitiveness. So, to the extent that we go into next year, we want to make sure we have flexibility to do that. So I think we'll obviously give you a little bit more perspective on where the commercial investments are going, as we step into our Q4 and give guidance. I think you have the fence post about right though.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer from Evercore ISI.
David Palmer : Thanks and thanks for those comments on innovation. I wanted to follow-up on that. I've seen some data that in general in the food space there's been less innovation that the innovation in the category in general packaged food has not really recovered to pre COVID levels. It's been slow to essentially ramp back up. You're certainly ramping up innovation heading into fiscal 2026. I wonder if you could sort of characterize for us the level of innovation activity into 2026 and how it will compare to 2025 and maybe you sound optimistic about it like what are the ways you're changing the types of innovation, the messages that you think will work perhaps better per activity and marketing dollar next year?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, David, good questions. I will give you as much context as I can without giving away exactly what we're going to be doing. First, you're right in that new product innovation kind of as a percentage of sales is still lagging where it was pre-pandemic. That's also true for us, although we're up significantly in our new product innovation as a percentage of sales this year than we were last year. So we are up, but still below where we were pre-pandemic. I hope that's clear. It's clear in my mind when I say it. I hope it's clear to those listening on the line. As we look at next year, I think there are two things that we need to do. The first is that the types of innovation we have, we probably need to support more robustly. And so we've had some good new product innovation like Cheerios Protein. We just talked about Pitmaster and what we've done with Old El Paso and soup. And we've got stick bars coming in Asia and in Europe that are really good. Nature Valley Granola protein is off to an amazing start. So we need to - we've got some good new product innovation. I think we can probably do a better job even just supporting those a little bit more, which we intend to do. And then I think the theme for next year is probably going to be fewer, but bigger. And we have a few big innovations that we'll talk about in June that I would love to talk about now, but we're not going to, that are going to come in the first half of next year, in addition to kind of some of the things we already talked about. And so fewer and bigger, I guess, would be and then making sure we support well the good ideas that we have and we have some good ideas.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. Just looking at you called out value and price gaps quite a bit and obviously that's a focus. Looking at Dough and Totino's where you kind of had the test cases already, it's maybe a little harder on Totino's to see how much it's coming through because it looks like it picked up kind of later in the quarter or into 4Q. But Dough had sales growth up, I think, around 4% with volumes up around 8%. I guess maybe in those categories, how do you -- how did you or do you understand or figure out what the right price adjustments are? And then really how does that translate more broadly? I guess the kind of endpoint of the question is, how do you know that as you've got your - it sounds like your '26 plans are broadly set, How do you know the price investments you're anticipating are enough? And how do you think about just you said maybe you can be nimble there. Is that part of how you plan for it as well?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So you mentioned – talked about the call, which were refrigerated Dough and Totino's. You also have Blue Buffalo into that mix of things that we have executed well and open some price points and but also improved our marketing. And that's the other piece of it is getting the marketing right, whether it's new product innovation and marketing behind that or marketing behind the core, which is also important. And so as we look at that, the new piece, we're looking at the same price, but we've got great brands. And so when we talk about that value piece, really it's kind of getting in the zone of and price differentials and that sort of thing. So it doesn't mean we have to price equally to everybody else. We just have to get into a zone in which our pricing is going to work. And then we have to consider all the elements of our marketing mix, and we use the remarkable experience framework to do that. And we kind of go category by category to say, what are the thing where are we good? Where are we missing elements? And then we go by that and we use that throughout the entire company. And so I'm confident as we head into the fourth quarter and then the fiscal '26, we have a much better handle category by category what jobs need to be done. And in some cases that's value, in some cases that's marketing on the core, in some cases that's innovation and fruits snacks is probably all three of those things. And so that's the way we look at it and we have confidence, because we've done it several times now, some big businesses, Blue Buffalo, Totino's and Pillsbury, they're all $1 billion-plus brands and we've done it effectively there. We just need to make sure -- we the job to do now is expand that to the rest of our portfolio, which we have been working on, which will start to manifest itself in Q4. In fact, I would expect our Cereal business to come back in Q4 and I would expect our soup business as well to show improvement in Q4 as we get the marketing in a good place and as we the value is also in a good place.
Michael Lavery: That's great color. Would it be fair to assume that that evaluation exercise that you talked about, have you completed that across the company or is there still some brands or categories that maybe under review, so to speak?
Jeff Harmening: We have completed that across the company and which has led to some of the improvements that you've seen so far. Some things take longer than others, and that's the work won't begin has already begun, and you'll see that in the fourth quarter and we'll bleed into next year. So you'll see that in next year as well. But also, I would also say it's an always on kind of capability because context changes and the environment around those changes. And so one of the things -- yes, I feel good that we kind of understand brand by brand and what we need to do. But I also know that the context changes, and we have to be agile enough to change with the world around us. And so I also know that.
Operator: Next question comes from Alexia Howard from Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Can I start with -- come back to snacks. As I think about previous economic slowdowns like the financial crisis and so on, that seem to do okay as a sort of feel good treat at a low ticket price. And they didn't seem to be behaving in previous cycles with this value seeking discretionary problem that we seem to have today. So what's different this time around? And could this accelerated uptake of GLP-1 drugs, for example, or increasing consumer concerns about the healthiness of indulgent snacks, be another part of the issue here. I'm just wondering what data you're looking at to really get at the root of what's driving the category weakness?
Jeff Harmening: Let me give you a couple of thoughts. And as we look across kind of salty snacks, grain snacks and fruit snacks kind of quarter-on-quarter, there's about a negative gap on the category between what was happening before and what is happening now. And our view is that a lot of that has to do with consumer confidence. I mean, yes, GLP-1 use is increasing. It's about 10% of the adult population now about 5% or so used for weight loss, which is up significantly from the year before, but it didn't change that much quarter-to-quarter. And we've also seen the same kind of activity in dog treats. And to my knowledge, there is not GLP-1s for dog treats. And so I don't think that -- even though we take the GLP-1 kind of trend seriously, and as you see, we have a lot of protein coming in our new products and macro nutrients and fiber are going to be important and portion size and lower sugar and all that, that's really not what we see in this environment. As to why we see the slowdown, you're right, in past recession like in 2008, we didn't see this. Our view would be is that food at home is now elevated vis-a-vis what it was in 2008. And so it's elevated vis-a-vis what it was in pre-pandemic. And so pre-pandemic food-at-home consumption was about 83% of occasions, is now 87% and has been 87% for a long time. And so what has changed is that in price increase like we're experiencing now with consumer confidence, we had a lower percentage of people eating at home, and that increased as they got more anxious. That level is already increased. And so that really hasn't changed much. And so our belief is that consumers have become much more value conscious not only determines what happens in category, but also have what happens in the rest of the stores. So if you look at the rest of the grocery store, you would see that things that are staples are the ones that are growing faster than things that are more discretionary. And so staples like baking staples, for example. And some of the items on the perimeter. Those are growing faster because they produce more value. And the same would be true of why restaurant occasions are down slightly. We think it's much more about value now, and that's the biggest is the aging indication versus of what we saw in the past recession.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Galbo from Bank of America.
Peter Galbo: Jeff, just a couple of questions. If we can dig in a little bit more on the snacks business. The first would just be around fruit snacks. I'm assuming when you're talking about kind of the value piece of it, you're talking more math relative to Gushers. I think you had like actually expanded Gutters capacity about a year ago. So I just wanted to clarify on that. And then the second piece is just if you can expand a bit more on the remediation plans, I guess, in snack bars, you have a competitor who was off shelf and is now back on shelf. And maybe salty as well, just maybe in the same level detail that you provided around fruit snacks would be super helpful.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So let me start with fruit snacks a little bit. You're right. I mean Gushers capacity came back up in Q2, and we feel good about the trajectory of that business. When we look at the category, the fruit snacks category is down. And part of that is part of that discretionary which we talked about, but we haven't distinguished ourselves on the share front either. And there are a couple of big players -- a couple of our big retailers introduced private label during that period. And so there's no question that the job to do on fruit snacks is one of making sure our values in the range, but also then getting back to innovation. We talked a little bit about Harry Potter fruit snacks and what we're doing there as well as marketing on the core. And so I would like what we have to do with fruit snacks a little bit to what we have a deal with a couple of items on Blue Buffalo where on Blue Buffalo a year ago, we -- our pricing was good on life protection formulas. It probably is on Gusher, but all we have to market it better and we started doing that, and that was the job to do. That's probably Gushers. When you come to some other items, it's probably like wet pet food and treats where we had to improve the marketing, which we did, and we had to improve the price points, which we did, and it took a little bit longer, but we eventually got back to where we needed to go. And so that's kind of I think that's the corollary to fruit snacks, if you would. On bars, bars was a tough quarter because better competitor was off shelf a year ago. But I feel good about our bars business, I mean the innovation we have coming on bars. We didn't mention cereals, protein, bars, I don't think on this call, but it's coming up. And so we feel good about that. Nature Valley, the marketing is good on a Nature Valley our bars business I would look to rebound you probably more quickly even than fruit snacks, but fundamentally, we're in a decent place on that.
Peter Galbo: And just salty, if anything there?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. On salty snacks, there really probably is a value play, although salty is a relatively small part of our portfolio relative to fruit snacks and Nature Valley. But I think that one, value is certainly true. But I would also say, it's very clear that consumers are looking for bold flavors and so our ability to introduce some new products with some bolder flavors results going to be part of our success in the salty snacks.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Baumgartner from Mizuho Securities.
John Baumgartner: To the consumer and this interaction between value-seeking and Mills as mentioned a functional ingredients and functional innovation set against the broader focus on RFK and ingredients more broadly. How do you assess, Jeff, the willingness and ability for consumers to pay up for healthier ingredients and better quality? I think in the past, the ability to extract premium pricing for premium ingredients, that compact being just sort of take to remain competitive. Do you see it changing on that front in terms of pricing power and premium mix at this point?
Jeff Harmening: Consumers are still going -- value comes in a lot of different ways. Part of that is pricing. But obviously, the benefit part is also important. We see that playing out in proteins. We highlighted a lot of protein innovation we have coming now, whether that's Cheerios Protein or Progresso Protein which is doing very well. And so you'll see that. And the key for us is really we're seeing a lot of value players, but we're seeing some things at the high end as well. So it was kind of bifurcating. And for us, value doesn't -- as I mentioned earlier, I'm going to repeat myself, but value doesn't mean getting a race to the bottom on pricing or getting to the same place to private-label just making sure we have the gaps correct. And after a period of kind of record inflation for 3 years, those things can take a toll. And so it really is about getting the value right. And beyond that, it really is about talking about the benefits of our products. In some cases, that's functional benefits like protein and other places like Pillsbury biscuits. It's about how flaky they are. When it comes to Betty Crocker, maybe how chocolate they are. So it really depends brand by brand, the benefits are looking for it. Yes, some functional health, but it's food. People really like stuff that tastes good. And to the extent, like in Cheerios Protein, we can make it taste good and it has a functional benefit, that's an even bigger win.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Carey from Wells Fargo.
Chris Carey: So 1 slight clarification and then a bigger picture question. Just on the clarification, with the savings targets for next year, is there a message today that the savings targets between HMM and the incremental $100 million are there to be fully reinvested back into the business? Or is the message today simply we're putting forth strong savings such to give us the ability to invest as we see it, but the plans are still developing or something of the sort. So that's just a kind of clarification. And then, the bigger picture question is, if I look at your category growth rates, the categories in which you compete, they are actually growing, which is really positive, right, because that means that you can close category gaps, you're back to growth. When you assess why your portfolio is not growing in line with category, what are the major diagnosis? Is it value, the innovation, agenda, the marketing, messaging because I think we all value is the key here, invest in price and trade and that will drive the improvement but when you set the portfolio about why there's that relative under performance, what are the buckets that are standing out the most to you?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, let me take the second part of your question first, and then I'll pass it over to Kofi to take the first part of your question second. The -- on the category growth we make really important point, which is that our categories are growing, and they're growing about 1%. And that's below the kind of 2% to 3%, we think will happen as we look into the future. And the biggest delta really the delta is price mix and so as we look at volumes, they're roughly in line with what we'd expect and what we could expect for a 2% to 3% top line growth, except that there's not a lot of -- there's not much price mix in this environment, which given what we said about the consumer, I think kind of lines up. So our categories are growing. Because of that the most important job we have to do is to get back to being competitive, which is what we will look to largely do in the fourth quarter. We have lots of areas or competitive now. If I look at Foodservice, if I look at Haagen-Dazs internationally, if I look at Blue Buffalo or what we've done with Pillsbury, or Totino's, there are places where our market shares are increasingly good. And the job for us to do is to get back to that more broadly. Probably starting with volume share first ultimately, the ultimate arbiter is dollar share, but volume share first as we're getting our value realigned. So that's the job to do. And then to get back to algorithm, then it takes a little bit of price mix on top of that, which we're not expecting in the near term, which we're pretty confident eventually. And then so that is the -- that's the most important thing that we need to do. I'll probably turn it over to Kofi to talk a little bit more about the reinvestment profile and what we're expecting there.
Kofi Bruce: Just kind of picking up on Jeff left off. I think to the extent that we see the path ahead next year, really focused on driving improved growth and competitiveness. The purpose of the $100 million plus additional cost savings, the net HMM above inflation, is to free up resources to reinvest for growth, right? So the efficiency is there to drive growth. We're not trying to drive specific improvements in margin. Obviously, to the extent we have additional flexibility above that $100 million, you can expect our dial to be tilted probably towards reinvestment back into the business. We'll talk more about specifically where and the nature of that investment a little bit more detail, obviously, as we go into Q4 and give guidance for the next year.
Jeff Harmening: Kofi, let me come back to the second part of Chris' question, which I think I forgot the first time around. But the -- being competitive is not only about price. I mean, we need to get the pricing back in the zone, but it's value holistically. And as a CPG company, the recipe for success is relatively simple, even if it's difficult to execute, which is you need good marketing on your core, you need good new product innovation and you need the value to kind of be in the zone whether your marketing can work. And we know this has been true for decades. And we've proven it again on the categories that I've talked about earlier, and we're going to start to prove it on some other areas as well. And I think you'll see that in Cereal in the fourth quarter, where we've got good value, but we also have a double-digit increase in media. You'll see it on soup, where we have good new products that we're going to market. And so yes, we need to get the pricing roughly in line, but it is not only about that, and it can't only be about that. We've got the best brands in our categories. And so it really is about marketing them effectively, which is marketing the core as well as new product innovation, and we'll look to dial-up both as we look at the year ahead, starting in Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from Leah Jordan from Goldman Sachs.
Leah Jordan: I just wanted to go back to cereal. I know that's been a big area of concern for investors recently. And with the mid-single-digit decline in U.S. retail in the quarter. Just curious if you could provide more detail on that, how it compared to your internal expectations? And then going back to what gives you the confidence to driving the improvement in the fourth quarter? And really just how are you thinking about the durability of the category longer term?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. As we look at the third quarter, we'll see how deep you go on this. As we look at the third quarter in Cereal, I mean, it was pretty close to what our expectations were in terms of what our reported net sales were we knew we had a little bit of inventory built-up from the second quarter. We talked about timing and that related to a few categories in our second quarter earnings call. Cereal is certainly 1 of those. And besides that, we did have a competitor who was off shelf in the third quarter of the year, and we had a little bit less media and merchandising. So cereal look, our cereal performance wasn't great in the third quarter, but it was about what we expected. The reason why I'm confident that it will get better in the fourth quarter is that we have an increase in media. We don't have the overhang from the inventory. And our merchandising is good. We've got a really good promotion in the fourth quarter. And so we have all the things lined up. Kind of like we did in the second quarter. We had a pretty good second quarter last year. We think we'll have a good fourth quarter on cereal. And the key to longer term as honestly, is giving consumers more of what they want. And so as we look at Cheerios Protein, clearly, that we launched Go Cereal which has done well. Our Nature Valley Granola Protein has also done well. And so it really is giving consumers what they want. All those things happen to be protein, but lucky term, you're still magically delicious and people want that as well. And Cinnamon Toast Crunch is still a best tasting cereal in the category, and people want that as well. And so the key to our growth as it always has been, is giving consumers what they wanted some cases that’s functional benefits like protein other time just great taste and [indiscernible] together. That's when we used the most.
Operator: Next question will come from Max Gumport from BNP Paribas.
Max Gumport: With regard to the unexpected portion of the retailer inventory headwinds in North America Retail and Pet. Can you provide a bit more color on what drove it? Is this an industry-wide phenomenon? Or is it specific to some of the categories you compete in or your product specifically? And then what's informing the view that there won't be any material changes in retailer inventory levels in the fourth quarter?
Jeff Harmening: Well, first of all, in Pet, it was across some of our biggest retailers. And Pet inventory through the 6 years or so that we've owned this business, has always been more volatile than the rest of our business, actually, I think because of the e-commerce nature of the business. And so there's a 5-point drag on Pet this quarter from retail inventory. A lot of that was dry pet food, which is why you saw the results in dry pet food, especially in dry dog food the way that you did. Our inventory levels weren't high before. They're even lower now. For the year, our inventory is about -- retailer is about flat to where it was at the beginning of the year. And so that's what gives us the confidence that we won't have another drawdown in inventory in the rest of the year. As whether that's an inventory trend-- an industry trend or just us, I'll let everybody else talk about what their trends are. I just know what ours are.
Jeff Siemon : Julianne thank you -- we’re going -- given that we can hit the pass the time allotted here. I think we’ll go ahead and wrap up. Thanks everyone for the attention and time this morning. We're available all day for follow-ups as usual. And so I look forward to connecting here in the next few days, and we'll be back to discuss Q4 when we get to June. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q2  (2024-12-18 08:00:00) =====
Jeff Siemon: Good morning. This is Jeff Siemon, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Thank you for listening to General Mills’ prepared remarks for our Fiscal 2025 Second Quarter Earnings. Later this morning we will hold a separate, live question-and-answer session on today’s results, which you can hear via webcast on our investor relations website. Joining me for this morning’s presentation are Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO, and Kofi Bruce, our CFO. Before I hand things over to them, let me first touch on a few housekeeping items. First, on our website, you will find our press release that posted this morning, along with a copy of the presentation and a transcript of these remarks. Please note that today’s remarks include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions. The second slide in today’s presentation lists several factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I will turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Harmening: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Entering fiscal 2025, our top priority was to accelerate our organic net sales growth, and specifically our volume growth, by delivering remarkable experiences to consumers across our leading food brands. As we look at the first half of the year, we made encouraging progress accelerating our volume growth and market share trends, including returning our North America Pet business to growth. General Mills’ first-half organic volume growth was 4 points better than our fiscal 2024 result, and we drove a significant increase in the proportion of our business growing share. Our pound share has improved most notably, with dollar share improving at a slower rate, as we expected, given our investments to increase value for consumers. These results are due to our continued focus on delivering Remarkable Experiences to consumers across the total product offering. We are investing to bring consumers superior products and benefits, at the right value, supported with remarkable brand building and omnichannel visibility. This work drove improved performance on many important businesses such as pet food, cereal, fruit snacks, and our Foodservice product lines. At the same time, we have more work to do in other places, with Refrigerated Dough offering the biggest opportunity for improvement, and challenging consumer trends in China continuing to present a headwind in that market. To achieve and build on our broad-based improvements in volume and share, we’ve stepped up our investment to bring greater value to consumers, which results in a lower outlook on operating profit and EPS in fiscal 2025. Amidst a dynamic and uncertain macroeconomic backdrop for consumers, we believe this is the right choice to further strengthen the remarkability of our offerings, which will better position General Mills for sustainable growth in fiscal 2026 and beyond. Our Q2 results are summarized on Slide 5. Organic net sales were up 1%, adjusted operating profit was up 7% in constant currency, and adjusted diluted EPS was up 12% in constant currency. These results were ahead of our expectations, especially on the bottom line, even as our outlook on the year has come down. The key reason for this unusual difference is that our Q2 results benefited from timing-related items that drove a 1.5 point benefit to net sales and a 6 point benefit to operating profit and EPS, all of which are expected to reverse in the second half. Kofi will provide more context on these items and our back-half expectations later in the presentation. Slide 6 outlines our three key priorities for fiscal 2025. As I mentioned up front, our number one priority is to accelerate our organic sales growth by delivering remarkable consumer experiences across our leading food brands, resulting in a stronger volume and improved market share performance. Second, we will create fuel for investment by generating strong levels of HMM cost savings to offset inflation and reinvest back into our brands. And third, we will continue to drive strong cash generation while maintaining our disciplined approach to capital allocation. Slide 7 shows our pound and dollar share performance through the first half of fiscal 2025. We strengthened our competitiveness in Q2, with 56% of our priority businesses growing or holding pound share and 38% growing or holding dollar share, both of which were significant improvements from Q1 and fiscal 2024 levels. Importantly, all four segments drove improved pound and dollar share trends in Q2, and we saw our U.S. pet food business return to pound share growth and held dollar share for the first time in more than two years. We’ll look to build on this positive share momentum as we move through the second half of fiscal 2025. We’re seeing encouraging, broad-based improvement in our competitiveness across North America Retail as well. North America Retail’s pound and dollar trends strengthened in Q2 in seven of our top ten U.S. retail categories. Nearly 60% of our U.S. retail priority businesses grew or held pound share in Q2. And our results on dollar share moved up to 50% growing or holding share over the past month as we returned our U.S. cereal business to dollar share growth behind great consumer news, advertising, and merchandising execution, including successful campaigns with the Kelce Brothers and Chex Holiday Season. These share improvements have translated into strengthened retail sales growth across most of our U.S. portfolio from Q1 to Q2. Those gains have been largely offset, however, by a step back on refrigerated dough, which has had a disappointing start to the key baking season. As we move to the second half, we’ll build on our improving momentum on businesses like cereal, fruit snacks, Mexican food, and soup, and we’ll step up our plans and reinvest to improve our trends on refrigerated dough. Our plan for refrigerated dough this year included product renovation news, stronger marketing behind the Pillsbury Doughboy, and targeted investments in value. As we moved through the second quarter, it became clear that our product news and media support were not breaking through because we didn’t have the right value for consumers at the shelf. We’ve taken a number of actions recently to reverse the trends on refrigerated dough. We’ve already brought more value to consumers in December by adding investment to narrow price gaps across a broader range of items. We’re stepping up our taste renovation news in the second half across 30% of our portfolio, with new “more cinnamon” news on Pillsbury cinnamon rolls and continued support behind our “more flaky layers” news on biscuits. We’re launching new Cookie varieties, including Monster Cookie and Double Chocolate flavors as well as Grinch holiday shapes, to accelerate the strong growth we’ve been delivering since we unlocked new capacity earlier this year. And we’re significantly increasing our media support in the third quarter to ensure Pillsbury has greater visibility through the remainder of key baking season. The return of the Doughboy in our new campaign is working, and we expect media investment to be up more than 40% on our canned dough line in Q3. Stepping back, we’ve driven tremendous growth on Pillsbury refrigerated dough over the past five years. Getting this business back on track will be key to improving our North America Retail growth prospects. We’re confident that the actions we’re taking to increase remarkability will improve our momentum going forward. Turning to North America Pet, I’m proud of the continued progress we’ve made to restore this business to growth by focusing on Blue Buffalo’s ingredient superiority and executing our improvement plans across the portfolio. While we’re not all the way to where we want to be, we’ve continued to drive sequential improvement in our market share, with our pound share growing and dollar share flat in the U.S. in Q2. And we like the positive momentum we’re seeing across our key product lines. We drove high-single digit retail sales growth on our Life Protection Formula dry dog food business in Q2, leveraging compelling advertising focused on ingredient superiority. We’ve dramatically reduced the retail sales declines on our Wilderness dry dog food line by addressing a few key challenges. We launched new comparison advertising highlighting Wilderness’s higher protein content versus a key competitor, we introduced smaller bag sizes to provide lower absolute price points for pet parents, and we reintroduced grain-free varieties that are driving incremental household penetration gains. On wet food, we adjusted our price points on targeted offerings to get below key price cliffs, and we’re seeing positive returns. Our treats portfolio is where we have the most work still to do, but even here we’re seeing green shoots, with better shelf visibility and good merchandising execution driving improved turns at key customers. And we continued to strengthen our pet portfolio earlier this quarter with the announcement of our proposed acquisition of Whitebridge Pet Brands’ North American premium cat feeding and pet treating business, which includes the Tiki Pet and Cloud Star portfolio of brands. The jewel of this acquisition is the Tiki Cat brand, which has a strong presence in wet cat food, the fastest-growing segment within the U.S. pet food category and an area where Blue Buffalo is underdeveloped. Retail sales for Tiki Cat were up more than 20% over the past year, and with household penetration still below 2%, we see tremendous runway for future growth. We expect the transaction to close shortly, and we’re looking forward to welcoming the Whitebridge team to General Mills and working with them to expand our mission of loving and feeding more pets like family. In North America Foodservice, we continue to deliver strong market share growth across the segment, with more than 70% of our priority businesses growing or holding share in Q2. Our world-class R&D team is providing category-leading renovations in service of our operators, leveraging the Remarkable Experience Framework. In Q2, we launched a product renovation on our Baked Biscuit line, delivering improved product quality while also doubling the hold time, which helps operators better manage labor shortages and minimize product waste. We’re already seeing strong excitement and sell-in with key distributor partners on the back of this news. We also continued to drive strong share results in non-commercial channels, including continued share growth in K-12 schools. We’ve built on our leading position in cereal, thanks to our ongoing commitment to nutritional leadership, leveraging our two Equivalent Grain packaging innovation and our reduced sugar offerings. In International, we made progress stepping up our market share performance on our global platforms, while continuing to navigate challenging macro headwinds in China. We grew or maintained share on 45% of our priority businesses in Q2, driven by improving share performance in our distributor markets and Europe & Australia regions. This included strong performance on Häagen-Dazs, which delivered share growth in retail outlets in Q2, fueled by increased distribution on core flavors like Belgian Chocolate and Strawberry. Our China business continued to see double-digit traffic declines in our Häagen-Dazs shops in Q2, but we’re working to mitigate those headwinds by expanding distribution in retail, foodservice, and E-commerce channels. Our second enterprise priority for fiscal 2025 is to create fuel for reinvestment back into our business through industry-leading HMM cost savings. Even as we have added incremental investment to support stronger volume and share growth, the midpoint of our updated guidance ranges still translates into an adjusted operating profit margin profile in fiscal 2025 that is higher than our pre-pandemic margin. We’ve done that by delivering record levels of HMM, including a forecast for 5% savings in our cost of goods sold this year, which is ahead of our long-term trend. This elevated HMM delivery continues to provide fuel to invest into our brands and capabilities for the long term. For our third priority, continuing to drive strong cash generation, we expect to deliver at least 95% free cash flow conversion in fiscal 2025, consistent with the guidance we provided at the start of the year. We remain committed to our long-standing record of deploying our cash in a disciplined and shareholder-friendly manner through capital investments, dividend growth, M&A, and share repurchases. On M&A, we continue to advance our portfolio reshaping ambitions and improve the growth profile of our business. Once our North American Yogurt divestitures and Whitebridge Pet acquisition are closed, General Mills will have turned over approximately 30% of our net sales base since fiscal 2018. In terms of future M&A, our near-term focus is on ensuring our organization is set up to deliver seamless transitions for each of those three transactions. As we look further out, we remain focused on bolt-on acquisitions as our most likely opportunities for M&A. Before transitioning to Kofi, I’ll highlight our updated fiscal 2025 guidance on Slide 17. We reaffirmed our organic net sales guidance, with our current expectations toward the lower end of the range. Adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS growth are each expected to be 2 points below our prior ranges, reflecting the incremental investments we’re making to support our volume and market share gains. And we remain on track to deliver free cash flow conversion in line with our previous expectation. With that, let me turn it over to Kofi to go into more details on our second-quarter results and the assumptions behind our updated outlook for the year.
Kofi Bruce: Thanks, Jeff. And hello everyone. Our second-quarter financial results are summarized on Slide 19. Reported net sales of $5.2 billion were up 2%, and organic net sales were up 1%. Adjusted operating profit of $1.1 billion was up 7% in constant currency, driven by HMM cost savings and higher volume, partially offset by input cost inflation, unfavorable price/mix, and higher SG&A expenses. Adjusted diluted earnings per share totaled $1.40 in the quarter and were up 12% in constant currency, driven by higher adjusted operating profit and a lower share count. As Jeff mentioned, our Q2 results were impacted by certain favorable timing items, including an increase in retailer inventory in NAR due in part to the Thanksgiving holiday shifting from the final week of Q2 last year to the first week of Q3 this year, as well as favorable trade and other expense timing. These items represented approximately a 1.5 point benefit to net sales and a 6 point benefit to operating profit and EPS in the quarter. We expect these timing items to reverse in the second half, with most of the impact in Q3. Slide 20 summarizes the components of total company net sales growth. Organic net sales increased 1% in the quarter, driven by higher organic pound volume, partially offset by lower price/mix. Foreign exchange and the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures were not material to net sales in Q2. Shifting to segment results, second-quarter organic net sales for North America Retail were up 1%. Our organic net sales outpaced Nielsen-measured U.S. retail sales by roughly two points, driven by an increase in retailer inventory due in part to the impact of the later Thanksgiving timing. We expect this retailer inventory build to reverse in the third quarter. Organic net sales in Q2 also benefitted from faster growth in non-measured channels. At the operating unit level, net sales for U.S. Morning Foods increased 4% and U.S. Snacks were up 1%. Net sales for U.S. Meals & Baking Solutions were down 1% and Canada net sales declined 4% in constant currency. As Jeff noted, we strengthened our competitiveness in NAR, with our pound and dollar trends improving in seven of our top ten U.S. categories from Q1 to Q2. On the bottom line, constant-currency segment operating profit in NAR essentially matched year-ago results, driven by HMM cost savings and favorable price/mix, offset by input cost inflation, higher other supply chain costs, and lower volume. Moving on to Slide 22, second-quarter organic net sales for our North America Pet segment were up 5%. This result outpaced our Nielsen-measured retail sales performance by roughly four points. The difference reflected a rebuild of retailer inventory after significant reductions in the second quarters of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024. We do not expect to see a material change in retailer inventory in the second half. Net sales were up high-single digits for dry food, up mid-single digits for wet food, and up low-single digits for treats. Q2 represented our fifth consecutive quarter of sequential market share improvement for our U.S. pet food business, with our pound share growing and our dollar share flat in the quarter. On the bottom line, second-quarter North America Pet segment operating profit was up 36% in constant currency, driven by HMM cost savings, higher volume, and lower other supply chain costs, partially offset by unfavorable price/mix and higher SG&A expenses, including an increase in media investment. North America Foodservice organic net sales were up 8% in the quarter, driven by a mid-single digit increase in organic pound volume and positive price/mix. Net sales results were led by strong growth on breads, cereal, and frozen meals. We continued to drive strong market share gains year to date across key channels including K-12 schools, healthcare, and colleges and universities. On the bottom line, second-quarter North America Foodservice segment operating profit was up 24% in constant currency, driven by favorable price/mix. Moving to Slide 24, second-quarter organic net sales for our International segment were down 3%, driven by declines in China and Brazil, partially offset by continued growth in our distributor markets as well as Europe and Australia. As Jeff mentioned, continued macroeconomic consumer headwinds in China drove double-digit declines for our Häagen-Dazs shops traffic in the market, and we are working to mitigate those headwinds by expanding Häagen-Dazs distribution across retail, foodservice, and E-commerce channels. Within our retail outlets, we’ve continued to drive sequential improvement in market share on Häagen-Dazs, reaching share growth in Q2. Second-quarter segment operating profit totaled $24 million compared to $35 million a year ago, driven by unfavorable price/mix and higher SG&A expenses, partially offset by HMM cost savings. Slide 25 summarizes our joint ventures results. In Q2, Cereal Partners Worldwide net sales were up 2% in constant currency, with growth in Latin America partially offset by declines in France and the UK. Häagen-Dazs Japan net sales were up 1% in constant currency, reflecting growth on our handheld formats, partially offset by lower contributions from the timing of new product launches in cup formats. Second-quarter combined after-tax earnings from joint ventures of $30 million were up 23% in constant currency, driven by lower input costs and favorable price/mix at CPW, partially offset by higher SG&A expenses and a decrease in volume at CPW, and higher input costs at Häagen-Dazs Japan. Turning to margin results, our second-quarter adjusted gross margin increased 130 basis points to 36.3% of net sales, driven by HMM cost savings, partially offset by input cost inflation and unfavorable price/mix. Our second-quarter adjusted operating profit margin increased 100 basis points to 20.3%, with benefits from higher adjusted gross margin partially offset by higher SG&A expenses as a percent of net sales. The timing benefit I referenced earlier added roughly 100 basis points to our Q2 adjusted operating profit margin, and we expect that to reverse largely in Q3. Moving on to other noteworthy Q2 income-statement items. Adjusted unallocated corporate expenses decreased $23 million in the quarter, driven by certain favorable one-time items. Second-quarter net interest expense was up $7 million, driven by higher average long-term debt balances. The adjusted effective tax rate of 20.1% compared to 20.8% a year ago, driven by favorable earnings mix by jurisdiction compared to last year. Finally, average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were down 4% to 560 million, reflecting our continued net share repurchase activity. Our first-half financial results are summarized on Slide 28. Net sales of $10.1 billion essentially matched year-ago results on an organic basis. Adjusted operating profit of $1.9 billion was up 2% in constant currency, while adjusted diluted earnings per share totaled $2.47 and were up 6% in constant currency. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 29, first-half operating cash flow increased 19% to $1.8 billion, driven primarily by a change in accounts payable, partially offset by changes in inventory and other current assets. Capital investments in the first half totaled $301 million. And we returned $1.2 billion in cash to shareholders in the first six months of the year through dividends and net share repurchases. On Slide 30, we’ve provided a few updates to our key financial assumptions for fiscal 2025. As Jeff stated earlier, our improvement in volume and market share is requiring higher promotional investment than we initially planned. A portion of that incremental investment fell in the first half, and we expect a greater portion to hit in the second half. Within cost of goods sold, we continue to expect HMM cost savings to outpace input cost inflation for the full year. We now expect to generate HMM savings of 5% of COGS, and input cost inflation is now expected to be 4% of COGS in fiscal 2025. As we look to the second half of fiscal 2025, the midpoint of our revised guidance implies adjusted operating profit would be down roughly 8% in constant currency. This reflects a 3 point headwind from the reversal of favorable timing items in the first half, a 3 point headwind from incremental growth investments, and a 2 point headwind from a partial reset of incentive compensation. With these assumptions in mind, our updated annual Fiscal 2025 Financial Outlook can be seen on Slide 31. Organic net sales are still expected to range between flat and up 1%, with our current outlook targeting the lower end of that range. Adjusted operating profit is now expected to be down 4% to down 2% in constant currency. Adjusted diluted Earnings Per Share are now expected to be down 3% to down 1% in constant currency. And we continue to expect free cash flow conversion to be at least 95% of adjusted after-tax earnings. Note that our outlook does not include the impact of the North American Yogurt divestitures nor the Whitebridge Pet Brands acquisition, as those transactions have yet to close. With that, let me turn it back to Jeff for some closing remarks.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks, Kofi. I’ll close out with a few thoughts. We’re encouraged by the progress we’ve made to accelerate our volume growth and improve our market share trends, driven by our continued focus on delivering remarkable experiences to consumers across the total product offering. To deliver those gains and build on them going forward, we’ve made incremental investments to bring consumers greater value amid a challenging macroeconomic backdrop. I’m confident in our teams, who are operating with agility and doing what’s right for our consumers. And I’m confident that the actions we’re taking will better position General Mills for sustained growth in fiscal 2026 and beyond.
End of Q&A:

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-09-18 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to General Mills' First Quarter Fiscal 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Jeff Siemon, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Hi, thank you, Julianne, and good morning to everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for our Q&A session on our first quarter fiscal ‘25 results. I hope you had time to review our press release, listen to our prepared remarks, and view the presentation materials which we made available this morning on our investor relations website. Please do note that in our Q&A session we may make forward-looking statements that are based on our current views and assumptions. Please refer to this morning's press release for factors that could impact forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of non-GAAP information, which may be discussed on today's call. I'm here this morning with Jeffrey Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; and Kofi Bruce, our CFO. So, Julianne, we can go ahead and get to the first question. Will you please open it up?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt Smith from Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matt Smith: Hi, good morning. I believe when you initially provided fiscal ‘25 guidance, you weren't assuming much improvement in your categories with more emphasis on your competitiveness. Does the shift in more at-home food consumption give you more confidence in the organic sales outlook or are you seeing that benefit muted by continued value-seeking behavior?
Jeffrey Harmening: Good morning and thanks for the question. First, I would say that the quarter played out from a macro environment kind of as we had anticipated and we thought we'd see gradual improvement in our categories throughout the year and we saw an improvement in our categories. In fact, if you look at our North America retail categories, they're up a couple percent, a mix of a little bit of volume and a little bit of pricing in the categories. And so it's played out kind of as we expected. And for us, as we said in the fourth quarter, the key for us is to keep improving our competitiveness. And we made a step in the right direction in that in the first quarter and we have some more work to do across our portfolio. And so the job for us to do for the rest of the year really is to keep improving. We did see a slight uptick in food consumption at home in the quarter. We did anticipate that might be the case as we see consumers seeking value. And the fact is that now food at home is four times less expensive than food eating out on average. And so eating at home is a great value for consumers and consumers still economically stress. So that played out the way we thought. And as we look at the rest of the year, I wouldn't say that our guidance is predicated on our category's continued improvement. What it's predicated on is our continued improvement in competitiveness, which we're confident we can do, even got a continuing momentum into the second quarter here because we've got really great news on all of our billion-dollar brands.
Matt Smith: Thanks, Jeff. And as a follow-up, I appreciate that your investments span both innovation and some couponing and promotional activity. But on the couponing and promotional investments, can you talk about the receptivity from consumers to your investment spending? Are you seeing incremental purchasing behavior from those consumers and is the return on those investments in line with what you had expected?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah, I think this kind of gets back to this question of value. I would -- first I would tell you that, consumers see value in a lot of different ways. And we did couponing, we increased our couponing, we saw good returns on those in line with what we would expect. But consumers also look for brands and products they trust. Life Protection Formula continues to grow. It's up mid-single digits for Blue Buffalo because we talk about ingredient superiority and what that brings. We launched advertising on Wilderness and that business has kind of halved the losses on that business in a quarter and sees some continued momentum. And in cereal, we launched Fruity Cheerios. It's the top turning new cereal in the category because consumers trust Cheerios and they want something a little bit different. And so whether it's couponing, whether it's new products, or whether it's advertising, messaging, or pack sizes and getting those in the right place, there are a lot of ways to create value for consumers. I would say especially, I think probably underappreciated, when consumers feel a little bit economically stressed. The one thing they can't afford to do is throw away food. And so they have to bring something home that their family is going to love and that's where our brands come in and making sure that we have relevant messages in the right package in the right place. But to your point, I feel good so far. What I feel even better about is the majority of the news that we have on our brands actually takes place in the second quarter because it kind of starts in the second quarter because if you think about our portfolio, we have a lot of baking items, a lot of seasonal items, even treating for pets is a little bit seasonal in the second quarter. And so you combine that with some improvements we're seeing on Blue Buffalo and some receptivity from our pet specialty channel on Wilderness, we feel like we'll see a step-up in the second quarter because we've got more good news coming.
Matt Smith: Thanks, Jeff. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Jeffrey Harmening: Good morning.
Kofi Bruce: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Jeff, you talked a bit about obviously the expectation of continued sort of progress around market share and competitiveness as you go through the year. I guess would you anticipate being in a position to sort of hold share across your NAR segment for the year or maybe does the more gradual start make this sort of outcome perhaps still a bit overly optimistic? And then, Kofi, I think last quarter you mentioned expectation for an equal contribution from volume and price/mix for the year. Is that still how you sort of see things playing out at this stage? Thanks so much.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah, thanks, Andrew. I mean, I think the theme of the day is probably progress and continued work to do, which we intend to do to improve our competitiveness throughout the year. That is certainly true for NAR, it's also true for Blue Buffalo. I would say the first quarter kind of played out as we anticipated for both of those segments. We improved our competitiveness in NAR, but there's still market share gains to get. And we fully expected that, especially as our first quarter sales comp was probably the toughest of the year and Q2 gets quite a bit easier from a sales standpoint. And we talked a lot about our great news on our biggest brands, but most of that starts to hit in the second quarter. So, Andrew, I would say I'm not going to predict where we end up at the end of the year. It's a long year. My belief is that we'll keep getting better as the year progresses starting in Q2 with our competitiveness and that's what I would expect given the first quarter played out as we thought and the news that we have introduced seems to be landing the way we want it to.
Kofi Bruce: And I would -- second question. We continue to be focused on and expect gradual improvement as we move through the year and total sales -- and to the point of our expectations for the full year, there's nothing that tells us we're broadly off mark in expecting equal contributions from volume and price/mix as we work our way through the year towards our guidance.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much.
Kofi Bruce: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. When you talked about some of the continued market share improvement, you cited one of the drivers as improved customer service levels. Can you call out maybe where that still has been an issue and what the kind of roadmap is or timing for improvement there?
Kofi Bruce: So we have seen improved customer service gradually across most of the portfolio, acutely so in our Foodservice business, our pet business, in particular those who have been aided by, I would say, bigger changes in the service levels. But in aggregate, service levels are moving close to where they were pre-pandemic.
Michael Lavery: So, it's not any one particular category, it's just broad improvement for that.
Kofi Bruce: Say, specifically with our Foodservice portfolio and our refrigerated and obviously across our pet portfolio, both our internal and external supply chain reliability has improved service levels across all the formats.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful. And on pet, you said that it's -- the quarter kind of you're seeing progression. It's as you had expected. Can you give a sense of a little bit more what's ahead and maybe specifically on Wilderness, even if the declines are moderating, do you have an idea of when actual growth is expected and how we should be -- what we should be looking for there?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah, that's a good, very fair question. Yeah, I was pleased by our improvement in Q1 on pet, particularly the, on the sales front, I mean, we were down 1%. I think we lost 0.1% market share, I forget. And our dry pet food business, wilderness and Life Protection Formula and actually Tastefuls and cat actually gained shares. We kind of gained share on 60%. It's a good improvement but not one is clearly not the goal. And even if Wilderness improved, it did not improve all the way that we want. So I'm really pleased with the direction and the momentum and I think there's -- I think there’s more to come on Wilderness specifically. We just turned on the advertising at the end of the first quarter, this new advertising which shows the protein relative to our nearest competitor. We've seen the gains we've fought for, but those take a little while in the feeding cycle of pets. I would also say starting in the second quarter, so we're going to have to get up on advertising in the second quarter. But in addition, you're doing a couple of other things on wilderness that will help us. The first is that we're reintroducing some grain-free products. So we have some grain-free products adding back to the Wilderness portfolio as we had a few years ago. The other is that we're adjusting sizes, making some smaller sizes, again, in this current economic environment, smaller bags of dog food tend to do better. So we're reintroducing those. And we have commitments from a couple of our pet specialty customers to improve the way that they feature wilderness in store. And so we're working with our retail customers, all those things hit in the second quarter. So, my expectation is that we continue to see improvement on Wilderness and pet into the second quarter, and we'll see what that yields. So I'm not going to give a number for how much it's going to improve, but looking for improvement on our pet business in the second quarter and on Wilderness.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Max Gumport from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Max Gumport: Hey, thanks for the question. Jeff, last quarter you discussed your intent to return excess cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases if you couldn't find attractive acquisition candidates. So I think the initial read of the intent to use all the proceeds from the yogurt investiture suggested there might not be attractive M&A out there. It seems like in today's prepared remarks, you had a bit more pointed commentary about focusing on deals that are more bolt-on in nature, specifically in that $1 billion to $2 billion transaction size range. So I think that helps to provide more clarity on the reason for why you're returning the proceeds to shareholders. I'm curious what you're seeing in the current environment that has made you focus on finding the next Annie's or Tyson pet foods business rather than the next Blue Buffalo. Thanks.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah, so thanks for the question. I appreciate that. And first I was kind of back up and say, in the last fiscal year, we did exactly what I said, which is we didn't find any acquisition candidates that we really liked. And so we returned money to the shareholders in the form of share repurchases. So, we actually did what we said we were going to do in the last fiscal year. When it comes to this year, our balance sheet is in a great place. And so with this divestiture of our American yogurt businesses, we felt it important to make sure that all of our investors know what we intend to do with those proceeds. And as we look at the environment, you're right, I got a little bit more specific in this release, and it really is kind of what we see in the near term as the kinds of things that might be available to us in terms of bolt-ons. And similar to what we had done in Annie's or similar to what we had done in Tyson. I mean, certainly if something bigger came along that we don't see now, we could entertain the notion. But for us, it seems like our focus right now and what we see in the marketplace really is probably more availability of smaller sized assets that we could bolt-on that would enhance our growth, so still enhancing our growth, but bolted on to businesses we already own. And importantly, I mean I know that you know this because you've been following this for a while but for those who haven't been maybe, we're able to do these bolt-on acquisitions and repurchase shares at the same time. We did it with Tyson, we did it with Annie's, we've done it for a long period of time. And so we got a little bit more specific on the near term only because that's the way it looks to us and looks to be our focus over the coming time. And we have the balance sheet to be able to do both of those things at the same time, add on bolt-on acquisitions and do this yogurt investiture as well as repurchase shares.
Max Gumport: Thanks. And then with regard to improving your competitiveness, which is clearly a focus for this year, it is nice to see the progress in the first quarter. And I recognize you're far from declaring victory on that front just yet. But I'm wondering if you think investors will be making too much of a big deal out of the last month or so of data, which would suggest you took a step backwards. I realize it's just a quad week and there can be volatility, but looks like in cereal, refrigerated dough, snack bars, fruit snacks, there was a bit of a step backwards. It does sound like you have more product news coming later on in 2Q. So just curious how you think we should all be reading that latest quad week of data. Thanks.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah, so your question says commentary on Q1 is right. I mean, we didn't make progress. There's no victory being declared, but I would say that we're confident in that, the first quarter played out the way we thought both in terms of the macro environment and our improved competitiveness. And we understand that there's a job left undone, which is to kind of get back all the way to share growth and absolute growth. I mean, down one is not the goal. But we're confident we can get there given what we see coming up on the horizon in terms of our initiatives. Over the last four-week period, I'm not sure the angst of investors flew over the last four week period, but I can tell you it's entirely due to a timing of merchandising shift from one period to another. So it's really a couple of big merchandising programs that shift in timing. So I am not worried about what you see in the scanner data for the last month.
Max Gumport: Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Jeffrey Harmening: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thank you so much. I guess you touched on kind of price and couponing a little bit earlier, but I am just curious, as we think through, I guess Q2, and then by also, I guess back half of the year, like, is there a scenario that kind of plays out such that North America price/mix could actually be positive this year? I mean, clearly, there's a lot of discussion around promotional needs and what we're doing on pricing and the value-based consumer, et cetera. But at the same time, there's a comment in the prepared remarks that spoke to like selling the right pack size and the right channel at the right price, but then also maybe there is some price/mix benefit on some of those shifts. So just trying to get a sense of kind of the price/mix outlook for the year.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah, I was -- let's look at kind of what's happened this year in our categories where you see kind of an equal contribution from rate and from mix or from rate and volume in our categories. And that's kind of what we see playing out for the year, kind of an equal contribution. And it's more or less what we saw in the first quarter. Then if you look at our business, you'll look at our price/mix was down 1%, it was entirely mix. In fact, more than entirely, more than entirely mix. And mix is a hard thing to really predict. As we look ahead, I mean, we don't comment on pricing or promotion plans as we look ahead, but I mean, I think it's important to note that our categories have remained very rational. And that what we see is input costs, inflation is certainly moderated. But it's still, still our forecast for us for the year is 3% to 4%. And so, as we look ahead, we see rational categories and we see a little bit of inflation. And what I'm pleased with is that we have the productivity savings that can offset -- that can really offset that. And so now our job is to drive growth. And so as we look at the coming quarters, we'll see what happens with price/mix, but it's played out exactly so far this year, kind of as we thought it would.
Kofi Bruce: Yeah. We could see some modest improvement mix as we work our way forward. But to Jeff's point, it is hard to predict.
Rob Dickerson: Fair enough. And then just on the M&A side, again, prepared remarks, you spoke to kind of bolt-on attraction, $1 billion to $2 billion transaction size on average. Simple question, kind of where you would like to go, right? Is this, kind of build up a little bit more international scale, maybe leading to pet some, just any color you could provide would be fabulous. Thank you.
Jeffrey Harmening: I'll provide a little bit of color but maybe not as colorful as you're.
Kofi Bruce: It's going to be things that kind of bolt-on to our existing categories. I would say specifically, our categories where you have a right to win, which, in a large degree are our global businesses. And so, you look at pet or you look at what we've done in acquisition in pet or snacking or what we've done in Foodservice. I would expect more of those both on the priority business, where we have a right to win and where we see growth. And it could be international, it could be domestic, so I'm not going to get into that level of detail, but really where we have a competitive advantage, where we see growth, maybe get a little synergies along the way, those are the places where we will continue to look.
Rob Dickerson: Alright, super. Thanks guys.
Jeffrey Harmening: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, thanks operator. Good morning everyone. So two for me. One, just I think we've talked a little bit about kind of progress and trends. So maybe Kofi, could you just tie together, I think at the start of the year, we were kind of looking at more of a back-half loaded plan to begin with. So just as we're looking at the second quarter, you know, Will it look somewhat similar to 1Q? I know we've got -- the comps are kind of wonky in pet, but any color you can give us in terms of phasing I think will be helpful. And then I've got a follow-up.
Kofi Bruce: Sure. So we would expect to see continued improvement off of this trend as we step into Q2. I think it would be fair to characterize the year as expecting gradual improvement in the top line as we work our way Q2 into the back half of the year, and then obviously profit a little bit more phase to the back half.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thank you. And then the follow-up, Kofi, just on the divestiture and the dilution, is there stranded overhead incorporated in that? I guess underneath my question is just, is it dilutive initially, but then you work through the overhead and over time it actually isn't as dilutive.
Kofi Bruce: Yes, our expectation -- you're exactly right, our expectation is that there is stranded overhead that will take us a period of time. We would expect that period to be about two years or less for us to get that stranded overhead addressed and out of the cost structure. So that is part of the drag in the dilution math.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Are there any TSAs also we should be aware of?
Kofi Bruce: Yeah, there will be TSAs as part of the terms of both of the sale agreements with Sodiaal and Lactalis.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, but not very material?
Kofi Bruce: Yeah, I would not consider them material to the dilution and accretion.
Bryan Spillane: All right, cool. Thank you.
Kofi Bruce: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Leah Jordan from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Leah Jordan: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to follow up to the discussion on the more food at home trends supporting the volume lift. Is that a widespread lift versus your expected baseline across categories or any notable surprises to call out there? And has that demand shift impacted your view on how you're promoting or messaging in this current environment, including any update on how you're thinking about the timing of the spin throughout the year?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah, as we look at a little bit of a shift from away from home to at home, first, it's a little bit of a shift. I mean, it's from like 86% of food at home to 87%. So that just to make sure we highlight that and don't overplay it. The second, I would say within the trend, it is broad based. And what we see is that the traffic at restaurants is down a little bit, and the traffic at what we call non-commercial outlets, so places like K through 12 schools, or colleges and universities, or healthcare, places like that, we actually see growth, which is where we over-index. And importantly, we see growth versus the prior year but neither are actually at pre-pandemic level. So it's growth off a base that was much lower than it was before but growth in this non-commercial space which we over-index which is why we have confidence in the growth of our Foodservice business. In terms of the impact on our retail business, it's actually been quite broad based across food and beverage. So it hasn't really impacted one category or the other significantly, because again, it's a 1 point change versus what we saw a year ago.
Kofi Bruce: And about time to spend, I mean, we have had, I think, pretty consistent plans for, to increase our investment behind media and brands this year. We saw that in Q1, that'll actually be up even more in Q2. Jeff talked about some of the big seasonal initiatives that we have, whether it's on Pillsbury or soup or others. And so making sure we're supporting our brands through that period of time is important. So you'll see even a bit more of an increase in brand support here in the second quarter, and that will continue in the back half.
Leah Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you. And then for my follow-up, I don't think we've touched on international yet. Just seeing if you could provide more color on trends in that segment. I mean, it sounds like Brazil has improved from last quarter. What were the key drivers in that region? And then seeing if you could comment on China as well. I mean, that seems to still be challenged. How are things trending sequentially and any updated use on that region as we go throughout the year?
Jeffrey Harmening: Sure. On our international business, I was really pleased, first of all, I was really pleased with our European results. You didn't mention that, but I'll tee up the question and answer it myself. We did see some growth in our European Australian business, which is good because it's a business that is a strong profit contributor. And so I like the way we're competing in Europe. In Brazil, you're right, we grew in the first quarter in Brazil on the top line and much improved from the year before. We -- it's one place, and we've talked about this before, it's one place where we saw lot -- quite a bit of inflation over the last few years and probably didn't fully utilize our strategic revenue management tools in the right way. And so we've adjusted pricing in Brazil. It's one of the places where we needed to adjust. We've made the adjustments. We're seeing the benefits of that. So pleased with how we performed in Brazil. The challenge for us really is China. And within China, we have two businesses, Wanchai Ferry dumplings and Haagen-Dazs, kind of equally split. Wanchai Ferry dumplings doing fine. And even Haagen-Dazs at retail stores and through e-commerce also doing pretty well. It's the Haagen-Dazs shops, the shop traffic is down. And much like you've seen, probably heard others in the market talk about the consumers pulling back and when they do, the shop traffic is down. And so as we look at the rest of the year, while we would like that trend to improve, we're not banking on that trend improving for us to hit our guidance for the year. And so as we look at international, I'm actually pretty pleased with most of it. And the one area that's challenging is China. It's not really an execution challenge on our part. It really is a more of a macroeconomic challenge with the shops. The margins on shops are low, but the fixed costs are high. So it has an impact on profitability. So that's what we're seeing a little bit in China. We're not counting on the economics to get better in the near term. So it's just -- it's something we'll continue to have to work with throughout the year.
Leah Jordan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from TD Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: [Technical Difficulty]
Jeffrey Harmening: Sorry, Rob. We can't hear you. We heard just a tiny little sound.
Robert Moskow: How's this? I'm sorry.
Jeffrey Harmening: That's good. Perfect.
Robert Moskow: Okay. To what extent does Morning Foods currently operate with an integrated cross-category strategy across cereal and yogurt? And does the divestiture of yogurt require you to alter your approach to the retailer or your consumer insights and are there any implications regarding scale in that regard or is it just like there's different buyers? Is it, there's a cereal buyer, there's a refrigerated buyer and it's very separate?
Jeffrey Harmening: The answer, Rob, is much more the latter. There's not a vast category of strategy when it comes to yogurt and cereal. I mean, they both participate in a lot in the morning occasion. So that's things they have in common as well as kind of a combination of taste good and good for you. So they have that in common as well. But there's not really a -- there's not broader implication with our retailers. There's not a broader implication on insights. We have insights embedded in that particular operating unit, but also we have insights in North America retail that kind of span. So there, it's a business from that standpoint and frankly from a manufacturing standpoint that's relatively easily separable and I wouldn't see an impact on cereal from that divestiture.
Robert Moskow: Right. Okay, thanks. And a follow up, you said six of your 10 categories are flat or getting better. Can you comment on the other four? Like, is it snacks and dough? And what's the plan for accelerating the growth in those other four?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah, I would say that rather than taking you to around the world of all four, I would say that the biggest one, the biggest one is dough and [Technical Difficulty] snacks. And so those are those are kind of the two biggest by far. And with refrigerated dough, I think we have some phenomenal advertising coming up in the second quarter using the Doughboy. We have lots of product news in that category, launching some new products. And so I would anticipate our dough business to get better in the second quarter. We'll see about share. Our market share in dough is already about 75% or so. So the key to dough, it really is to get to kind of grow it. And so I have a high degree of confidence in our plans as we look forward. We'll see what they yield, but our dough business I feel good about it. And then fruit snacks, a reminder -- you may not remember this, but we're bringing on additional capacity starting in the second quarter for our -- particularly for our Gushers business, which has been capacity constrained. We have some really good new products, especially on Gushers also coming in the second quarter. So that's a business where I would expect to see some improvement as we move throughout the year. It may not all happen in the second quarter, but as we move through the year, I would expect us to see improvement in our fruit snacks business. So those are those are the two biggest ones Rob of the one where we feel like, okay, we made a good progress on a lot of them, but those are two we need to continue to make progress.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question today will come from John Baumgartner from Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Jeffrey Harmening: Good morning.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Jeff, I wanted to come back to North America and the comments on competitiveness and the larger eating at home environment. Looking at recent innovation, it seems to appeal maybe a bit differently to the frequency of consumption, the Totino’s breakfast, the Taco Dessert Shells, the low sugar Betty Crocker. How do you assess your portfolio at this point in the frequency of consumption relative to its potential? Are there certain brands or categories where that gap is still significant? And in closing those gaps, what's the relative importance between even more innovation relative to making pack size changes or marketing differently against a business in its current state?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah, when we think about innovation, we kind of think about it broadly. And it can happen in all the ways you identify, which is new product innovation. It can happen with -- through our marketing messaging. It can happen through pack sizes. It can happen through all those things. A lot of times people focus on just the new product innovation. And by the way, I think our new product innovation is good, but it's like 5% -- it'll be 5% of our business this year and the rest of the 95% is really what drives profitability and growth and household penetration. And so, I will -- so the key for us is to make sure we have innovation that's relevant category by category. And sometimes that's messaging, sometimes that's news, sometimes that's having the right pack sizes in place, and other times it's new product innovation. Fortunately, I've said it before, so I'm maybe at the risk of just repeating myself, but as we look broadly landing in the second quarter, I feel good that we have good new product innovation on our billion dollar brands. We also have stepped up levels of advertising. You'll see some, I think, some exciting advertising on Totino's coming here starting in the second quarter, as well as new products from Old El Paso and New Old El Paso soups that we've launched in the marketplace, as well as news on our [core like flakier] (ph) biscuit. So it really is, and I go category by category, but everything I just mentioned is innovation on a billion dollar brand. And I think that's the key when you have good ideas on big brands you tend to do better and I think we have differentially good ideas on big brands which by the way includes Blue Buffalo not just North America retail.
John Baumgartner: Thanks, Jeff.
Jeff Siemon: Okay, I think that's all the time we have this morning. Appreciate everyone's engagement and we look forward to catching up over the course of the coming months. Please reach out with any questions through today and look forward to speaking with you again next month. Take care. Thanks. Julianne, over to you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-06-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to General Mills Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Jeff Siemon, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Julianne, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our Q&A session on our Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal '24 Results. I hope everyone had time to review our press release, listen to our prepared remarks, and view our presentation materials, which we made available this morning on our Investor Relations website. It's important to note that in our Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. So please refer to this morning's press release for factors that could impact forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of non-GAAP information, which we may be discussing on today's call. I'm here this morning with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; and Kofi Bruce, our CFO. So I think we can go ahead and get to the first question. Julianne, can you please get us started?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. I wanted to under -- make sure rather that I understood the dynamics in International, it's a bit of a specific question to start, but the commentary in the prepared remarks, about consumer challenges might indicate that volume would have been more pressured than price-mix, but it was the latter that was down by a greater degree. So I'm just curious if you can walk us through the dynamic there and if there were any unusual puts and takes this past quarter. And then I have a broader follow-up.
Kofi Bruce: Ken, thanks for the question. This is Kofi. So as you know, our organic sales were down 10% in International in Q4. A bit more than half of that came from a reclassification from net sales to cost-of-goods-sold in Q4, an adjustment that was immaterial to the company's full year results, but obviously important in the quarter for the segment. The rest of the decline in International was really a function of the difficult market conditions in both Brazil and China. Our Brazil performance, specifically both the consumer environment and value challenges at the shelf as well as the customer environment where customers were reducing inventory levels pretty significantly versus last year. And then China, after a strong start to the year, we saw a real souring or downturn in consumer sentiment in the quarter that had a negative impact on our shop traffic for Haagen-Dazs and our premium dumpling business. So that's --
Kenneth Goldman: I'm sorry, Kofi.
Kofi Bruce: Yeah, that's bulk of it. Yeah.
Kenneth Goldman: Thank you. I'm stepping on your words, I apologize, but I appreciate that. The follow-up is, and thank you for all the detailed guidance you always provide from top-to-bottom in the P&L every year. I'm curious if you could break out for us a little bit of the cadence of the top-line and EPS growth this year and in particular if there's any considerations as we think about modeling the first quarter.
Kofi Bruce: Yeah, I think, the -- we won't get too detailed, other than to just note that our Q1 results, we would expect to trend below the balance of the rest of the year, primarily driven by higher levels of investment as we step into the year with a focus on improved volume, and then obviously, the comparison against our strongest quarter performance in fiscal '24.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Jeffrey Harmening: Good morning.
Kofi Bruce: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Maybe, Jeff, to start off, I know in the prepared remarks you discussed sort of a clear mission to drive better volume results through reinvestment, which I know is contemplated in your outlook for '25. And you mentioned prominently the need to improve sort of the value equation for consumers, even mentioning optimizing price points in certain areas, a 20% increase in coupon spending sort of as examples. And I know the consumer measures value in lots of different ways, not just price, so I was hoping to get maybe a better sense of how the mix of incremental spending for '25 is sort of broken out across what would you consider higher-quality sort of brand equity building versus, let's say, more trade or price-oriented spend, particularly as this is such a sort of a hot button topic among investors right now.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah, thank you, Andrew. That's right. I mean, improving value is really the number one mission we have to get competitiveness. If I take a step back and look at this past year, our categories in terms of volume performance and comp performance improved through the first half of the last year, which was -- they were down 2.4% in terms of volume or categories to up 0.5% in the fourth quarter. And I think that's important because as we had talked about previously, there were a few events in the back half of our fiscal year, which we thought would improve category performance and they did -- gradually they did, and that really is the lapping of pricing from a year-ago, lapping of SNAP benefits and the on-shelf availability of private-label and some other smaller brands. And so that indeed took place, and so the job for us to do now is to increase our level of competitiveness. And the fact is that inflation has been higher than longer, higher for longer than many people assumed it would be, not in food necessarily. Actually food inflation is actually coming down. But if you look at the broader macroeconomic environment, we're still seeing inflation of 3% to 4% in the broader environment. And so the job to do is create more value for our consumers. As you rightly point out, that value can take place in a variety of ways. And I guess I would start at the point of brand communication. And the fact of the matter is, we will have a meaningful increase in the amount of spending we have on consumer spending next year. You've probably done the math and seen that our productivity levels are higher than what we see for inflation, so our gross margin should be okay. And so the job to do then is to spend the money there wisely and we start with brand communication. And so we have a meaningful increase, but also again some really good news. I start with pet food and wilderness. We have some new advertising coming up next week. I just saw it yesterday, it's fantastic advertising. We've already gotten life protection formula back to Growth and Tasteful, so now wilderness is a job to do in Pet. If you look at what we're doing in cereal, another big global business for us, we've got great taste news coming in our cereal category. The Kelsey Brothers are highlighting that in the first quarter, but we've got more coming in the second and third quarter, bringing the Doughboy back after a few years, and private-label, they don't have a Doughboy, we do. And not only is it coming back, you've got all kinds of news to share about flakier crust and things like that. So we feel great about that. We've got -- we're sponsoring the Olympics in many countries. And then Totino's has some good marketing. So we feel good about our brand investment. But also, it comes down to the product themselves. We got really good product news, probably twice the taste news that we did a year ago when -- in our categories, taste is really king. And so whether that's flakier biscuits or cheesier Andy's Mac and Cheese, or fudgier Betty Crocker or brownies or reducing sugar in our kids cereals in K through 12. Those are all kinds of great taste news. And our new product should be up somewhere around the neighborhood of 40%, where we're investing in new product activity and really good ones on our big brand. So Fruity Cheerios in the cereal category, Mott's breakfast bars, which are off to a great start so far this year, as well as Nature Valley Lunchbox, which is allergy free that we know the moms really like, Totino's breakfast roll. So we've got really good innovation. And then there is -- there -- so those are a lot of ways that we can add value, variety packs, things like that. But also, we're increasing our couponing by about 20% or so in the beginning of the year. And we have found, because we have a lot of first-party data, which differentiates us from many other manufacturers. We can target effectively with good ROIs, and not every manufacturer can do that, but we have the ability to do that. So we are increasing our coupon spending and we have the research that tells us that it's highly effective when we do that. So we'll do that. Are there some price points we have to sharpen? There are, but there always are. We talked about in pet food, it's wet pet food. We had to get under a price clip, but we didn't have pricing options in other places. And so we feel good about the amount of value that we will create for consumers. And that really is job number one as we look at next year.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. Thank you for that. And then just a quick one, Kofi, the commentary around HMM for fiscal '25 versus cost of goods inflation suggests, as Jeff highlighted, some gross margin flexibility to reinvest. Given the amount of reinvestment you're planning, not just at SG&A, but that reinvestment that goes against gross margin, can -- does your plan, I guess, anticipate that you can at least protect, if not expand, gross margins a little bit for the full year? Or could there still be some gross margin pressure for the full year, given kind of what you need to do across both sort of trade and consumer? Thank you.
Kofi Bruce: Great question. Appreciate the question. Andrew. So I would say we've got enough flexibility that we would see a modest amount of gross margin expansion even with the levels of investment. And the key here is, as we look at the business, we're going to play flexibly with an eye towards investing in growth driving activity, some of which Jeff did an eloquent job of listing off.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. Thank you.
Kofi Bruce: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Hi. Thanks, operator. Good morning, Kofi. Good morning, Jeff. I have just -- I have one question and I guess it's come in a couple of different angles to us this morning. And it really the starting point is just, have you guided low enough for fiscal '25? And I say that in the context of, there's some reinvestment, right, that or increased investment, I should say, that's implied in your plan for this year. If we look back over the last four quarters, it's -- we've been kind of waiting for the -- a term to come around the corner, not that's just General Mills, I think that's true across the whole group. And so it seems like there's just more uncertainty in planning the business this year versus most. And just given the opportunity, right, to give yourself, I guess, more cushion or actually more than that, just more potential money to spend back, why not take that opportunity now?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah. So, Bryan, thanks for the question. The -- you talk about more volatility and uncertainty. I've said that for like you said the last five years, so I'm waiting for the year where we don't have volatility, and the market does continue to evolve, so there's no question about that. Obviously, we think we've given ourselves enough cushion here without being unduly conservative. And the market -- you're right, the market is -- it does continue to evolve. But as I said, we've got really good marketing support. New products are up. We've got really good news on our core brands. And so my expectation is that we would improve our volume performance this coming year, which was down 3% this current year. We would improve our volume performance across our different segments this year. So I know that each of our operating segments, whether it's North America, retail or foodservice or international or pet, are committed to improving our volume performance and our competitiveness. And I'm confident with the level of activity that we have and the news that we have that we can actually do that supported by gross margins that are already good, that are back to pre-pandemic levels already. And as you say, our productivity outstrips what we see as inflation. And so reinvesting some of that to make sure that we have the fuel we need to drive the growth. And we're not counting on a change in the environment necessarily to drive our growth. It really is a change in our competitiveness, and that's within our control. And so we feel good about our ability to do that.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks, Jeff. Maybe just a quick follow on that is, as you've planned this year, what's your expectation on competitiveness? Meaning do you expect competitors to make similar moves? And just how are you anticipating how the competitive environment would set up this year again, given just how dynamic things are?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah. The -- well, I certainly can't speak for my competitors, but we're all looking for more growth. And what's been interesting is that the environment has been exceptionally rational, and it's not -- it's hard for me to see that changing. And the reason I say that is because, I mean, we still have some level of inflation. I mean, we have 3% to 4% inflation. And so in that kind of environment, absent leading levels of productivity like we have, it really begs for an environment that continues to be rational. If you look at the last 12 months, promotional spending is up, frequency is up a little bit, depth of discount is up a little bit relative to the year before. But if you look before pandemic, it's kind of back to that level of promotional intensity. And as I started out, I think it was Andrew asked a question about value, there are a lot of ways to create value for consumers, and we see that I'm sure our competitors do, too. And so we'll be pulling all the levers we can to make sure that consumers know the value of our big brands. A lot of that gets back to the marketing and the product news and everything else.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Stephen Powers: Yes. Hi. Good morning and apologies if you hear construction. There's someone who started drilling as this call started behind me. I guess the question I have to start is you talk about a roughly equal contribution from price and volume through the year at the company level, which I take to mean sort of flat to slightly positive in each case. I guess, is there any deviation from that as you think about the sequencing through the year or across the different business segments or do you expect that sort of roughly equal contribution to be representative kind of across the totality of the enterprise?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah. The -- as we look at it -- by the way, I can't hear the drilling in the background, Steve. But as we look at it, first of all, we talk about price and volume relatively the same as price mix. And I think that mix piece is really important as we look at it. I wouldn't expect undue differential performance from any one of our segments. So it's not as to say we're looking for lots of one thing in one segment, lots of something in another segment. Really, the job to do is really volume growth across the different segments. And I think we have opportunities to improve even in foodservice, which did really well. We have opportunities to improve across the board. In terms of the sequencing. I guess my only comment would be, as you look at the first quarter of last fiscal year, which was the -- which, in terms of sales growth, was our highest sales growth quarter. You see a lot of pricing in that quarter. We're going up against that as we go into the year ahead. And so that probably has an impact on what we see on price mix in the first quarter, which, as Kofi said, along with some reinvestment, makes the comp in our first quarter the toughest of the four quarters in the year. I would expect gradual improvement as we look at our sales and profitability over the course of the year. And gradual doesn't mean it happens even every quarter, but gradually over the course of the year with Q1 being the toughest. I would say that's especially true in North America retail, where the comp from a year ago was quite good. We had a really nice Q1 in North America retail last year.
Stephen Powers: Yeah. Okay. Great. Thanks. And thanks for the clarification as well. On the -- Kofi, maybe going back to where you started or Ken started the call on international, you talked about some of the challenges in Brazil and China in the moment, I guess. Any perspective on how you expect those regions, those countries, those markets to develop as the year progresses? Just kind of what you've embedded in terms of contribution in '25?
Kofi Bruce: Yeah. We are -- to just pick up on kind of Jeff's last point, we are expecting volume improvement in all of our segments, but as we look at international, I think the critical thing for us is Brazil, we certainly see improvement off of this year's performance and are expecting that similarly so with China and then continued strength off of performance in EU, AU and our GEMS markets, which performed really well this past year.
Stephen Powers: Thank you very much.
Jeffrey Harmening: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard from Alliance Bernstein. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Connor Cerniglia: Hello. Good morning. This is Connor Cerniglia stepping in for Alexia Howard. Jeff, I'd like to ask about your ready-to-eat cereal segment. Measured channel data suggests you've experienced a bit more challenged market share dynamics at a time when promotional spend has increased at one of your competitors. Can you talk about how you think about this segment in 2025? And do you continue to see rational pricing behavior or is there a concern on this front? Thanks. And I'll pass it on.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah, I would -- we've seen rational behavior in cereal and I would expect that to continue. Our focus is primarily on our game and our competitors' games. We -- honestly, we feel like we have the best brands in the category, and the key job for us to do in cereal is get back to playing our game. And we had -- we had good new product innovation last year. We had the top-five new products. Actually, I think some of our product innovation this year is better than we had a year ago. I referenced Fruity Cheerios in the first half. We have some good new product innovation coming in the second half, but even more important than that is a lot of the news we have coming on our core brands. And our messaging as I talked about with the Kelsey Brothers. But I also think some of our merchandising like in the back-to-school period, making sure we have a big program with Box Tops, which I'm excited about rolling out, and some taste news we have coming in the second half of the year on some big brands, which I promise the brand teams I wouldn't talk about on this call, but I'm excited about coming. And so our job really is to get back to the core growth on our big cereal brands with really good news and continue the innovation and as good as our innovation was this past year and I thought it was quite good. I think our innovation this coming year has the opportunity to be even better and early returns, would suggests that, that will be pretty good.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Palmer from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Thomas Palmer: Good morning, and thanks for the question. I appreciate based on your earlier comments, you might not want to be overly specific here, but I guess I'll give it a try. If we exclude the inventory reductions and trade accrual, I think organic sales growth was down around 2%. Should we look at this as kind of a starting point as we enter the year? Or are there other considerations we should be thinking about as we move into the first quarter?
Kofi Bruce: Yeah, I appreciate the question. So let me see if I can step back and just, if you will, give me a point of privilege here, I'll try to give you a little bit broader perspective starting at the enterprise and then drilling down to pet and North America Retail. So while we saw the slowdown in organic net sales, I think the critical thing here is we look at our measured retail sales, they're pretty consistent as we move from Q3 to Q4. So as you rightly noted, the big point on the front is three points of headwind from the comparison on the trade expense phasing from Q3 or Q4 of fiscal '23. At the enterprise level, we also saw a modest decline in retailer inventory in NAR and Pet in Q4 versus Q3, where we had a net tailwind. And then I think third and important, I'd reference again the point I made on International that, in Brazil, we had an adjustment to net sales that moved to COGS, which was worth about a point of drag on its own. So in aggregate, about five points of drag from those three factors as you peel it back. And then as you look at it on a segment basis at NAR, that trade expense comparison is about four points of drag. We also had -- we saw the retailer inventory adjustment impact NAR at about a point of tailwind flipping to or a point of tailwind in the quarter of Q4 versus a point of headwind in Q4. And then we also benefited in Q3 from some weather patterns in NAR. Then as we look at Pet, we had about two points of headwind from the trade expense comparison. We also saw retailer inventory reductions in Q4 versus Q3. And then we did have a modest amount of headwind as well from SKU losses in a few key places. So, in aggregate, that kind of gets you the picture. I think the critical thing here is the read through for you as you're thinking about how to look at the quarter. Nielsen's Q3 to Q4, roughly in line.
Thomas Palmer: Got it. Okay. Thank you. And then in the presentation -- in the presentation, you listed M&A above share repo in terms of capital allocation priorities. I had kind of two pieces here. First, to what extent does the 3% share count decline in guidance assume that free cash flow in excess of the dividend is deployed for share repo versus other uses? And then second -- and look I know you've been asked plenty about this over the past year, but could you give us an update on your M&A criteria and appetite from a size standpoint? Thank you.
Kofi Bruce: Sure, sure. So I think I'd first start by acknowledging that our capital allocation priorities have been pretty evergreen. So I think the first is, clearly, we want to make sure we have and allocate investment for capital spending internally for growth, that's roughly 4% is kind of the top number, and we average around 3.5% if you look at the last handful of years. Second, that we are allocating capital for increasing our dividend, roughly in line with our after tax earnings, and again we paid a dividend uninterrupted for 125-plus years. And then third, as you rightly pointed out, M&A. And again, M&A is both episodic and it's not something we built into the plan. But generally, as you look at our M&A patterns, unless we've done something big, which is pretty rare, last big acquisition was Blue Buffalo, most of the acquisitions we do are kind of in that $1 billion to $1.5 billion price range, which we can easily accommodate with a modest adjustment in our share repurchase patterns. So share repurchase remains the most discretionary element, and obviously, we will make changes to our share repurchase expectations as we identify and act on M&A opportunities. To your second point around criteria for M&A, obviously, the critical filter for us that we start first with our strategic priorities, which leads us to look at critical occasions, which would get us to priorities around breakfast and convenience -- convenient meals and snacking, as well as obviously pet food. And I think the criteria for us anchor around places where we can add value. Leverage points around our capabilities that will allow us to unlock faster growth, but also improve margins as we execute transactions. So we've been candidly working with our always on M&A capability throughout the cycle. We continue to look aggressively at opportunities. At the same time, we've remained very disciplined and have very strong filters in terms of both returns and value creation.
Thomas Palmer: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Smith from Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matthew Smith: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to dive in a little bit on the profitability or the profit performance in the Pet segment. You were solidly in the mid-20s even with the volume decline in the quarter. I know you talked about some increased investment behind wilderness as you try to stabilize that business and get it back to growth, but is this a sustainable margin performance in the fourth quarter that we should look to as we look at fiscal 2025?
Kofi Bruce: Sure. Yeah, let me start, I think we benefited this from both a more stable supply chain environment and our ability to drive higher-than-expected levels of HMM even in the face of the volume declines we saw. We continue to have and capitalize on opportunities both to internalize production that was previously external, but also to drive HMM that was frankly less available when we were struggling to supply in the supply chain disruption period. So we feel good about sort of the exit point, what I would, what I think is critical as we look at the business right now is we're very focused on driving improved volume trends. So I think profitability, very competitive, at the 20% plus level. I wouldn't expect that 24% is the level we would necessarily target. We continue to expect to be able to drive strong HMM and much like we're doing at the enterprise, I would say, our focus is going to be on reinvesting gross margin improvement back into the business to drive growth.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah, to back up what Kofi said, I mean, a year ago, we were challenged both on our gross margin and with our sales growth and I'm really pleased with the Blue Buffalo team and the job they have done to restore the margin profile, and we've done a lot of work over the past -- over the past year to do that to get us back into a place where the margins over the last year are roughly 20% or so. And so now the job to do is to -- and that's without volume leverage, and so now the job to do is to really improve our top-line performance, and we feel good about what we've done on Life Protection Formula. We're going to double down on that. We feel good about our Tastefuls cat business, and in the last quarter, we put some more advertising on that. We've seen that business get back to growth. And so we're going to put more fuel on that. And now the job to do -- the next job to do is on wilderness. And we've been talking been talking about it for a little while, but we're putting on advertising on here in July and good levels of advertising behind really good messaging, and so that really is the job to do. And to the extent that we can get Blue Buffalo back to growth, I mean, I think the rest of it will flow quite nicely. We do have good productivity, but the real job to do is maintain these really good margins while accelerating our top-line performance.
Matthew Smith: Thank you. And just a quick follow-up. You talked about some distribution losses in the Pet division, any more detail to add to that? Is that something that remains a drag as we look at fiscal '25 that perhaps keeps volume growth a little less -- a little tougher to achieve as we look into next year?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah, we've had some distribution losses a little bit on trees and a little bit on Wet Pet Food and that was because during kind of the pandemic, there were some other competitors who couldn't supply as well that we couldn't, so we had some extra self-placement and that's rolling-off, but it's really not our big flavors or our big customers. And so even with that, we've seen improved performance on increasingly good performance on our Blue Buffalo business in aggregate if you look at movement. And so even with that, our expectation is for improved volume performance in the coming year for Blue.
Matthew Smith: Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Palmer: Thanks. I'll just follow-up on Pet for a second. I know one of the big areas of focus was the Specialty Pet segment. Clearly, it was a drag into the fourth quarter. Do you -- you talked about in the prepared remarks about revenue growth for Pet in fiscal '25, do you also see that, that Pet Specialty segment also stabilizing and growing in fiscal '25?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah. So I'm not going to get into specific channel by channel, but since you ask, I won't avoid it completely, David. The -- what I would say is that -- what I would see is an improvement in that channel. We've actually seen an improvement in the channel. Now the job for us to do is improvement in our own performance, and it really is about wilderness and about getting our sizing right and about working with the retailers there to improve the performance of wilderness. By the way, they're in on it too. We all want to improve the performance of wilderness, and so we're all rolling in the same direction. And so my expectation would be improved performance for us in the Pet Specialty channel. We'll see what that yields over time. But I feel as if we have the right actions in place to improve our performance in that channel, particularly with wilderness, which is the most important thing to improve.
David Palmer: And just a question on the Baking segment, that seemed to be an area that did very well during COVID. You cited it as one of the areas that was most declining in this quarter. Are you seeing -- I just wanted to get your pulse on that segment and be consumer behaviors around that and make sure that it's not going to be an on-going drag for you in fiscal '25. How are you feeling about that segment and the consumer behaviors around baking and the At-Home occasions that would drive that? I know it's a high-margin segment for you, and I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah. So let me start with At-Home occasions. At-Home occasions are actually quite high, I mean, about 86% to 87% of food is now eaten at home, and given the challenges consumers are facing with inflation, we would expect that to continue. So I don't see a drag on category performance for At-Home eating occasions. So that would be the first point. The second is that the category itself in terms of volume has hung in there pretty well. It's our share position, particularly as we look at Pillsbury that has been the challenge and after many years of remarkable growth, this past year, we saw a return of private-label to shelves some smaller competitors, but mainly private-label. And so this past year, I think is going to be an anomaly. And I think the key for us is really not a change in the environment. The key for us is our change in level of activity. And I'll tell you our plans in Doughboy are quite good. As I talked about, we're bringing the Doughboy back, but also we've got product improvements, taste improvements on things like biscuits, which I think will serve us very well. We have variety packs coming in cookie dough with brands like Reese's and Oreo and Monster Cookies and so we have a really good plan and really good news to share on our Pillsbury business this year. And so it's really within our hands to get us back to growth on Pillsbury, and I feel good about our plans there.
David Palmer: Thanks for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from TD Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hey, thanks for the question. Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Harmening: Good morning.
Robert Moskow: I wanted to know, you and a lot of your peers have shifted the emphasis more to volume, and I'm not denying the importance of it right now. But it is -- it just sounds different than the strategy that a lot of CPG companies have used over the years to create value through premiumization, convenience that's been a way to improve margins and improve mix historically. Can you do both of these things at the same time? It seems like there's a lot of discussion on volume today. And I'm wondering if there's still -- if the consumer can still absorb or accept more premium offerings in this environment?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yeah, Rob, I don't see it as a trade-off between volume and premiumization. I think it's an and, I'll take our Blue Buffalo, which is a premium offering, but Life Protection Formula has done particularly well behind really good marketing, and so really -- that's one when I talked about value earlier, getting back to really good marketing and really good messaging on our big brands is really crucial. So I don't see a trade-off between getting back to volume and premiumization in the categories. I think it's an and. And Pillsbury is another example where it's a premium offering in the category and we've got really good marketing against it. And I think the reason you hear us talking about volume is obviously our volumes were down versus a year ago, and so that's really the job for us to do is to get back to that. But -- and I think you're right to ask, but that doesn't mean that we can't premiumize. So those things are not mutually exclusive. And in fact, I think in many cases, they go together. The key is to make sure that the value that we offer as we think about it is commensurate with the brand itself. And so that's why you heard me talking a lot about the news we have on our big core billion brands because that really is going to be the key to our success. And we talk about value, a lot of people immediately go to price and that certainly is a component, but it's not the component. I mean, if you think about it and when consumers feel pinched, one of the most important things they have to do is feed their families and what they can't afford is waste and the family has to really want it, and so you hear us talking a lot of case, news and things like that in this environment. And so I appreciate the question. I think it's a really good one you hear us talking about volume because, obviously, if that's the most important job to do, but it is not the opposite of increasing premiumization at the same time.
Robert Moskow: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question today will come from Chris Carey from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Christopher Carey: Hey, thank you. I'll just wrap it up with a couple of follow-ups. So number one, Kofi, on gross margins, you said expansion for the full year. In the prepared remarks, you did highlight, however, that gross margin compares harder in Q1, you'll be doing more couponing in Q1, should we expect gross margins to be down year-over-year to start the fiscal year, then improve as couponing becomes more balanced and comps get easier. Apologies if I missed that, but that would be number one. And then second, just the recurring debate throughout the Q&A this morning has been the sales reaccelerate -- or acceleration implied in the outlook. If you just think about SRM, couponing, and perhaps other items, how would you frame the relative contribution of these items to the acceleration that you're expecting in your outlook for the year? So thanks so much on those two.
Kofi Bruce: Okay. Well, let me start. I would just say on Q1, I'm not prepared to get too much more detail than I already have been, which is -- effectively we'd expect the comparison on sales. Jeff mentioned the price mix comparison component of that obviously, and then profit compared, operating profit compared to the same quarter prior year will be a net headwind. So we do expect the complexion of our Q1 to be lower than the subsequent quarters. I'm not going to get too much more detail below that. Obviously, I think implied in our guidance and our expectations is that we're going to use all the levers of our SRM toolkit. So to the point, there's always a lot of focus on the price component of that, and certainly, that is important in this environment, but I think there -- we are using everything from trade optimization to mix will be front and center and focus as we're pulling the levers of SRM. Obviously, as we've worked through this year, it's been clear prices and that price mix has been less of a driver of sales as we've lapped all the pricing from the prior year. But we would expect to continue to use SRM toolkit in its full totality next year. I can't get too much more specific about the components or the complexion at this point.
Christopher Carey: Okay. Thank you.
Jeff Siemon: Okay. I think we'll go ahead and wrap it up there. I appreciate everyone's good questions and time and attention. And as always, we're available for follow-ups throughout the day if you have more questions that you need to get us. So I appreciate the time today and we look forward to catching up soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-03-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Audra and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the General Mills Third Quarter and Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Audra, and good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning for our Q&A session on our third quarter fiscal 2024 results. I hope everyone had time to review the press release, listen to our prepared remarks, and view our presentation materials, which we made available this morning on our Investor Relations website. It's important to note that in our Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. Please refer to this morning's press release for factors that could impact forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of non-GAAP information, which may be discussed on today's call. I'm here this morning with Jeffrey Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; and Kofi Bruce, our CFO. Let's go ahead and get right to the first question. So, Audra, if you can get us started, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next, oh sorry, we'll go first to Andrew Lazar at Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thanks very much. Good morning, everybody.
Jeffrey Harmening: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi there. Jeff, in the prepared remarks you mentioned the expected impact in the fourth quarter in terms of reported results from the lapping of the trade expense benefit last year. If we put that aside, which sort of seems like more mechanical. How do we think about momentum for the company in the fourth quarter in terms of what you'd expect in terms of in-market performance and consumption right as the company looks to really build momentum going into fiscal ‘25? Would you expect sort of an acceleration from what we saw in fiscal 3Q or something similar to 4Q?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes, thanks Andrew. And I would agree with you. The timing of the trade phasing is more mechanical in nature. So I think you're right about that. You know, more broadly, you know, I would say is, I mean, we're encouraged by the third quarter results in the improvement that we saw in underlying performance, particularly the level of competitiveness in the North America retail and improvement we saw in pet. And as we said, you know, said kind of going into the quarter in the back half of the year that there we thought there would be three external factors which would, you know, play a role in our performance. The first was lapping of pricing of last year. We thought, you know, we'd see a benefit from doing that. We're seeing that benefit in the third quarter. The second is that, you know, lapping the reduction snap benefits from a year ago, which we said we'd probably start to see in March and April. And there's a little bit of evidence to suggest that we're starting to lap that and see a little bit of benefit. And then the third would be lapping on shelf availability. And so those are the three factors we've seen, you know, the first play out a little bit in our third quarter results. So we are encouraged. You know, I would say is that outside of the trade phasing kind of mechanical issue you referenced, I mean, we're assuming that our fourth quarter in terms of sales would look about like the third quarter in terms of year-over-year performance. And it's hard to say exactly because we have inventory movements and things like that. But our expectation would be that it would look pretty similar to the third quarter. But I would also say that there are a lot of moving pieces right in the fourth quarter. And we just have to see how those moving plate -- pieces play out in terms of the external environment.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Got it. And then obviously Pet was a significance source of upside to organic sales versus at least sort of street expectations. What really drove the outperformance and I guess more importantly do you see this as sustainable? I didn't know if you had like an all channel consumption number for Pet this quarter and whether you see that sort of continuing to improve sequentially from here? Or should we not get ahead of ourselves based on what we saw on 3Q. Thanks so much.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. Well, the third quarter of Pet results were pretty good, I mean, which is to say that they're better than maybe even we expected. The movement was a little bit better and, you know, paced by a life protection formula, which was up, but also Tastefuls our cat dry business, which also shows some improvement as well -- as well as an improvement in our wet business. We still have a lot of work to do in Pet, and we know that. And particularly with regard to Wilderness and specific channels, what I feel good about the third quarter is what it shows that the area that we put emphasis on, we've seen [Technical Difficulty] and certainly improvement, which tells us the Blue Buffalo equity is good and that we're working on the right things. And on Wilderness, we kind of know what the challenges are and we know what to do to get it back on track, you know, but it's not going to take a month or two to get that back where you want. It's going to take a couple quarters. So I'm not going to get ahead of myself. I don't think it's time to declare a victory on Pet, even if we're encouraged that the things that we have done have seemed to work the way we wanted to. I would note the other thing on Pet is that we drove some good profitability increases in the quarter. Our productivity levels are quite high in Pet, and we had a lot of disruption costs during the pandemic that we've had to get out. And we're in the process of doing that. And you see that in the results in the third quarter. So really pleased by that. We're kind of getting our feet undressed from an executional standpoint. So while I'm encouraged by the third quarter, I think it's probably a little bit early to say, kind of, what's going to happen from here on out, but we do see some green shoots in Pet.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thank you so much.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes.
Operator: We'll move next to Ken Goldman at JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. You know with the understanding it's too soon to quantify or really even discuss next fiscal year. I just wanted to clarify something at first. And that's at CAGNY, I believe you said you were hoping for a year, even though it's too early, that was relatively benign. And with the understanding, again, no numbers at this time, I assume, what does relatively benign mean in the context of your longer term algo? And I'm asking because you have easy comparisons in Pet, you're hopefully still performing well in market. You said previously you'll have H&M savings above 4% or you hope to. Inflation should be you know disinflationary for lack of a better word. You're going to get help from lapping snap. I could reel off a lot of potential positives into next year, but you weren't yet ready to kind of say it would be on algo and I'm just trying to get a better sense of, you know, a month later than CAGNY you're in a little bit of better position to be somewhat more specific about how to think about maybe some of the puts and takes for next year?
Jeffrey Harmening: Well, Ken you reeled off a lot of things we said at CAGNY, so please to hear that. And you're right, the -- you know, when I say, you know, the benign environment, what we hope to be, I guess it would, with regard to a couple of things, you know, hopefully with regard to inflation, we still see an inflationary environment. It's 4% now. It was, you know, double-digits last year, and long-term, it's been kind of 2% to 3% and so hopefully we're headed in the long-term direction as we look at next year we'll certainly give guidance in June on what that exactly looks like. But to the extent we can have a more benign inflationary environment and a supply chain environment we don't see the disruptions we've seen, combined with good productivity, that's a good start. And I think then the question for us, we still really haven't answered yet, even a month after CAGNY, is how exactly are some of these external factors going to play out in the fourth quarter, as we lap SNAP and as we lap on-shelf availability and private label and some of our smaller competitors. Those things are a little bit, I would say too early to call, but I will say the third quarter played out largely as we expected and the benefits of lapping pricing played out as we expected. And so it may be completely unsatisfactory. But I'm not going to comment on F ‘25 at this time other than to reiterate our productivity is good. We've seen inflation is slowing, although there still is inflation, and we'll know a lot more about what to expect out of the top line performance in a couple of months.
Ken Goldman: I knew going in I'd be partially unsatisfied, but that was helpful. Thank you. And then quick follow-up, you mentioned that, and just now, again, you mentioned SNAP reductions coming in the U.S. In a number of states, a decent chunk of those reductions have already been lapped. I don't know if your data would show this, but I don't mean to put you on the spot, but is it fair to say that you've seen improvements in these states? Or is it just a little more complicated than that? I'm just trying to get a sense, because so much of what you're talking about depends on a little bit of that macro and how consumers react?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes, the answer to your answer -- the short answer is yes and yes. And I'll explain, I mean, the first yes is that, yes, we have seen a small benefit in the states where we've lapped the SNAP benefits. And so we have seen that. But I think it's important to remember a couple of things, one, that'll take a while to play out. It's not as if there's one event and it just kind of happens and there's a cliff change. The other is that that benefit is not huge. I mean, there is some benefit, but it's just not a -- it's not a huge benefit. The other yes is you said there's some complicating factors. And the answer is of course, I mean, because we're lapping pricing and pretty soon we'll have on-shelf availability changes. So there's just a lot of factors in the environment that make it a little bit noisier than a perfect correlation. But the short answer is we're seeing a little bit of benefit in the places where we've lapped the SNAP so far.
Ken Goldman: Thank you so much.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes.
Operator: We'll move next to Max Gumport at BNP Paribas.
Max Gumport: Hey, thanks for the question. So first on Pet, it looks like the action plans you discussed for the Pet segment last quarter are starting to bear fruit. So on wet pet food specifically, I think you inflected from a minus double-digit decline in 2Q to growth in 3Q. I was hoping you could talk about any early signs of success you might be seeing with these more value-oriented multipacks? And how they may or may not inform your view of what the '24 pound bag could be doing for Wilderness over the coming quarters in pet retail? Thanks.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes, I would say on the wet pet food side, we certainly have seen improvements, you know, whether it's all the way back to growth or not. I mean, I'm not sure it's all the way back to growth, but it's -- but we certainly have seen improvements and we've importantly, we've seen the improvements in that in the wet pet food business in the places where we got our price points back in line with what we thought would be beneficial. So that's good. We haven't gotten them back everywhere yet. So that's still a work in process. And I think that'll play itself out in the fourth quarter. But we are encouraged that the actions that we took that we thought would have a benefit are having the benefit that we thought. And so some like Yogi Bear there. But that is -- so that feels good. How that relates to 24-pound bags of Wilderness, I guess, I would say on Wilderness, I think it's going to be more complicated than just that. I mean, we need to do -- we need to get back to advertising Wilderness with a message that's going to resonate to consumers. We have some ideas on that. We're working on that now. That'll be important. And then working with the Pet Specialty channel in particular, where Wilderness has had a challenge and they want to work with us and we want to work with them. And so that's positive, but we have some more work to do in that channel. And then there's some SKUs that we need to bring back. So I wish Wilderness were as simple as getting 24-pound bags in, but I think it's going to be a little bit more complicated than that and take a little bit longer. But we are encouraged by the fact that what we have diagnosed on wet pet food and then the actions we have taken have largely played out the way that we thought.
Jeff Siemon: Max, this is Jeff Siemon. I just add a point on the -- you mentioned you know net sales on wet food were up and that we didn't include that in our prepared remarks. That was true. They're up modestly. There's some inventory differences as you look at the individual sublines. So retail sales on wet food are still down. They're moving. They're better, but we still have some work to do to get them all the way to bright. But you were right that from a net sales standpoint, they were up slightly in the quarter.
Max Gumport: Yes, I think I saw that in the slide deck. And then one follow-up would be just given the clean balance sheet and the continued emphasis on portfolio reshaping, I think it's safe to assume you're actively looking at acquisitions. I think past commentary would suggest you're focused on snacking and pet food categories and also businesses that play in your eight-core geographies? That said, I'm just curious, given some of the recent industry news, how you might view Ice Cream, especially knowing that it is one of your global platforms? Thanks, I'll leave it there.
Jeffrey Harmening: No, sure, thanks for -- I appreciate the question. Yes, on portfolio shaping, we really haven't changed our approach to portfolio shaping. We were pleased with what we have done and the 20% change we've made so far. We also know there's more to do both in terms of acquisitions and divestiture to get back to the growth levels that we're looking for. But we've been looking for a while, and you know, it's important to note that we have been and will be very disciplined when it comes to looking at acquisitions. And you know, we're only going to do things that make sense for the shareholders, not just to chase a growth goal. And we remain disciplined over that over the years. And the place that we're looking at things that will be growth-accretive. And certainly, you know, Pet is a place that we like, you mentioned snacks. There are some meal categories we like as well. And so there are a number of places where we could go that would be either in categories we're in or tangential to categories and geographies where we feel like we've got some competitive advantages. I'm not going to talk about the recent announcements in Ice Cream specifically, I'll leave that to our competitors. I don't talk about M&A and particular deals. We like our Ice Cream business. I mean, Haagen-Dazs is a great brand and that's a super-premium brand and it's growing nicely. It's good in Europe, it's really good in Asia, and so we, you know, it's one of our five global platforms, so we obviously like the category, but particularly we like Haagen-Dazs. And that is a super-premium brand that's playing in growth spaces and we feel very good about that brand.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Chris Carey at Wells Fargo.
Chris Carey: Hey, good morning. So, just one follow-up and another question. Jeff, you mentioned in response to Andrew's question that fiscal Q4 revenue should look similar to Q3. Were you referring to the consumption or actual organic sales growth in the quarter?
Jeffrey Harmening: I was referring to the consumption growth, because as we look at it, because of the timing of some of our expense phasing, there were probably about a 3 point headwind on what we report. But I was -- what I was referring to was the consumption, which is really the most important piece. The others, not that it's not important, but it's an accounting catch-up and mechanical in nature, as Andrew suggested. So what I was referring to was the sales out, if you will.
Chris Carey: Yes, perfect. Okay. That's what I thought. And Kofi, just on, you know, clearly sales were better-than-expected. Gross margins, I think were a bit light relative to street expectations, namely given positive pricing, easing inflation, strong productivity. Can you just expand a bit on maybe some of the key factors in the quarter that offset some of those positives? I think, you know, inventory work down, the volume deleverage relative to the year ago growth? Just any context on those items and how durable they might be into your Q4 and potentially a bit more medium term? Thanks.
Kofi Bruce: Yes, sure. I appreciate the question and I think you've got the plot on the key drivers. The only thing I think would be helpful to add, just to give you some additional perspective, is that the inventory absorption, which was frankly one of the side benefits of supply chain stabilization as we've been able to take down our levels of inventory we're carrying and while that was a benefit to working capital and cash flow it was about a 70 basis point headwind on gross margin, which I think would probably close most of the gap that you're referring to.
Chris Carey: Okay, perfect. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Jeffrey Harmening: You bet.
Operator: Next is Rob Dickerson with Jefferies.
Rob Dickerson: Great, thanks so much. So this might be just kind of a broader question. You know, I know within NAR, I guess, kind of calling out a little bit more pressure, let's say, in meals and baking and snacks. Then maybe there's a little bit more strength in other areas. So I'm just kind of curious, like broadly speaking, right? Now that we've kind of gone through what we would all consider a fairly material pricing phase. Have you seen any kind of, like general shifts, let's say, in this category consumption? You know, like consumers seem to be, kind of, consuming more -- a little bit more here than they used to relative to other areas? I'm just trying to kind of consider any types of shifts and kind of the value proposition, some of your brands, and also just the category positioning? Thanks.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes, I'll start with. Let me start in a little bit different place and I'll work my way back maybe to your question. I would say one of the shifts we've seen since the beginning of the pandemic is more food consumption at home. And so food consumption at home is a couple points higher than it was going into the pandemic. So roughly about 86% of food is served at home. And the reason for that is because food served at home is such a great value. And it's about 4 times less expensive to eat at home than it is to eat out at a restaurant on average. And so as Americans have felt the challenges with inflation, part of the way they deal with value is that they eat food at home rather than out. And obviously, we were a great source of value when it comes to that. That's actually probably one of the biggest shifts. Interestingly, private label shares are about the same now as where they were before the pandemic. In the categories that we're in, private label is about 10% of the category. In fact, they're down 10 basis points from when the pandemic began. And overall, food and beverage is about 19 points. And so we haven't actually seen a big shift when it comes to value there. When it comes to specific categories, one of the things I'm most pleased with our performance over the last few years is our ability to hold our growth share in half our categories over that time. And so that's so it's broad-based. And, you know, we've seen some big gains in our business, like Pillsbury, refrigerated dough, which has done quite well and, and meals and baking over time. The same with fruit snacks. Both of those businesses are up 60% over the last few years. And we've consistently gained market share in those businesses. Obviously we haven't in Pillsbury this year, because private labels getting back on shelf, but over the course of time. So we feel really good about that. We've had some struggles in bars as you well know. But I can say one of the things I'm pleased with as we look at our business now, Nature Valley is back to growing share. And it was even before one of our competitors had a big recall. So it's not a recall induced kind of activity. We've had some good new product innovation in Nature Valley. Our marketing is working in Nature Valley. I think we shared some of that at CAGNY. And so that's one category where we had struggled where we feel like we're getting a little bit of momentum. And then, you know, on yogurt too, it's an area where we have struggled as well, but we, you know, we have done well. We've got yogurt protein out there right now, which is off to a nice start. And so, but broadly speaking, I would say we haven't seen huge changes category by category in consumption.
Rob Dickerson: All right, fair enough. And then just quickly, you called out in the prepared remarks, just a little bit of pressure, maybe from the consumer in China and also Brazil. And you just kind of give us the quick kind of stay of the union, what you're seeing in both countries. That's all. Thank you so much.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes, sure. In -- you know, in China, the biggest factor in our -- we did say that the biggest factor in our China business, I think it's important to note, is in our Wanchai Ferry frozen dumplings where a year ago, Chinese consumers were kind of on lockdown. And so there was a lot of at-home consumption. So we're lapping that. And so the comparisons are very, very difficult. And that's the biggest driver of our challenges in China, if you will. The other driver, though, is that we have had the store traffic in China is down a little bit from where it had been before. And I think that's probably a function of the Chinese consumer feeling the pinch of an economy that has slowed down over the past year. And so, but the bigger driver is actually the Wanchai Ferry dumplings. And in Brazil, it's kind of similar to the U.S. for the point now we're lapping pricing from a year ago and our hope is we start to see the Brazilian -- our Brazilian business start to stabilize here over the coming quarter or two. That's been the big challenge. They've seen huge commodity price increases in Brazil. And so our input costs have gone up quite a bit in Brazil. And we're lapping those now in Brazil, kins of, as we are here in the U.S. And my hope is that as we head into our fourth quarter that we start to see our comparisons, kind of, ease a little bit.
Rob Dickerson: All right, super. Thank you so much.
Operator: We'll move next to Robert Moskow at TD Cowen.
Jacob Aiken-Phillips: Good morning, everyone. This is Jacob Aiken-Phillips on for Rob. Two quick ones, so I understand the trade timing 3% impact this year in 4Q. But last 4Q, you talked a lot about inventory reduction headwinds, and you said about 3% then. So did you ship ahead in 3Q? Or is there some other factors that we're missing?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes, in the -- let me answer that to the best of my ability. But if I didn't get the question exactly right, ask it again and that I'm not trying to avoid it. I would say in the third quarter, we had built inventory a year ago. And this year was pretty benign, I would say. Our -- if you look at our Nielsen data in North America retail, you see a 2 point difference. Some of that is due to the fact of unmeasured channels, we're growing faster than measured channels and only the balance of it is inventory growth. So our inventory is in a good position as we head out of the third quarter. And as we look at the fourth quarter, it's tough to say what's going to happen. You're right, last year, we blood inventory, several points worth of inventory in the fourth quarter last year. And so you may ask, well, does that mean you're going to build it this year or not? The answer is I'm not really sure. It's really difficult to predict inventory changes. What I would say is that we feel like we're in a good place as we end the third quarter with our retail customers, whether that's in North America retail or whether that's in Pet. We don't have too much inventory, but I think we have enough. And so what to -- we're not expecting any change in the fourth quarter. And to the extent there is a change, we think it would be modest, but we'll let that play itself out.
Jacob Aiken-Phillips: Yes, you got the question. Thank you. And then, [Kofi] (ph), another one is, so reduction in incentive comp. I know you have the trade timing headwind in 4Q, but -- are there any changes to your expectations of investing in media or in the brands going into 4Q? Or is it how you're expecting last quarter?
Kofi Bruce: No, I think -- I appreciate the question. I would say one of the things that worked really well, and I want to make sure it didn't get lost in the strong profit performance in the quarter is that we have continued to invest behind our brands at a mid-single-digit rate. I wouldn't expect that to change as we go into Q4 even as we're driving better-than-expected profitability in a year in which we've seen obviously some top line pressure. So -- from where I sit, I think what you're hearing is we'll continue to keep our foot on the pedal. I don't expect a material change. So I'd expect around the year out somewhere in the mid-single-digit range of increase on our media, which will put us comfortably ahead of our top line expectations.
Jacob Aiken-Phillips: Thank you so much.
Jeffrey Harmening: You bet.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Palmer at Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Hi. A question on North America retail and what you're looking to see from that segment as you think about fiscal 2025. Obviously, that's a key high-margin segment, and there's some big categories that make a lot of money for you in that segment. And I'm wondering, for those of us that are watching the scanner data and thinking about how you'll be thinking about the business and whether you can be sort of on Algo for fiscal '25? What should we be looking for that will give you that confidence? For example, do you need to see volume approach flat year-over-year? Are there a couple of categories that you're reviewing a little bit more closely than others.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes, I would say, you know, on -- without giving guidance to fiscal ‘25, still trying to kind of answer the tone of the question. I guess, I would say we'll look for continued improvement in North America retail and hopefully, we'll see it in Pet too. But North America retail since you asked about that, hopefully, continued improvement. We saw a little bit in the third quarter, and we'll see about what happens in the fourth quarter, particularly in volume improvements. And we'd hope to see that broadly. I mean, of course, we always look at the cereal category and what we're doing there and snacks in Mexican. Some of our big categories, but I would say that would be broadly speaking, that's what we're looking for. So we'd like to get back to a position of growth as a company, and we're going to continue to invest to do that to make sure we invest in marketing to make sure we grow. And so in a year where we hope productivity is still strong and we talked about earlier, and inflation is still there, but hopefully, relatively benign. Hopefully, we can reinvest some of that productivity back into marketing spending, so that we can continue to grow the top line of the business, because we've been very good in the middle of the P&L. The biggest challenge, obviously, this year has been with growth. And so it's really important for us as a company and not in particular, but everybody really to get back to growth.
David Palmer: And then you were talking about early signs of a SNAP -- lack of SNAP subsidy headwind, I should say. What are you seeing? Is there -- is that something you're seeing in the last week or two? Is it specific to certain categories that you think are a little bit more family oriented or meal oriented? I mean what are you seeing there? And thank you.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes, the first thing a couple of important points about SNAP, I said them earlier, but I'm going to reiterate, because I think they're important. The first is that -- we have seen a little bit of a benefit, but it's not going to be a step change. It's not going to come in and, frankly, week-by-week, and it will roll in over time. And the benefits we're going to see from those are going to be modest. I mean, there may be -- we think there will be a benefit, but I think they're going to be modest in nature. The other thing I guess the other context I would add, and I'm not going to go category-by-category, but the benefits do accrue category-by-category. And so they're not going to be even from one category to the next. And so as we look at it, yes, we'll aggregate them because that's the easiest way to do it. But some categories are different than others. And certainly, when you're serving families as we do some -- for our portfolio, those are categories that tend to benefit from SNAP benefits more than others.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Pamela Kaufman at Morgan Stanley.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi, good morning.
Jeffrey Harmening: Good morning.
Kofi Bruce: Hi, Pam.
Pamela Kaufman: Just in thinking about some of the headwinds that may be abating over the couple of quarters, do you have an estimate of how much you think that Snap may have impacted your overall growth or industry growth? And also just the improvement in on-shelf availability, how much of a tailwind can that be to your growth outlook?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. I think, Pam, I'm not going to -- this would be unsatisfactory, so I apologize, but I'm not going to try to quantify either one of those two things only because there are so many there are so many moving pieces. We've got -- we are lapping pricing as well in the external environment. But I would say the SNAP benefits are pretty modest. They're there, but they're pretty modest. But look, I'll take a modest benefit at this point. The on-shelf availability should also provide a modest benefit to us. But again, that will be over time and it won't be a one-time event. And that will really start kind of the end of April, beginning of May, we would start to see the benefits of that into our first quarter. And so I think as we talk to you in June, hopefully, we'll give a little bit more satisfactory answer about kind of what we're seeing because we will -- we have seen both of these things play out for a period of time.
Pamela Kaufman: Okay, understood. And then just on corporate expense, on a pretty notable reduction year-on-year. What's contributing to that? And should we be extrapolating these levels going forward?
Kofi Bruce: I appreciate the question. The primary driver in the quarter was a reduction in our incentive-based comp accrual as we obviously are tracking a lower top line performance and comping last year. where we had to increase it pretty sizably on outstripping our top and bottom line performance last year. So I expect this to be a benefit that we'll see specific to the quarter. The other item is related to our recall insurance recovery, which we booked in the quarter. So those are specific to the quarter, and I wouldn't expect that to be part of the base expectation going forward.
Pamela Kaufman: Okay, thank you.
Jeffrey Harmening: You bet.
Operator: We'll go to the next question from John Baumgartner at Mizuho Securities.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Jeff, I wanted to come back to the value-seeking consumer. And in North America retail, the areas where volumes have still been lagging. You look at cereal, go, frozen snacks where category pricing is up one-third to 50% in 2019. What can we do at this point? Any levers left to maybe enhance the volumes that are a bit more independent of the macro. I mean can you go to the pack change as you're doing in pet, can you innovate or market consumers into higher prices? Or is it just that some categories overshot on pricing, relative to what consumers can bear and now it's down either taking prices the other way or just waiting for consumers to grow into these levels financially?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. Thanks, John. A couple of things I would say. The most important thing I would start with is that what you see in all the categories you mentioned, is a significant change in input cost inflation. So we've been the recipients of quite a bit of inflation over time. More than 30%, in fact, I think, is 32% over the past three years or so. So the cause of prices going up really has been input cost inflation and the prices that we received. As we look category-by-category, we don't think we're out of line to where we were pre-pandemic actually. And I think as important as consumers seek value, they seek in a variety of ways. The most important way are the benefits that our brands provide. And so part of the reason that we continue to invest in media and marketing and will continue to do so is that our brands have value and what they provide materials, provides heart health. And Pillsbury provides quick, easy, convenient meals at dinner time. And so that's the most important thing. But then more specifically, consumers also look at value in different ways when it comes to pricing and some want to buy in bulk. So it'd be going to a mass store to buy big boxes of cereal, for example, for the lowest price per ounce, where they'll be buying 80 packages of fruit snacks at a time at a warehouse store. Otherwise, they feed the soccer team. Otherwise, they may be stopping off at a dollar score store, a discount store to buy a one pack at a time. And so there's not one monolithic consumer. Every consumer looks for value in their families in a variety of different ways, including trying to feed their families at home. So we don't think that our pricing has gotten ahead of inflation. In fact, it hasn't. And we feel good about where we are in the categories. I think what we have to do is lap some of the one-time on self-availability, things we've seen now, we've lapped pricing. And once we do that, we feel good about our ability. And I think you see that in the third quarter. We -- in North America retail, we grew market share in about 45% of our categories in the third quarter, which is a significant improvement from what we had seen in the quarter before. And hopefully, as we lap some of these other factors, snapping on self-availability, we'll see continued improvement.
John Baumgartner: Alright. Thanks, Jeff.
Jeff Siemon: Okay. I think that's all the time we have. Before we wrap here. I think I'll pass it back to Jeff for some closing comments.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. So well, thanks, everyone, for the time this morning. I guess I would start by saying we're encouraged by our third quarter results, particularly improvement in competitiveness in our categories. We're competing effectively and we thought that we would. And a lot of this is driven by lapping some pricing from a year ago and our ability to continue to execute well. We have innovated well. We have grown distribution. We have done -- we're executing our plan well. As we look to the fourth quarter, I mean, there are some timing issues as we talked about with expense -- the timing of expenses. But broadly speaking, we would expect our third quarter sales to kind of play out in the same magnitude that we saw in the third quarter. And our goal really now is to gain some -- regains some top line momentum as we continue to be very disciplined in the middle of our P&L. And we think that combination of factors will serve us well. We'll see how it plays out. There are a number of factors in the coming months, including this lapping of the SNAP benefit as well as on shelf availability and we'll be able to come to you in June with certainly a clear picture of what we expect in fiscal '25 and what some of those benefits are that will lap over the coming couple of months.
Jeff Siemon: Great. So we'll wrap it there. Thanks, everyone, for the time this morning. Feel free to reach out if you've got follow-up questions throughout the day. Have a good day, everyone. Thanks.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2023-12-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the General Mills Second Quarter F ‘24 Earnings Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, December 20th, 2023. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Vice President for Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Dina, and good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning for our Q&A session on our second quarter fiscal 2024 results. I hope everyone had time to review our press release, listen to the prepared remarks and view our presentation materials, which were made available this morning on our Investor Relations website. Please note that in our Q&A session this morning, we may make forward-looking statements that are based on our current views and assumptions. Please refer to this morning's press release for factors that could impact forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of non-GAAP information, which may be discussed on today's call. I'm here with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO, and Kofi Bruce, our CFO. So let's go ahead and get to the first question. Dina, can you please get us started?
Operator: Of course. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thank you. A question on North America Retail margins. They've been impressive in spite of the volume declines we've been seeing. Do you think that the segment margin can hold near these levels given what's going on with volume trends? And, I guess, a couple of factors I'm thinking about is, some of your high margin categories, like dough, might be a negative mix effect, but then again, you're talking about accelerating productivity gains. So, curious about the margins for that segment?
Kofi Bruce: Yeah. David, thanks for the question. Just to rewind a bit, we've seen the margin improvement, to your point, largely on the backs of really strong HMM delivery. So, one of the features of this environment has been sort of the stabilization of the supply chain environment, which has allowed us to step up HMM more acutely on this business than our other segments, and also to get at some of those disruption related costs. We've made really strong margin progression gains on this business on the backs of those two things. I expect that to abate a bit here as we move forward, just as a result of having already gotten out a good chunk of those disruption related costs. So, on balance, I see this business poised for more stability in aggregate.
David Palmer: And then with regard to the pet business, maybe, is there a comment you want to make there about what the biggest fix will be from here? Wilderness, for example, has been relatively weak, but what do you think the best earliest fixes will be for that business? And what are some of the long-term things you're looking to do to improve the trajectory? Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: Yeah. Thanks, David. This is Jeff. I would say in the presentation we shared four things we're working on and a couple of the things we know that we can improve upon to improve the profile of the business. And two of them where we feel good about, and that's important, because it shows that the Blue brand is still strong. And so, as we look at Life Protection Formula, we've changed our advertising on that, and the business has responded nicely, and we've seen steady improvements there. We have changed the merchandising on our Treats business, and while it's not all the way to bright, we've seen significant improvement throughout the second quarter on that business, and yet the results are still not what we want to be. And so that leads to what needs to come next. And I think there are really a couple of businesses that we need to improve. One is our wet business and our wet pet food. And so, you'll see us introduce some value and variety packs in the back half of the year starting in January, and that -- we'd like to see improvements in that. And then the biggest fixes, which will take a little bit longer and they're kind of interlinked, but they're not the same. One is Wilderness, and we really need to reposition the Wilderness brand and do some work on that, and that'll take a little while to get back to full health. The other is that, we have -- the pet specialty channel in itself has not done particularly well. We over-indexed in that channel, and there are some things we can probably do to perform better in that channel, even while we keep investing to grow our food, drug and mass channel, which we're quite pleased with the results and online with the results. The other thing I guess I would add is, we did have -- as we look at the back half of the year, the reason we're not saying recovery or stabilization is that, in the back half, we had shipments ahead of sales last year and so we're lapping. That's particularly true in the third quarter. And so, even to the extent we see some stabilization in the sales trends in pet, the reported net sales are going to lag that because of some inventory build in the back half of the year. So, those are the things that we need to do. Some of them are underway, and we like what we see so far. And there are a couple more that we really need to work on. It'll take a little bit longer.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Good morning, everybody.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: And, Jeff, I wanted to maybe chat a bit about -- I realize as you've talked about in the prepared remarks, the company has some EPS flexibility despite the weaker sales in the form of lower sort of compensation expense versus last year. The HMM, that's been stepped up, some more share repurchase versus your sort of initial expectations. So, I guess, my question is, is 2024 a year where maybe the company perhaps should lean in even more and maybe be a little less concerned about sort of a specific EPS range, if you will, in order to set it up -- set the company up for more sustainable sort of growth in 2025 and beyond? That's a question I'm sort of getting a lot this morning, so I just wanted to get your thoughts on that if I could.
Jeff Harmening: Yeah. Andrew, I'm glad you asked, and I appreciate the fact you're getting a lot. I think, it's a really important question, because our job is to maximize long term shareholder return, not any particular quarter, frankly, even any particular year. And so, one of the things that we -- as we look back over time when the consumer is stressed and the results are harder to come by, one of the things we've seen successful companies like ours do is reinvest for the future. And that comes in the form of consumer investment, but also investment in capabilities, things like strategic revenue management and performance marketing and automating supply chains and things like that. And so incumbent and included in our results is an increase in consumer spending, even though we've guided down on our sales for the year, we'll still invest in consumer spending and we're still investing in all of the capabilities that we know will drive our growth, not only for this year but in years to come. And then that's with regard to growing revenues, but also maintaining our discipline on HMM and automation and using AI in our supply chains are going to be important parts of that as well. So, one of the things I want to make sure you can tell your investors is that, while our profit guidance is still 4% to 5% growth on EPS, that's inclusive of making sure we maintain our reinvestment in the business. And we're able to do that, because our HMM levels are very high right now. We're taking out the cost from our supply chain. And as you mentioned, our admin costs are declining.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks for that. And then just on -- a bit more on the faster competitor normalization of shelf availability comments that you made in the prepared remarks. Is it an issue in a specific category or is it more broad based? And is it General Mills actually losing shelf space, or really just others now having better availability in the slots that they have? And what have you seen that mean for promotional intensity or not? Thanks so much.
Jeff Harmening: All right. Andrew, I'm going to try to address all those questions and if I miss one, come back, because I didn't mean to...
Andrew Lazar: Will do.
Jeff Harmening: Because I didn't mean to skip.
Andrew Lazar: Will do.
Jeff Harmening: On the on-shelf availability, when we put our guidance together for this year, I mean, we grew at 10% last year and original guidance was 3% to 4% this year. And so we knew that on-shelf availability would be a headwind for us, because frankly our supply chain held up a lot better than our competition did a year ago. And so, we calculate, we factored that into our guidance for this year. But the fact of the matter is, on-shelf availability for our competition increased a lot faster, particularly private label and small players, faster than we had anticipated. Importantly, they're now catching up to our on-shelf availability. And so, we've actually improved our on-shelf availability this year. So, it's not as if we have gone backward. We are -- our on-shelf availability is higher now and you can see that out, because we've reduced our disruption cost. It's just that our competitors have increased quite a bit now, have kind of drawn even with us after trailing for like four years. So that's the first part of the question. We anticipated it, but not the rate of change. In terms of the -- and we'll lap -- we'll start lapping that really in kind of late April and May of this year. So, that's when we started to see this impact. In terms of distribution, one of the things -- our teams across the board, certainly in North America Retail are really executing well. Our share of distribution is actually up, and so there's not a problem with our distribution. In fact, the opposite. Our distribution looks good. And I will say that I'm really excited about our innovation in the back half of this year, which I'm hoping will bolster that further. We've got good innovation in cereal. We've got good innovation in yogurt and soup and Old El Paso and Haagen-Dazs. And so, as I look across our big billion dollar businesses, our innovation lineup is really good and, frankly, better than it was last year. And so, as we look to the next half of the year, I think, we can see our distribution continuing to build. As to what it means to promotional, the promotional environment, it's been a very rational promotional environment against some thoughts to the contrary. We have seen the number of promotions pick up this year, as we expected, because of on-shelf availability. Importantly, we've also seen the quality of the merchandising, specifically the quality of merchandising that we get, has also accelerated. And because the quality of merchandising has improved for us, we've seen the lists we receive, but also the ROIs we receive have been better than they were a year ago. But importantly, and this is a really important point, even though the level of merchandising has increased in frequency, it has not increased in depth. And even the frequency is still below where it was before the pandemic, and the depth of the promotion is well below. So, yes, we're seeing increased levels of promotion. We expected that. And, frankly, the returns are better, because of the quality of merchandising that we're seeing.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thank you so much, and have a great holiday.
Jeff Harmening: You too.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. When you visited New York a couple of months ago, you mentioned that you may lean in a little bit harder to share repo. So I don't think today's announcement on that line item was a huge surprise. But, I guess, I'm curious you've also spoken about your ongoing desire to be flexible for potential strategic acquisitions. And I'm just wondering, is there any read through from your willingness to purchase more shares than you initially expected into how you kind of see the ripeness of M&A opportunities, I guess, in today's market?
Jeff Harmening: Yeah, Ken. This is Jeff. Let me start with that question, and Kofi, if you want to add any color or commentary, that would probably be helpful, too. But the fact that we've repurchased more shares in the quarter than originally anticipated, the beginning of the year, is not a reflection of a change in how we view capital allocation. We're investing quite a bit in the business and then increasing our dividend. And then, if we see M&A, we'll certainly do more M&A. And if not, we said we repurchase shares, which is what we're doing. And, importantly, our net debt to EBITDA levels are in a good place. And so, to the extent that we see something that we think can create shareholder value in terms of portfolio reshaping, we're more than capable of doing that. So, what you've seen is really a reflection of our executing against the capital allocation priorities we already stated.
Kofi Bruce: And I think, Ken, the only other thing I'd add is, just to state one of the obvious, sort of, underlying points, we're getting additional leverage out of our repurchase activity. So, dollars are going further because of the pressure, obviously, on the stock, and as much as the stock has come down since the beginning of our fiscal year. So, that's also amplifying the impact in terms of the diluted share count and the acceleration into the front half of the year. But, I think, I'd reiterate Jeff's point. We expect to have more than ample flexibility for M&A should we see the right project or set of projects. None of the things we're doing on share repurchase, we would expect to take our leverage above 3 times net debt to EBITDA.
Ken Goldman: And then changing subjects. One of the more appealing elements of pet food as a category has been the high level of switching costs, especially in premium, where there's less price sensitivity, too. Just curious, though, given some of the challenges facing Blue, is it fair to wonder if maybe the cost to switch isn't quite as high as we all thought, and that premium isn't quite as protected? Or do you think maybe, hey, we're just in a unique time when the specialty channel is kind of lagging at the same exact time that the consumer is suddenly worse off?
Jeff Harmening: Yeah, Ken, that's a fair question. I think, there are two things at play here. And one of them you pointed out. But I'll start in another area. As we look at the pet food business, the feeding business, and certainly that was a majority of the business we bought when we bought Blue Buffalo is feeding is relatively inelastic. And when we see that with our dry pet food, both cat and dog food performance, the -- but treating, and we bought into that when we bought the pet food business from Tyson a couple of years later, that is actually more elastic and is more of an impulse purchase. And that's why when you see the economy as it is, people trading down to less expensive treats, if they're still treating and treating a little bit out of treats, because they're trying to economize on that, but they stick with the feeding. And so, the first part of the question is -- the first part is that the feeding part is actually not more inelastic than we had thought the -- but the treating is more elastic. The second piece is, it's a combination. You say, I mean, I don't remember the last time we've seen 30% increase in cost over three years. And while it's relatively inelastic, it's not completely inelastic. And so, the combination of the tremendous increase in input costs combined with the pet specialty channel where we over-index, there's no question that those two things have had an impact on our business in the short term. But importantly, as we look over the five years we've owned the business, we've doubled the business. The Blue brand is really strong. When we execute well against it, whether it's on Life Protection Formula, advertising or holiday treats or things like that, we see the business really respond well. And it's very clear to us this humanization trend is going to continue, and that Blue is well paced to capture that over the course of time.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Nik Modi: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. On the promotional, I wanted to follow up on the promotional comment. One thing we're hearing from retailers is, the lift doesn't seem to be as good as we've seen historically, Jeff. So, I just -- I was hoping you can just comment on that? And is that something you're seeing in the marketplace? And does that kind of maybe be a -- send a signal that perhaps absolute price points have become too high? I just love your comments on that.
Jeff Harmening: So, when we talk about historical, it kind of depends, Nik, on what we mean by historical. I don't mean to be cute with this, but if we look relative to where we were a year ago, what we see is our lifts have actually improved vis-a-vis where they were a year ago. If we look to see where the lifts are versus where they were four years ago, they're not quite at the levels of where they were four years ago. And I don't have a fact that I can point to as why exactly that is the case, but I would tell you that neither we nor consumers have seen inflation the way we've seen it over the last few years, and consumers are still getting used to new prices in the marketplace. And I suspect whether that's food or gas or rent or any number of things, that is absolutely the case. And it will take a little while for consumers to settle into what new price points are to the extent we continue to see inflation, which we do, even if at more modest levels. So, Nik, I would say that relative to a year ago, we're pleased with the progress of our lifts, but relative to historic pre-pandemic, they're a little bit lower. And I wouldn't surmise that it's the consumer catching up to a new reality.
Nik Modi: Great. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi. Good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Pamela Kaufman: I had a follow up question on the guidance for this year. Just wanted to see if you could walk through the puts and takes of the updated outlook. So, your org sales outlook implies about $800 million less in sales this year at the midpoint versus before. But you narrowed your EBIT growth guidance slightly compared to your prior expectations. So, can you just walk through -- I know, you have the higher HMM savings, but where else are you finding offsets in the P&L, because HMM wouldn't seem to explain the full impact on the lower impact on EBIT changing?
Jeff Harmening: So, Pam, Kofi and I are going to tag team this. Let me talk about that. Let me talk about the revenue, and then Kofi is going to take the rest of the P&L side. On the revenue side, the way I think about our guidance is that, in order to hit the lower end of our guidance, so let's call it minus 1%, that would indicate that we'd see a continuation of the top line performance we saw in Q2, and -- which would indicate a little bit better volume and a little bit less price/mix than we saw in the second quarter, but in absolute terms, about the same as we saw in the second quarter. The higher end of our guidance, which suggests that the categories get a little bit better, which we think they certainly could, due to lapping the SNAP emergency reductions from a year ago in January through March, and from our lapping pricing activity from March and April of last year. So, those two things combined with a little bit better share performance based on the out-of-stock situation changing near the end of the year. We could hit the top end of the guidance we suggested, but that kind of brackets the top line. I'll let Kofi talk a little bit more about the profitability.
Kofi Bruce: Sure, Pam, and thanks for the question. I would just note that the HMM adjustment is pretty significant. As a reminder, the past two years we've delivered below our historic levels of kind of 4% [and] (ph) 3% for each of the prior two years due to the supply chain disrupted environment. We're now on pace to deliver 5% against an early expectation of 4%. That is the biggest single contributor. But we are seeing improvement in our inflation, but not significant enough to change the routing. So, that's a modest contributor as well. But the other component in gross margin is the supply chain related disruption costs. So, as I mentioned earlier, one of the features of this environment is supply chain stability has allowed us to get at some of those embedded costs we took on to operate in this environment. And we've made sequential improvement over the last four quarters on this in -- most acutely within our North America Retail business. And then, lastly, the adjustment of our incentive off of last year's peak level. So, as you know, last year, really strong year performance, historically high levels of incentive-based comp, which is variable and based on the top and bottom line projections as that's both normalized at the start of the year to a base expectation of planned targets. And now as we take the top line down, that's almost $100 million in reduction in admin expense. So, as you take all of those, that gives us the confidence to keep within the range, albeit a little tighter as volume expectations come in from the top of the year.
Pamela Kaufman: Thanks. That's very helpful. And just a follow up question on gross margins. They're now back to pre-pandemic levels. So, how are you thinking about the potential for gross margin expansion from here? On one hand, you have the benefit from HMM, but I'm assuming there will be some volume deleverage. So, how should we expect gross margins to progress? And do you kind of see them at the right levels here?
Kofi Bruce: Yeah. Well, okay, I think implied within our guidance would be a little bit less gross -- operating margin expansion, bolstered obviously by gross margins in the back half as we see a step down, a sequential step down in the contributions from price/mix as we lapped last year's SRM actions fully by Q4 of this year. I just note we've made significant progress at the gross margin level, bolstered in part not just by HMM these past two quarters, but in part by the disruption costs that I mentioned earlier, 170 basis points, 120 basis points in the back half of last year and the first half of this year, respectively. So, I would expect we'd see more normalized levels of gross margin expansion going forward, kind of off of this base. There's still a little bit more disruption related costs to get out, primarily in some of our other businesses outside of NAR. So, that will give us a little bit of tailwind. But to your point, given the volume environment, that's largely going to go to offset the impacts of deleverage.
Pamela Kaufman: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is coming from the line of Matthew Smith with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Matthew Smith: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to follow up on the elevated level of HMM savings here in the year. You mentioned, it's a step-up relative to the prior two years where it was a bit lower because of inflation and supply chain issues. But how much of the elevated rate here this year is a pull forward from savings that you would expect next year? Or, I guess, that's another way of saying just how sustainable is this elevated rate of HMM savings as you exit fiscal 2024?
Kofi Bruce: Look, I would expect that if the supply chain environment remains stable and continues to stabilize even a little further, we will have the ability to deliver at least in line with our historic levels of about 4% HMM, 4% of COGS. I would expect that the contributions from getting out some of those other disruption related costs that sit in COGS to decrease a bit here as we've gathered a good chunk of them on the back of our NAR business and as we see maybe a smaller base of costs in the other three segments. So, all things equal, I think 4% would be a good long-term estimate for us to migrate back to, provided the supply chain environment continues to cooperate.
Matthew Smith: Thank you, Kofi. And Jeff, maybe a follow up about your share performance as you begin to lap the rebuild of competitive distribution, which I believe you said that begins to move into the base as you exit fiscal 2024. You're holding and gaining share in the majority of the distribution of your category. So, would you expect your dollar market share performance to improve as you lap that competitive rebuild? Or are there other concerns like consumer value seeking behavior or list price gaps that may need to be addressed as the share of shelf normalizes?
Jeff Harmening: Yeah. One of the things that I'm most pleased with is that, over the last five years, particularly in North America Retail, we've gained share in 60% of our categories and we continue to execute well. And the key to our success, once we start to lap the on-shelf availability and once we lap the pricing activities from March and April, will be to the question that Andrew posed, which is making sure we maintain our brand building support and really good brand building, make sure we execute against what I think is really good innovation and continue to execute in store. And if we do those things, and I would expect us to do those things, then our share performance will certainly improve over time. And, hopefully, as we're exiting this fiscal year and beginning next fiscal year, we'll see that happen. Interestingly, our dollar share performance has not been what we needed to be. In terms of pound share, we are growing pound share in about 40% of our categories. And that's because even though our pricing trailed inflation, so we responded to inflationary pressures, we're actually more agile than our competitors. And so that provided us a dollar share benefit last year, and this year it's a headwind. But we are growing pounds here in roughly 40% of our categories.
Matthew Smith: Thanks, Jeff. I'll leave it there and pass it on.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: Just wanted to -- have a couple of follow ups on the shelf availability. You said it's improving for competitors. Would you say that there's still headwinds to come there, or is that sort of all caught up to a normal level? And then on the promotional sort of dynamic related to that, you gave some color on how that environment looks. But just given your guidance update, it would seem like strategically you'd rather take a little bit of the volume hit than push promo much harder. I suppose, first, is that a fair characterization? And what would make you lean in more on the pricing side?
Jeff Harmening: On the on-shelf availability, I mean, the competitors have kind of caught up to our levels, and that's been pretty stable for the past few months, and I wouldn't expect that to accelerate. So, I think we've seen a stabilization in that. Now, we'll see that their on-shelf availability kind of -- which is equal to ours, I'll remind you, so, actually, we're doing quite well. So, it's equal to ours. We’ll see -- they will see that benefit for the next three or four months until they start to lap it a year from now. And so, while it is stabilized, we'll see some of our competitors see a benefit for that for the next few months, and then they won't. In terms of the pricing environment itself, I'm not really going to get into specifics of future pricing. What we do see is that, I think, importantly, we see an inflationary environment ahead of us. I know there's been talk of deflation in some cases, and that may be true for things like commodities like milk and eggs, but it's certainly not true for restaurants. Their inflation is actually outpacing ours, and we see inflation in the low single digits. You look at the category pricing and it's somewhere in the 2% to 3% range. So, we see continued inflation even at a lower level. And, usually, pricing tends to follow inflation, because that's the basis on which we increase prices if we see an inflationary environment. And so, the -- as we look at trade-offs, I mean, our job is to create long term value for shareholders, and we do that by serving consumers, and we'll do that by making sure that our brands are strong and by innovating and making sure the products are available when and where people want them.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's really helpful. And just one quick follow up on pet. You had mentioned the retailer inventory destocking and characterized it as a temporary headwind. Is that just because there is only so low they can go, or do you expect it to reverse?
Jeff Harmening: I do not expect it to reverse. I think, there's only so low that it can go. And we may see a reduction again in the third quarter, because I suspect that our sale -- our reported net sales are going to lack our sales out to consumers. And so, we may have not have seen the bottom of that as we look at our third quarter. But it really is more of -- I don't see a rebound in inventory levels, especially as some of our retailers specifically look to manage their working capital.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Chris Carey: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Chris Carey: So, just a couple of quick follow up for me. I guess, number one, and I think you've been clear about this, but maybe just to put a bow on this, I mean, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that price/mix will remain positive in fiscal 2024. I'm not sure if I'm reading too much into this, but is there an expectation that price/mix could turn negative in any given quarter ahead, near or medium term because of mixed dynamics or potentially some step up in promotional activity? And just, secondly, Jeff, you mentioned an expectation for some improvement in category growth, is any of that just associated with lapping SNAP benefits as you get kind of deeper into your fiscal Q4?
Kofi Bruce: I'll take the first part of that question, and then I'll let Jeff get you on the second. So, look, our expectations on price/mix are really built around the fact that we'll be sequentially stepping down as we lap pricing actions that we took throughout last year. We should fully lap those by the time we get to the end of the fiscal year. We're not expecting any of the quarters to deliver a negative price/mix, but merely just a step down in the contribution from price/mix to total RNS.
Jeff Siemon: Chris, this is Jeff Siemon. One point I'd add there is, what you're seeing over the last couple of quarters is mix, even at the segment level, is more of a headwind, as for example our pet business is growing slower than the other parts of the business. That's a high price per pound business. As our food service business, which is low price per pound, is outperforming. And so, there are mix elements within the segments that do depress the overall enterprise price/mix.
Jeff Harmening: And when you ask a question about growth at the category level, I mean, there are a couple of headwinds. One is just a little bit of consumer behavior and feeling the economic pressure and a little bit less discretionary spending. And I don't frankly know when that will turn around. Consumers are certainly still stressed right now. They feel the impact of inflation over the past few years, and we certainly understand that. The thing that we -- that's more discreet really is the lapping of the SNAP emergency allotments benefits from last year. And those kind of go state by state, but they took place last year between January and March. And that may be a one-point benefit to the categories that we're in. And so, it's not a heroic increase, but certainly a stabilization of the categories. And we'll start to -- as I said, we'll start to lap that here in the next month or so throughout our fiscal third quarter.
Chris Carey: Okay. Helpful. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Jeff Siemon: Okay. Unfortunately, I think that's all the time we're going to have this morning. Thank you for all the good questions and discussion. Appreciate your time and attention. And we will look forward to catching up in the new year. In the meantime, happy holidays to everyone. And please reach out if you have any follow ups to the IR team. Thanks.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. I ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-09-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the General Mills Q1 Fiscal '24 Earnings Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded on Wednesday, September 20, 2023. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Siemon, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Frank, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our Q&A session on our first quarter fiscal 2024 results. I hope everyone had time to preview our press release, listen to our prepared remarks, and view our presentation materials, which we made available this morning on our Investor Relations website. It's important to note that in our Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are based on our current views and assumptions. Please refer to this morning's press release for factors that could impact forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of non-GAAP information, which may be discussed on today's call. I'm here this morning with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; Kofi Bruce, our CFO; and Jon Nudi, Group President for our North America Retail segment. So, let's go ahead and get to the first question. Frank, can you please get us started?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. You mentioned that consumers have been shifting purchases to customers and channels, not necessarily tracked by Nielsen. I'm just curious, as this trend has taken place, have you seen any of your more traditional tracked customers, I guess, those [FDM] (ph), kind of leaning more into price to try and retain traffic and tonnage? And if they're not yet, is this something maybe we might expect to see just given past history?
Jeff Harmening: So, Ken, this is Jeff Harmening. You're right, we did see increased traction in non-measured channels in the first quarter, and we'd expect that to continue throughout the year. But Jon Nudi, why don't you give a little color commentary on that?
Jon Nudi: Yeah, absolutely, Ken. So, we did see non-measured channels grow at a double-digit rate in the quarter, which obviously drove [RNS] (ph) ahead of movement a bit for NAR. As you look at traditional grocery, we've seen frequency up a bit, about 5%, but price points up dramatically versus pre-pandemic and we continue to invest in our SRM tools and, as a result of that, we don't expect to see deep discounting. As we model, our retailers model, it just doesn't add up at the end of the day. So, we are seeing a bit more frequency, but price points up versus pre-pandemic for sure.
Ken Goldman: Got it. And then, thank you for that. I guess, quickly the Street's modeling, just looking at 2Q, low-single-digit organic sales growth. Is this kind of a reasonable range within the context if you're not providing quarterly guidance? Just trying to get a little bit of color there, especially in light of scanner data, maybe suggesting that performance in NAR is heading downward a little bit in recent weeks. I just didn't know if that's what you were looking for.
Jon Nudi: Yeah, so...
Jeff Harmening: Yeah, Ken -- go ahead, Jon.
Jon Nudi: Go ahead, Jeff.
Jeff Harmening: Yeah. So I think -- first of all, you're right, we're not going to give guidance on a quarter either for the segment or for the company, but I will give you some -- a little bit of color commentary on the year and the guidance, because I think that's probably is important. I mean, importantly, as we look to 3% to 4% sales growth, I think it's important to remember that -- to know that we don't really expect a huge rebound in our Pet business for the rest of this year and due to all the factors we've talked about. Yeah, I will say, as importantly our Foodservice business is growing nicely, and we see continued growth in that. And our International businesses is up really nicely as well. Yes, we had Häagen-Dazs recall that we were lapping and Häagen-Dazs responded nicely, up 20%. That's not the only thing growing. Our European business was up double-digits and growing 70% on our Bars business in France and our India business, our Distributor businesses are also growing. And so, I think it's important to note that even while Pet didn't quite meet our expectations for the first quarter, it's going to be challenging this year. We have two other big segments that are going to do quite well. As it comes to NAR, we're executing really well on NAR. I mean, our distribution is up, the quality of our merchandising are up, our new products are doing well. And you might say, "Okay, well, then what happened to share performance in the first quarter?" And I guess I just remind you that, our first quarter is our toughest from a share perspective given the pricing that we're lapping and our competitors gains that they've made in getting their supply chains back up in order. NARs were already really good, NARs are improving too. So, as we look at the rest of the year, in NAR, for those listening, we do expect our volumes to improve. Importantly, they don't have to get to positive, they just have to improve from where they are now, and part of that is really going to be gaining share as pricing gets lapped, as the competition, comparisons get tougher and [indiscernible] get easier because of this supply chain challenges. And we think -- look with all of that happening, as we continue to execute well, our NAR business will continue to get better throughout the year.
Jon Nudi: Yeah. And the only thing I might add some color on is on-shelf availability, so Jeff touched on that, and our on-shelf availability is better this year than last year, and that's great. What's remarkably different is, our competitors, and particularly private-label. So, if you look at private-label on-shelf availability in categories like grain and RBG, it's up 10 points year-over-year. So, while that was a tailwind for us where we are on the shelf and private-label wasn't, it's a headwind this year. That comp gets better as we move throughout the year and that will help us as we expect to see sequential volume improvement.
Ken Goldman: Makes sense. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Please proceed.
Robert Moskow: Hi, everybody. Thanks for the question. I wanted to know -- I guess two questions. You had some very significant marketing investment in first quarter, but this is a very tough volume environment. And I wanted to know what's your plan for marketing investment for the rest of the year? And do you have -- would you keep the same amount of pressure on, or would you change tactics mid-year if you're not getting the volume that you expected?
Jeff Harmening: Yeah, Rob, first of all, this is Jeff. Welcome back. Good to hear you again. And Kofi, you want to take this?
Kofi Bruce: Yeah. So, you're correct in noting, Rob, that we were up double-digits in the first quarter on our media spend. I would expect for the balance of the year, based on everything we see right now, we would expect our media spend to grow at least in-line with sales. In this environment, I think it's important for us to put support -- brand support behind quality ideas still, and especially so as we see the environment stabilize.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Can I ask a follow-up? Your snacking business has improved in the quarter. It had some ups and downs. And in the press, you have mentioned as being interested in a major snacking company. As you look at your M&A objectives, is snacking a key area in which you want to expand and possibly through M&A?
Jeff Harmening: Yeah, Rob, so this Jeff. Clearly, we're not going to comment today on rumors or what has or hasn't transpired in the marketplace, no matter whose transaction it is. What I will tell you is that, for us, our objectives with M&A really haven't changed. I mean, we've been very consistent, maybe boring over the last couple of years. And then, we will look to add about 50 basis points of growth if we can through both acquisitions and divestitures. There are things that will be bolt-on in nature, by which I mean, we can use our current capabilities and our knowledge of channels and technology in order to generate more sales growth and some synergies. And we do have the balance sheet in order to be able to do that. What I will also remind you is that, we've also said we've been disciplined, and we are discipline. And so, to the extent we see something that we like on acquisitions, we will certainly do that, but only if pricing that makes sense for our investors. And so, I want you to know that no matter what's transpired over the last little while in M&A, our position hasn't really changed. And that includes -- I've also read a commentary, our food company is looking at M&A now because their volumes are down, the answer is no. I mean, we don't play the short-term game when it comes to M&A. We go get brands we like. We hold them for a long time. We grow them. We've been doing that for 165 years, and we'll continue to do that. And so, what isn't going to be the case is that we see volumes going in a certain direction, therefore we have to make up that gap, that's really not part of our plan.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Makes sense. Thanks, Jeff.
Jeff Harmening: Yeah, thank you, Rob.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thanks very much. I guess with a slower result expected in Pet sales for the year versus initial expectations as you've talked about, I'm curious if this impacts your sort of Pet capacity expansion plans in any way. You, obviously, got a lot of work underway in trying to get capacity going and bringing a lot of that in-house over the period -- or the course of the next year or two. Does that get any impact -- does that get impacted in any way? And I guess, another way of asking it is, do you still see sort of Pet as a sort of high-single-digit type of sales growth driver over time for the overall portfolio?
Kofi Bruce: Sure. Appreciate the question, Andrew. This is Kofi. Look, I think -- I'll start with the back end of your question first. I think we're still bullish on the long-term prospects for the Pet category. As a reminder, it's a $44 billion category. It's supported by 1% to 1.5% pet population growth. And we do think the prevailing trend over the long term will be humanization, which will drive growth, and in particular, benefit premium brands like Blue Buffalo. I think in the short term, we aren't making dramatic changes to our capacity expansion plans on dry dog food. I think it's important as we think about that capacity coming online late this year, we won't -- like, we won't see the benefits this year. We would expect that it will give us longer-term benefits and at a minimum being able to steer more production to internal capacity, which will also help with margin reconstruction on this business over the near -- intermediate term. So, we still feel good. We're still bullish and a net investor on this business and on capacity, and certainly for the long-term strategically.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. And then, Jeff, I know you and others are certainly talking about the expectation to see improving sequentially volume trends as we go forward just as the industry gets back to maybe a more normal cadence of sort of marketing and merchandising expanding now that service levels are back in a better place and such, which -- it seems logical certainly. But what I still don't, I guess, have a lot of clarity on and maybe because it's the lot of little things that add up, why do you think that broadly industry volumes are still sort of where they are even as pricing is starting to lap? And maybe it's just a matter of timing and these things don't always line-up perfectly in a linear way. But I know there's been lots of different reasons, people were traveling, now they are back at home or back to school, or people hunkering down a little bit. I'm just curious if what you're most sort of up-to-date thinking on that might be. Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Yeah, sure, Andrew. We spent quite a bit of time on this and it's very clear to us that there are three broad reasons. And so, there's not one thing. I mean, there are kind of three broad reasons for what we see in the marketplace now, especially as one looks at Nielsen trend. The first, we touched upon this a little bit earlier, but we do see quite a bit of growth in non-measured channels. We're up double-digits in NAR in the first quarter in non-measured channel, for example. And so that is certainly a piece of why you see Nielsen data as it is. The second would be that food away-from-home, not necessarily in restaurant, restaurant traffic has been pretty flat, in fact, quick-service restaurant traffic has been up, so there is a move toward value in restaurants, but that traffic has remained relatively flat. What has changed is that we've seen a reversion back to people being mobile and more education and healthcare and hotels and lodging and that sort of thing, which I think is logical. In fact, if you look at the movement data through airports, it's up year-over-year. Now it's only back to pre-pandemic levels, but it's quite a bit year-over-year. So that would kind of corroborate that thinking. So that's the second reason. And the third is, there's probably as we've seen another kind of recession -- we're at a consumer recessionary period, even though technically we're not in a recession, consumer behavior trying to economize, and so that may be going into smaller sizes and things like that, which in the very short-term, [detox] (ph) a pantry, but people aren't eating less, and we don't anticipate that they will eat less. In fact, what I would say is, as consumers start to get squeezed, what generally happens is people move more at home. And now the cost of eating out is roughly four times what it is eating at home and so as consumers get more squeezed and as people get into their normal routines in the fall, we would think that at-home eating would probably pick up a little bit. We'll find out. But that's what we think and those are the three factors that is very clear to us are driving the current environment.
Andrew Lazar: All right. Thanks so much.
Jeff Harmening: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. Thanks for slotting me in. I have another question on Pet, but not top-line, instead looking at margins. Input costs have been stubbornly onerous for you in Pet, not just you, it seems like the industry at large. The rate of inflation has been a lot higher and for a lot longer. What's driving them? And what's the forward? Like at what point do we start to get some relief there and get to a point where maybe you can get some margin recovery? And the second part of my margin question, I know you expanded treat capacity coming into this year with a third-party vendor. Obviously, you don't need it, and with what's happening with treats, is that a take or pay agreement? And is that also a contributing factor to your margins? And if so, how big and how long will that headwind persist? Thank you.
Kofi Bruce: Sure. Thanks for the question, Jason. Just a couple of thoughts. So, I think on the first, as you sort of take the frame on the year, given all of the challenges, the mix of business, we don't expect the operating profit margins to improve this year. As you think about the structure of inflation, some of the same trends that are driving stickiness in human food inputs are there and present, and probably more so on some of the pet inputs, in particular, the conversion costs, which are heavily factored labor, and in particular in the inputs in pet food. So that -- until we start to see that trend come off, I wouldn't expect to see any near-term relief on the inflationary pressures on our input basket for pet food. I think on supply chain, our external suppliers, we generally have a pretty flexible structure. So I mean the benefit of the way we structured those contracts as we need the capacity, we can get access to it. We don't have a hard floor fixed-cost structure, where we would be paying if they weren't using it.
Jeff Siemon: Jason, this is Jeff Siemon, I would just add on that second point, we were able to close down an internal [manufacturing] (ph) factory, so we weren't adding capacity to the system, we were just reshuffling where that capacity on treats specifically was located, and this supplier is -- we have a strategic partnership. We have our HMM cost savings program built into that contract. So we like what that can do for us from a profitability standpoint on that business.
Kofi Bruce: And that's actually a lower-cost alternative to the internal production in this case.
Jason English: Got it. That's really helpful. I appreciate that. And one more question on margins. Foodservice, it dipped sequentially. So, historically, looking back, there's not a lot of seasonality there, but we've seen margin slip for two consecutive quarters and we're now at 11%. What's driving the sequential dip? Is there anything unique about this quarter? Or is this like 11% rate, something we should take to the bank for the rest of the year? Thank you.
Kofi Bruce: No, I would expect that we will see margins improve on this business. I do think one of the big factors has been the volatility in flour pricing as we've worked through this environment, which is a significant -- has been a significant headwind in the deconstruction of margins. So that's been a put and a take as we've moved through the past several quarters, including the last couple. I think long-term, the challenge and the opportunity on this business will come from stabilization of the supply chain, giving us access to a more stable HMM delivery. We are seeing that come through closer to our historical levels in the mid-single-digit range on this business, and we'd expect that it had -- the pricing benefits from last year's significant pricing will also help buoy margins as we move through the back of the year.
Jason English: Thanks a lot. I'll pass it on.
Kofi Bruce: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed.
Chris Carey: Hey, good morning, everyone. So just on the Pet business, you noted SRM and pack size would be one of the methods that you're using to kind of like stimulate sales. How long does it take to get those right pack sizes in market? And is SRM your current thinking kind of exclusively or are you starting to think about any pricing adjustments beyond just pack size and just overall SRM?
Jeff Harmening: Yeah, Chris, on the -- good questions. On the Pet business, we're doing a couple of things. First -- and someone asked this question earlier about the amount of marketing spend, but also what we're spending it on. What we're spending it on, the first thing I would say is that we're going back to some more hard-hitting advertising that really gives pet parents a very rational reason to believe why Blue Buffalo feeds them like family. The equity is held up well, and we think in this environment, direct comparative advertising on why exactly pet parents should pay for Blue is really important. So, we're going back to that. That's the first thing I would say. On the pricing itself and price pack architecture, we're doing it along several lines of our products. I'll give you just a couple of examples. In our dry pet food line, we didn't have a medium size. We had a lot of large sizes, but not some medium sizes. So, we're introducing those. And those start rolling out now, but it takes a while for them to get going. The same would be in treating. We are introducing some sizes, hit some more entry-level price points. That doesn't mean lower margin for us. It just means lower price points so it's good for pet parents. And then, in wet food, we're looking at some variety packs and things like that, which would probably be more weighted toward the back half of the year. So those are just a few examples of things we are doing to make sure that consumers understand the value. What we're not going to do is disrupt the value proposition of Blue Buffalo, which is a premium brand. And consumers know it as a premium brand. We spent lots of money and lots of years making it the best brand in the premium part of the category. And what I can assure you we'll do is not disrupt that.
Chris Carey: Okay, very helpful. Just one quick follow-up. In the press release, you noted that gross margin had benefited from favorable mark-to-market. Can you just remind us of the typical hedging strategy [and where you sit] (ph) for the year? Basically trying to understand where there might be some variability if we see any moves in. Thanks a lot.
Kofi Bruce: Sure. So, as a reminder, our adjusted gross margin, obviously, does not include that mark-to-market benefit, so that is an effect of our gap reporting where we do not get the hedge accounting treatment on our commodity hedging programs. As a reminder, we're generally trying to hedge out at the beginning of the year about 50%. So, given where we are in the year, we're about 65% hedged across all of our four businesses and across all the inputs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks so much. Maybe we just move to cereal for a minute. It sounds like just from various sources, I believe yourselves included, there's not necessarily a tremendous amount of growth expected in the category over the next few years. So, Jeff, it's probably easier to kind of comment on the category, maybe reverting, right, back to kind of pre-COVID dynamics, but at the same time, I felt like during that period of time, there was some acceleration for General Mills specifically, just speaking to the quality and the power of the brands. So, you own Cheerios, Cinnamon Toast Crunch has done really well. So, I'm just curious, because you think forward, next year, next three years, kind of like why even state that you would think that category might not grow kind of relative to overall food, just as a reminder. And then, just secondly, just given the power of your portfolio, like within that dynamic, like I guess what's the conviction level and your ability to continue to gain share like you've done for, let's say, the prior seven years or so? Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: Yeah, thanks, Rob. Let me provide some commentary and then, Jon, follow up as necessary. The first reminder I would let you know is that cereal is still the number one item to eat in the morning for breakfast. And it's almost 20% of breakfast eatings, I think it's 19%, so that's here in the U.S. So, it's still a highly consumed item in the morning. We've been doing very well in cereal. As you noted, we've grown more than 20% over the last five years. We've gained share, I think, five years in a row. We have the two biggest brands in the category in Cheerios and Cinnamon Toast Crunch. We have almost 50% of the category's new product volume and -- I think it's 47%, and four of the last five big items are from General Mills. So, we're innovating well. We're developing, our equity is well. We continue to grow. And so, my expectation for our cereal business is that we'd grow a little bit every year and hopefully take a little bit of share every year, but keeping in growth. What everybody else does, you'll have to ask the rest of the competitors in the category. But we like cereal. We like our brands. I love how we've been competing. So Jon, anything you want to add to that?
Jon Nudi: I think you hit it well. I mean, at the end of the day, we believe in cereal, and we think it's a great category. As Jeff said, it's the most widely eaten breakfast in America today. As Jeff mentioned, we've been really performing well across the board, and we -- plan to continue to do that. As Jeff said, we don't need to grow a lot, we can grow a little bit and really like the way that the business runs for us and the P&L looks as well. So, we're going to keep investing. We're more excited today about cereal than we were even a decade ago. As Jeff mentioned, grew shares six of the last seven years. We're the clear share leader today. And again, never have been in the history of the category into the last five years or so, and we'll keep investing and keep growing the category. The other question we get a lot is, what happens if one of our major competitors gets more focused? And what we would tell you is that's actually a good thing. If you go back through history when the two major competitors in the category are supporting the category with marketing as well as innovation, the category does better. So, we hope that everyone comes to play and we can continue to grow those categories we move forward.
Rob Dickerson: All right, super. And then just a quick clarification question on Pet. A lot of the commentary is really around like Pet not really improving that much, as we get through the year, given the drivers relative to Q1. I believe last year, that in Q2, you did have a fairly pronounced inventory de-load. So, should we be thinking that kind of starts to revert out some to provide some tailwind to your volume dynamic in Q2 specific to Pet? Or is it basically maybe there was some de-load and then maybe a little bit of reload in Q3, but maybe some of that inventory is just kind of now being sold through kind of as normal without maybe the more traditional kind of year-over-year rebound from the dealer, if that makes sense? Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: It makes sense. I guess what I would say is that one of the things I've learned about Pet in the short five years that we've owned it, first of all, it's a great category and brand, we've doubled the business, but also trying to go quarter-by-quarter on a business with this much e-commerce and everything else is a tough way to go. So, I'm not going to try to prognosticate what happens. But you do bring up the point. We had an inventory de-load last second quarter, that is true. We're going up against that. But it's also true that inventory is very quite a bit. And as the business has slowed down a little bit, inventory tends to come out of the system. And so, we'll see what happens in the second quarter. But we're not anticipating a big rebound in the second quarter from what we saw in the first quarter for -- in order for us to hit our guidance.
Rob Dickerson: Got it. All right. Thanks so much.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Please proceed.
Max Gumport: Hey, thanks for the question. As the industry starts to return to quality merchandising and with your own display support up mid-single digits, we're hearing that the lists associated with some of these events, especially end cap displays, aren't proving to be as incremental as it might have been anticipated. We're wondering if you're seeing this dynamic and also what you think is driving it. Thanks very much.
Jeff Harmening: Jon, do you want to comment on that?
Jon Nudi: Yeah, absolutely. So, as we look at merchandising [at large] (ph), I mentioned earlier, we see frequency up a bit, mid-single digits, but still down about 10% versus pre-pandemic levels. One of the things, as I mentioned before, we've invested in SRM capabilities. Our competition has as well and our retailers have also. So, as all of us are modeling the various pricing actions we can take, I think some of the tactics are different than maybe what we were doing pre-pandemic. I think we all know that driving deep discounts actually drives dollars out of the category and drives profit out of the category as well. So, what you're seeing is maybe more frequency at higher price points and as a result of that, maybe the lift on each deal isn't higher. But at the end of the day, when you add up all of your merchandising across the year, a little bit more frequency with higher price points actually drives more dollars for the category and our retailers and more for us as well. So, you are right, we're seeing slightly smaller lifts off of higher price points. But at the end of the day, we believe it's a good thing for a category. And again, the big difference, I think, versus maybe in the past are the SRM capabilities that all of us have delivered -- or developed and pretty sophisticated models now that we all can have a real good conversation with retailers on what to expect from a merchandising performance.
Max Gumport: Makes sense. Thanks very much. I'll leave it there.
Jeff Siemon: Okay, Frank, I think we're going to wrap it up there. Appreciate everyone's time on the call this morning. I know we didn't get to everyone, so please feel free to follow up with any questions throughout the day or the coming days. Look forward to continue to connect with you, and we'll look forward to speaking again next quarter. Thanks so much.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-06-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the General Mills Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal '23 Earnings Q&A Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, June 28, 2023. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Malika, and good morning, everyone. Thank you so much for joining us today for our Q&A session on our fourth quarter and full year fiscal '23 results. I hope everyone had time this morning to review our press release, listen to our prepared remarks and view our presentation materials, which were made available on our Investor Relations site. It's important to note that in our Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. Please refer to this morning's press release for factors that could impact forward-looking statements and for reconciliation of non-GAAP information which may be discussed on today's call. I'm here with Jeff Harmening, Chairman and CEO; Kofi Bruce, our CFO; and Jon Nudi, Group President for our North America Retail Segment. So let's go ahead and get to the first question. Malika, can you please get us started?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first one question is from the line of John Baumgartner with Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
John Baumgartner: Good morning, thanks for the question.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning, John.
John Baumgartner: Maybe just to start off, just big picture Jeff. I wanted to come back to this transition you're speaking about in the environment in this new fiscal year. Last year, you made some pretty material investments back into the business. And with those now in the base and conditions getting back to normalizing, how are you sort of adapting and evolving those resources? I know there's a lot there. There's innovation, quality, promo, productivity. But how do we think about the next steps for growth and what a more offensive strategy looks like for mills going forward?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, John, thanks for the question. And I'm glad to take a half a step back. I mean, if you look at our last year, I mean, I think it's important to remember that, we grew sales at 10%, operating profit at 8% and EPS at 10% while investing in the business, double-digit growth in marketing and double-digit growth in capabilities. And so the -- as we look ahead, and our guidance also reflects our continued investment in growth. If you look ahead, we're going to be on track of our metrics on sales and operating profit and EPS and ahead of our long-term algorithm for dividend growth, which reflects the strong year we just had as well a confidence in the year ahead. So as we -- you're right, we've been investing for growth. We'll continue to invest for growth while we continue to drive higher levels of productivity, which you saw in our release and while supply chain disruptions get less, which, again, allow us to drive gross margin, which creates a really good flywheel for growth. And so as you take a step back from last week's Nielsen data, what happened this last quarter, we feel great about the year and we feel confident about the year that's going to come up. And I think that confidence stems from the fact that we have been agile in the last few years. And it's not an accident, we've grown share in the majority of our categories each of the last five years, and it's been hard work and good marketing. And as we look at the growth ahead, one of the things we're excited about is that the freeing up of supply chain and the normalization of supply chain gets us back to the kind of productivity we've been looking for and gets us back to getting rid of some of the pandemic era costs. But more importantly, freeze the rest of the organization up to get distribution to drive the innovation. We've got a really good new product innovation this coming year. And then finally, that's our marketers market, and we've got really good ideas. And so we feel good, and I appreciate the step back.
John Baumgartner: Great. Thanks Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open now.
Ken Goldman: Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to ask a little bit about the decline in retail inventory. I'm just curious we get a little bit of color on which of the categories that maybe felt the biggest impact this particular quarter. And I guess also, it's certainly encouraging to hear that the worst is over, as you see it when it comes to this particular temporary headwind. But I think for some of us on the outside or at least me, it does feel like a little bit of a red flag, right, that maybe end user demand isn't quite as strong as what you had hoped. So I appreciate that your customers are trying to get their inventories into a better place. And we're just not necessarily hearing that from many of your packaged food peers. So I'm just curious what gives you the confidence that it's not necessarily a General Mills specific dynamic that's happening there? Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, Ken, this is Jeff. Let me start off with kind of how I see this broadly and then maybe Jon and Nudi can provide some commentary specifically. But -- and look, I respect the fact that the factory inventory decline was a surprise given our strong deals and trends, and we feel great about our movement trends. And we did have a five point headwind in this quarter, and we didn't see that coming when in the quarter began. So that is true. What I'm pleased with is actually we were able to hit our guidance on profitability and exceed margins and EPS despite the fact that we had this big headwind. We don't see this as a General Mills-specific trend, and we don't see this as something going forward. It truly is a couple of big customers were trying to get their inventories back to a good place and which I understand, the carrying cost of inventory is higher, interest rates are up. They're trying to work their balance sheets. And so in retrospect, perhaps it shouldn't have been a surprise, but it certainly was an order of magnitude. I don't see it as a red flag for us. And I'm not - I don't see it actually as a red flag for the industry as well. But I want you to know from my chair, is something that's kind of behind us and it's not General Mills specific. But Jon, if you have any specifics you want to add?
Jon Nudi: Yes, absolutely, Ken. So as I mentioned, we did see a five point gap between the Nielsen movement and quarter. For the year, that was a two point gap. And it's not something that's new. We've seen this phenomenon for six of the last eight quarters. So as Jeff mentioned, retailers are focused on inventory. One of the things that we feel more confident about is being able to supply the business after all the supply disruptions in the last few years, then feel like they don't have to carry as much safety stock. In addition to that, obviously, the inventory is more expensive. So working capital is a focus as well. As we look at the absolute levels of inventory, there are some of the lowest levels we've seen on record. So again, we don't believe that we can go much lower. What we can focus on are the controllables. So that's making sure that we have good marketing and driver baselines and our merchandising, and we feel great about that. We feel really good about the movement of 10% in Q4. So again, we feel like this was a onetime headwind. We're not expecting to rebuild those inventories. But at the same time, we don't expect another leg down in fiscal '24.
Ken Goldman: And if I can just ask a very quick follow-up for Jeff, the Pet business, had a little bit of a down during this past year. I mean a lot of which is sort of out of your control in terms of supply. Is it reasonable to expect that we'll see an acceleration in your organic growth this year? Or is it still going to be held back for most of the year by some of the supply issues that you have that are, of course, temporary?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. The -- we did have -- we had a rough start to the first half of the year. There's no question about that. And the primary driver of that was lack of capacity. What I feel very good about in our Pet business is that we've rebounded and our service levels are back in the 90s. The Pet team worked very hard to get there. It's more expensive than we would like because we have to go outside for external supply chain, but we've rebuilt our capacity. So that's not a concern going forward. What I also feel good about is we did what we said we're going to do. We said we're going to grow at double digits in the back half of the year, and we have done that. I would also say that our dry pet food business is getting better, and we thought that would be the first recovery and it has. It's responded very well to advertising. Life Protection Formula, I think, was up more than 20% in the fourth quarter. Our treats business, we said would improve, but would follow that and it has, and it actually grew in the fourth quarter and there is much more to do on treats. We can now market that business, and we have full capacity. And then we set our wet test food business with lag and unfortunately, we were right up that too, and it did lag. And so I think for our pet food business, I would characterize it, I feel good that we have improved and there is more work yet to do. And so as we look at this coming year, our supply should not be an issue for us. It will come at a higher cost. So I still expect us to grow our sales and maybe our profit has ahead of sales, but a big improvement in profitability would come until fiscal '25 when we can internalize all of our capacity.
Ken Goldman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I guess, in the prepared remarks, you mentioned that volume in fiscal '24 should be improved relative to the decline you saw in '23. Just to clarify, should we take that to mean volume is potentially still down year-over-year, slight better than the minus 4% decline that we saw last fiscal year? And then if it is going to be a pricing-led organic top line growth sort of here in fiscal '24, and I think most of it, you said was from wraparound pricing from actions taken in the second half of '23. I guess, is there a possibility, and I'm just trying to think ahead here, that there's a period of time maybe where organic sales could even go negative for a bit later in the fiscal year until of volume catches up? Thanks so much.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, Andrew, I'll take it and then Kofi jump in if there's anything you want to add. Our expectation -- again, we don't give specific volume guideline growth. But having said that, we said our top line to grow 3% to 4%, and we'll have mid-single-digit inflation, roughly 5%. And so we do see pricing this year. I'm confident that our pounds will be better in fiscal 2024 than they were in fiscal 2023, which is to say they'll certainly decline less. Whether they get to positive or not? We'll see. That's a really difficult thing to call, especially because of the mix factor involved. I'll give you this last quarter in China, our sales grew really nicely, but our pounds were down is because we sold more expensive Häagen-Dazs ice cream and less one and the Wanchai Ferry dumplings. The same could be true set of our foodservice business where we sold less flower and more of other things. So our pounds were down. So how is a little bit tricky because of mix, but in all I would expect that our – our sales certainly won't -- our pounds certainly won't be as negative as they were in, they may be positive. We'll wait and see. But I think it will be much more competitive on that front. But for sure, we'll see some pricing because we still see inflation in the marketplace.
Kofi Bruce: Andrew, this is Kofi. The only other thing I would add is just given the comps, we would expect a little bit more weighting to the front half on the growth profile versus the back half.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. And then just a super quick follow-up just to the inventory piece, just to put a sort of point on that. With supply chain constraints easing, and obviously, is looking to get back to much more active merchandising and display activity and all of that. I guess I would have thought that retailer inventory reductions would be sort of counter to that dynamic, right, wanting to get out there collectively and collaboratively and get going on merchandising and really driving volume and whatnot. I guess what am I missing on that thought process? Is it just that retailers are so much more confident now that they can get what they need when they need it from you and others that the safety stock that was more aggressive, just isn't needed? Or because I would think if it's the first time in a couple of years that you can get out and really drive the business, everyone would be, I don't know, maybe it's naive, but okay with a little more inventory just to make sure you have it on hand?
Jon Nudi: Yes, Andrew, this is Jon. I think it's a fair question for sure. I've had a chance to check in with a couple of our major retailers then. Again, I think everyone is just trying to figure out the way forward. And I think for the immediate term, and if you think about some of our bigger retailers, not only carry food but the carry general merchandise, there's been a big focus on just making sure they get inventories in check. And they feel like when they're in check, they can then drive the business moving forward. So they -- we're definitely holding a bit more stock because until six months ago, we had supply disruptions throughout many of our categories when they feel felt like they could bring it down a bit. As we move forward, again, I think as we get the bottom line the volume moving and it really gets back to merchandising. We would expect retailers to certainly support that and bring it in. And again, I just think it was a point in time and that's something we're reading into the future. And again, as I talk to these retailers, I don't think that they plan to bring them down to the future. And to the extent we can drive the top line, they'll continue to invest behind inventory as well.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Cody Ross with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [Brandon Cohen] filling in for Cody Ross. Thank you for taking the question. So you mentioned in the prepared remarks that with your current debt levels, you have more flexibility for M&A going forward. What categories are you targeting? And what are the main characteristics that you're looking for in an acquisition target? Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: So let me -- so it is true, our balance sheet is in great shape, thanks to the profitability we've had for the last few years as well as all the work we've done to unpayable and receivables asset. So our balance sheet is in really good shape. We do have a lot of flexibility. The first point I would say that even though we have a lot of flexibility, we're still going to remain disciplined. To the extent we look at M&A, we have about 50 basis points of growth we'd like to get from M&A over the coming years, both through acquisitions and divestitures. And so in general, we'll look for businesses that are accretive to our growth. And in categories we're already in or adjacent to categories we already participate where we think we have a competitive advantage. And to the extent we do those things and they're bolt-on acquisitions, we would expect some synergies to come with that growth. And so I'm not going to get into a specific category that we're looking at. You can probably guess them as well as anyone else. But they would be growth -- but I can say they'll be growth oriented, and there will be places where we think we have competitive advantage, and we can create value for shareholders.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is now open. 
Pamela Kaufman: Hi, good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Pamela Kaufman: Your gross margin was a highlight in the quarter. I just wanted to get a sense for how you're thinking about gross margins in fiscal 2024. And then for the 5% input cost inflation outlook, I guess, could you just give us a sense for how you're thinking about the cadence and how that influences the cadence of your gross margin for the year?
Jeff Harmening: Well, Pamela, first of all, thank you for asking about that. Gross margin was a highlight for the quarter. And it was a highlight for a year and I think it will be a highlight in the coming year as well, and we're really proud of what we'll be able to do on the gross margin front over the last couple of years. And so probably turn it over to Kofi with more specifics, but appreciate the question.
Kofi Bruce: And I would just add, I think we've made some really good progress in moving back towards our pre-pandemic gross margin. We still have a little bit of work to do. And obviously, if you read our guidance, you can expect that we expect to make further progress towards recovering our gross margin levels. I think the important thing to note in our guidance around inflation is that we see it moderating, but there will still be inflation above sort of the historic levels we would expect to see in our category. And as we work through the year, I wouldn't necessarily call out anything notable as you expect the quarterly flow to play out, other than the comments I made about sales and the expectation of the price mix and SRM actions and the interaction of those on the top line. I think the key thing for us though, is that we do see a step up in our HMM levels at 4%, a one point step up from the past couple of years where we've been kind of under-delivered at 3%. With the moderation of supply chain that in -- that we certainly have higher confidence in being able to pull that off, as well as our confidence in our ability to take out some of the significant levels of cost and continue to take out some of the significant levels of operating costs that we put into our model to manage through service disruptions. So, all those things give us the confidence that we should be able to continue to drive back towards pre-pandemic level gross margin.
Pamela Kaufman: Thanks. And my second question is just around the promotional environment and your outlook for promotions and brand building. How are you thinking about reinvestment levels in fiscal 2024? And any color on the mix between price promotions versus marketing and advertising? Thanks.
JeffHarmening: Yes, I would say on the -- as we look ahead to our marketing and our -- the promotion environment, the first thing I would say is really important to remember that we still have inflation. I mean, there have been a lot of -- a lot of commentary about disinflation or going negative, but we don't actually see that. And it's driven by labor cost inflating. So I think that's the first and most important thing to remember as it relates to the promotion environment. We would expect that promotional frequency would increase a little bit and importantly, the quality of our merchandising, especially display merchandising, will improve. And the reason we think that will improve is that retailers have more confidence that we'll be able to supply the business because our service levels are back in the 1990s. And when that happens, they're more confident in displaying, display merchandising for us has very high rates. And so -- and it does for a retailer as well. So we're kind of aligned and wanting to do that. And now we feel as if we can. And so as I look ahead, I'm not sure the promotion intensity is really going to increase that much. I think it's going to be maybe a little bit of frequency and actually more quality, if you will, merchandising levels. As it relates to marketing, we really like our marketing across our biggest categories, and that's why we've been investing in it. And we'll continue to invest in it. I'm not going to lay out a number of our marketing will improve x-percent, but what we have said is long-term, our marketing spend will grow in line with our -- in line with our sales growth. And over the past few years, our marketing is actually up 35% versus pre-pandemic levels. So we've actually done that benefit us in this year ahead because, what I can tell you is that consumers in this environment and customers, they're all looking for new ideas and ways and our customers are looking for ways to grow. And so we feel good about our marketing spend in the year ahead.
Pamela Kaufman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of David Palmer of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open now.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. As you were setting your guidance for fiscal 2024, what was the -- what were the biggest challenges to visibility or variables that you're thinking about for this year? Is it simply North America retail consumer demand or other factors?
Kofi Bruce: Yes. That's certainly the state of the consumer, the interaction of frankly all of the, interest rate environment and the expectation of potential economic slowdown on consumer behavior is certainly variable that's a very front and center for us as we set the guidance. Obviously, inflation remains at least sticky and above expectations. And I think the challenge of setting expectations is an environment that any one of those and visibility any one of those factors is hard not the interaction gives us sort of the challenge of setting the frame for the year. But we're confident that kind of whatever operating environment actually shows up, that we will be able to respond and pivot as needed.
David Palmer: Yes. I wonder, how you were thinking about that North America consumer demand, given the industry has been slowing on a multiyear basis right through the last month or so. And I'm just wondering if you're assuming that, that recent rate, I mean, we hesitate to use four-week data to project anything else, but I also hesitate to use even 12-week when the multiyear has been breaking down for the industry. So I'm wondering how you assume that multiyear trend in how you about that demand in 2024 given the slowing in the industry on the consumer lately?
Jeff Harmening: No, I think that's very fair, David. And I can understand your angst on this point. I guess I would do a couple of things. We talked about three-year -- three-week data. Last time I remember talking about three-week data was back in December when there was a panic about what was going to happen due to timing of Christmas and New Year and Nielsen data and then it turned out that it wasn't as bad as people thought. So I think that's a cautionary tale about three-week data. The other thing I would say is that if you look at two-year comparisons over the last few weeks, what you'll see is that the last couple of years, the trends haven't changed all that much. Having said that, I mean, as you look at the last two weeks, it's pretty clear that elasticity -- volume elasticities have increased. And it's something that we expected, and we baked into our guidance for the year. And so, elasticities have not been zero, but they've been quite low. We would anticipate as the year goes on, that elasticities will increase, and that's what we have seen. And so I want you to know, we're not too surprised by the last quarter's trend and it's anticipated in our guidance. And so that's what -- but look, it's a hard period to model from that perspective, but that's what we think is going to happen is that we elasticities will increase, but that's accounted for in our guidance already. In the last three week trends, I wouldn't follow those all the way out the window.
David Palmer: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Max Gumport: Hi, thanks for the question. It's nice to see the recovery in dry pet food and treats, however, it does sound like the trends in wet pet food have been a bit challenged. I understand it seems like maybe it's a mix of your own service levels as well as some category weakness as a result of changes in the consumer economic environment and consumer behavior as well. I was hoping you could talk a bit about what you're seeing in that subsegment and what you expect in terms of a recovery moving forward? Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, Max, I think you just set you summarized it nicely. What we see here, there are a couple of different trends. And remember, the pet category is almost a $50 billion category. So, there can be lots of trends going on at the same time. Importantly, there's still a trend toward humanization, which is why I think you see our dry pet food recovering so nicely and why you see our treats business recovering. At the same time, there is -- people are more mobile. And so they're not -- in aggregate, the treat segment is down a little bit, and the wet segment is down a little bit because consumers are not home as much. And so they can't do it on their pets as much as when they are at home all the time. On top of that, as consumers are feeling the pinch from inflation, there is some downward pressure in several other places on sales. And I think you see that most pronounced in wet foods a little bit a treat. It's a tailwind for our dry pet food business. And so that's one of the reasons why we see that improving. And so -- but I think in general, you have the plot, which is that our wet pet food business has not recovered as fast as we thought. Part of it is due to mobility, part of it is due to service, and part of it is due to behavior in the current environment.
Max Gumport: Great. Appreciate it. And one follow-up would be on volume for fiscal 2024. You gave three reasons to believe we could see some improvement at least in the rate of decline, and we've touched on two of them on the call, but I was hoping to move to the capacity side regarding the constrained platforms of pet hot snacks and fruit snacks. Any way you can help us get a sense of the increase in counts that you might expect in fiscal 2024 on those platforms? Thanks.
Kofi Bruce: Yes. So, you're right, Max. Those four platforms, we do have significant capital investment coming online. The first three, excluding exclusive of pet, you would expect to see some of that capacity impact this fiscal year. The pet capacity comes online really pretty late in the year, so we would have a very modest impact on our ability to internalize some of the supply for dry dog food.
Jeff Harmening: And Max, I would just say, beyond capacity, supply disruptions are probably the biggest tailwind for us. Last year at this time, we had significant issues on things like yogurt and bars. This year, we're feeling much better about the way we're performing. So, at least for North America retail, we feel really good that we'll be able to supply all of our businesses and merchandise behind them for the first time in several years, which we feel very proud about.
Jeff Siemon: Max, maybe -- this is Jeff Siemon. I'd add one on pet, Kofi is exactly right that our internal capacity comes online in about a year. But we did have some external capacity in the last couple of quarters. So, that will give us an opportunity to, and it has already given us an opportunity to improve service both on our Treats business as well as on our Dry business.
Max Gumport: Great. Thanks very much. I’ll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Matthew Smith with Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Matthew Smith: Hi, good morning. I wanted to ask a follow-up question on the Pet business. The profit recovery there is underway, and there's been some commentary that you expect operating profit to grow a bit faster than organic sales in fiscal 2024. Can you provide some color on the puts and takes for the margin recovery after a couple of years where we've seen the margin compress? I know you have incremental capacity coming online. It sounds like that's later in the year for external supply chain costs are lower across the organization, and you have some pricing there. So what are the offsets benefiting or limiting that margin expansion in 2024?
Jeff Harmening: I would say on the benefits to margin expansion, we have some pricing that we have already taken that kind of wraps around in the current year, and you see that in the current results. You certainly saw that in the fourth quarter. You'll also see our productivity levels in Pet are good. And the fact that our supply chain has not disrupted also helps bring down the cost. And so all of those things go to the gross margin level.  Kind of what partially offsets that is the fact that we have external manufacturing and not our own internal manufacturing. And so the benefits of some of that will not be as great as they would have been otherwise. I would also say that we're really -- we -- as much as we are on a focused profit recovery on Pet we really want to drive growth. And so we will invest in marketing and capabilities to make sure that we accelerate our top line growth on that. And so we may see a little bit more gross margin expansion than we do operating margin expansion. And that's simply because as we get healthier on supply chain, we'll reinvest some of those savings back into driving top line growth on Pet.
Kofi Bruce: The only other thing I would add is just there might be a modest mix of business headwind from production just a little bit less wet obviously, given the macro trends that Jeff referenced in. So as you take that into account, that would be a put. 
Matthew Smith: Thank you. I can leave it there and pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Hi, thanks operator. Good morning everyone.
Kofi Bruce: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Kofi, I just had two questions related to the cash flow outlook for 2024. The first one is just free cash conversion back to 95% versus 80%. Is that mostly just working capital that will drive that improvement?
Kofi Bruce: Yes. That is the primary driver, and that was also the primary driver of the miss that we had this year relative to our long-term target. So challenge, obviously, the other side of the inventory reduction in the retail trade was unexpected inventory build as we went into the last two weeks of the year. So as we step into next year, supply chain environment is more stable gives us the capacity and the ability, frankly to have more visibility and manage our inventory levels lower. We continue to make progress on our overall core working capital on our Pet business. So those things should help us drive a more significant provision of cash from working capital next year.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. So the bulk of it is inventory, right? Is that kind of the way to look at it the majority of the improvement?
Kofi Bruce: Yes, year-over-year on a cash flow basis, that is a fair way to look at it.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then the second one is just -- I know you've given the interest rate guide – the interest expense guidance, I'm sorry. And you called out having refinanced some debt at a higher rate. Kofi, is there any opportunity with like some of the shorter term whether it's commercial paper or just shorter term debt? Is there any possibility to just apply some free cash flow to take some of that short-term debt in order to relieve a little bit more of the interest expense pressure?
Kofi Bruce: Yes. We do expect to be able to run with lower commercial paper balances. But I mean, candidly, commercial paper rates and long-term debt rates in the – at least in the middle of the curve were somewhat adverted for periods of time as we looked at the Tier 2 market in, which we issue commercial paper. So we actually could issue term debt more cheaply and did that here as we came out of the fourth quarter.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. But – so it doesn't sound like there's a lot that you can do to chip away at that guide?
Kofi Bruce: It's not a median arbitrage. I expect – look, this will be an adjustment factor as we see some of our term debt roll off as long as we're in this higher interest rate environment, that will be a modest headwind. It is manageable, and we happen to have a fair amount of maturity concentration in this, call it, two to three quarter window that – which is driving our outlook for next year. .
Bryan Spillane: Okay, all right. Thanks Kofi. Thanks guys.
Kofi Bruce: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Carey: Hi, good morning. So just a couple of quick follow-ups for me. So just number one, do you think that, I guess, inventory availability is impacting consumption that we can see in data at all, right? So on-shelf availability, is that becoming a factor with these inventory cuts? Or is it reasonable to assume that what we see coming through is kind of consumption? The second question would be just around a follow-up around pricing for fiscal 2024. The press release said that most of the pricing in fiscal 2024 would be carry over. Obviously, inflation will still be quite a bit above historical norms. So are you embedding any yet taken pricing into the fiscal 2024 outlook is just overall thoughts on the potential to take incremental pricing not already in market? So thanks for those too.
Jon Nudi: Yes. So on the first question, on-shelf availability is significantly higher today than it was a year ago across most of our categories. So again, everyone has gotten better. I think the supply situation become more stable. So as a result, retailers feel like they don't have to hold as much inventory to service the demand. The other thing I would tell you is we've invested in digital capabilities to have retailers. I can tell you their inventory systems are much more sophisticated today than they were a few years ago. So, obviously, their goal is to keep the shelf full, but at the same time, hold as little inventory as possible. At this point, we don't see inventory as a hindrance to us being on the shelf or getting the displays when we find them. Again, I think they're just focusing on the working capital and trying to manage it as efficiently as they can.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. And when it comes to pricing, we're not going to comment specifically on forward-looking pricing. Having said that, we did say that the majority is in the marketplace already. That is true. We operate in markets all over the world, some with different inflationary pressures than others. So it's not just – it's not really just about the U.S. But we feel good about what we see right now with our pricing and the inflationary environment that we see, but we all know these things can change over time. And so we think we have most of what we need in the marketplace already, but there may be a category where we need a little bit more than maybe a geography or where we need a little bit more because the inflationary prices are different.
Chris Carey: Okay. Thanks. One question just and then I'll be done. But Jeff, you've been talking for a number of quarters now about promotional levels and how promotions would remain rational. And you listed kind of a number of reasons why? I just wonder with supply chains coming back and you've already commented it on the call today, but how do you think about the tools that you would have to reignite volume growth? So obviously, there's a concern about some normalizing of volume. Like what's in your -- what's in kind of -- what are the kind of errors in the quiver, I guess, right? Could you -- is it more promotion? Is it more advertising? Is it more merchandising? Can you just talk to maybe how you think about potentially lifting volumes over the next 12 months, if we see any shifts in the consumer environment? Thanks, so much.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, sure. As I look at it, I mean, the promotional environment has been quite rational. And I suspect that it will be going forward. I haven't seen anything yet to lead me to believe otherwise. As we look at what's going to drive growth, I think it will be a number of factors. One I would lead with this new product innovation. Even though our new product innovation has led our categories each of the last four years, it's still below what we would have expected normally. And the reason is not because we haven't had good innovation is because some retailers were reluctant to bring it in, because their own supply chains were pressured, our own supply chains were pressured. And so, as I look at the year ahead, I like our new product innovation network, we have to come. But I also think we're going to get better distribution on innovation we've had over the last couple of years where we didn't get full distribution even though it may have warranted given the quality of the innovation that we've had. And so, I think that will be a driver. The same with distribution, and I look to our pet business, especially on our distribution levels of treats and wet because we haven't been able to supply the business. And so if you can't supply the business, that means that you're going to lack some distribution. You may have some distribution gaps. And so distribution growth across a couple of our key categories in North America Retail, as well as Pet is certainly going to be an opportunity for us. And then with promotional spending, I think the quality of our merchandising, and we have very good tools to understand what the return on investment are so to our retailers. And so, I don't know that it's going to be a significant increase in amount of merchandising. I think it's going to be, I would hope, and I would certainly anticipate an increase in the quality of the merchandising, which should be good growth drivers for our customers, as well as for us. And because, in our categories, they are really able consumption categories. And the more you have in your pantry, the more you tend to use. And so, those are some things that I think will be the drivers, along with increased marketing, and our marketing has been very good. And we have a lot of tools to ascertain where the best marketing spend is going to be in. We've been investing in our brands. We'll continue to invest in our brands, and that will certainly be a source of growth for us.
Chris Carey: Okay. Thanks so much for the perspective. Appreciate it.
Jeff Siemon: Okay. Malika, I think we'll wrap up the questions there. Maybe I'll turn it to Jeff to -- for some closing comments before we finish the call.
Jeff Harmening: So I'll end this call where we started, which is to say, as we take a quick step back, we're really pleased with the year that that's just happened and 10% sales growth, 8% operating profit growth. That's included -- that excludes a 3% headwind from divestitures as well as earnings per share growth that are double digits. As we look forward, our guidance is to be in line or exceeding our long-term growth algorithm on sales, operating profit, EPS and certainly on dividend increases. And so, we are confident about the year ahead and that confidence is driven by our ability to navigate a number of environments these past three years. And will this next year look different from the last? Of course, it will. But we know that already, and we're confident that we have a team and brands and capabilities that will thrive in the year ahead. And so we look forward to keeping the conversation going.
Jeff Siemon: All right. I think we'll wrap it there. Thanks, everyone, for the time and attention, and we're available throughout the day for follow-ups and we look forward to connecting again later on this year.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a good day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-03-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the General Mills Third Quarter Fiscal '23 Earnings Q&A Webcast. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Thursday, March 23, 2023. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Tina, and good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us today for this Q&A session on our third quarter fiscal 2023 results. I hope everyone had time to review the press release, listen to our prepared remarks and view our presentation materials, which were made available this morning on our Investor Relations website. It's important to note that in our Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are based on our current views and assumptions. Please refer to this morning's press release for factors that could impact forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of non-GAAP information, which may be discussed on today's call. I'm here with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; Kofi Bruce, our CFO; and Jon Nudi, Group President of our North America Retail segment. Let's go ahead and get to the first question. Tina, can you please get us started?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from David Palme of Evercore. One moment please. First question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: In Pet, you called out high single-digit takeaway through nine months. And I'm curious what you have is takeaway in fiscal 3Q specifically. And regarding 4Q, I believe you've previously spoken to your expectation for double-digit sales guess, given where we can see consumption trends currently, trying to get a sense of what gives you confidence in that outcome, given it more inventory rebuild to go or a step-up in consumption along with better service or more of a benefit from pricing or some combination of these?
Jeff Harmening: Andrew, this is Jeff, and thanks for the question about Pet. I would say, first, I would say our third quarter sales, was roughly in line with what we thought it would be at 15%. And it is true that we rebuilt some retail inventory. I think importantly, when you look at it, we built about as much inventory back in the third quarter as we lost in the second quarter. And for the year, our inventory and our -- I mean, our sales out and our reported net sales are about the same. So just you know, as we end the third quarter, we don't have a big retail inventory build they really are about the same. I would also say, and this may sound like a little bit of a spin, but I'm actually glad that we could rebuild some inventory in the third quarter. We didn't think we're going to be able to. But because our supply chain got better pretty quickly in the third quarter, our service levels got to 90% or so. Especially in dry dog food as well into the 90s. Because that happened, we were able to rebuild our inventory. Our customers are glad. Our retail customers are glad we're back in business. And so we shipped some inventory from promotions and so forth. So we're pretty pleased with the pet business, and there's more work to do. For sure, there's more work to do, but it was a good quarter in terms of the ability to rebuild some inventory. The other thing I would say, a couple of more points. I think when you look deeper into our third quarter and retail movement, what you'll see is that our dry dog food business really performed quite well and Life Protection Formula continued to accelerate and was up 23% in dollar terms, but also 9% in pounds. And so we're feeling really good about our dry dog food business, which is good because that's one we thought we'd recover the fastest followed by treats and then wet. And that seems to be the case. The other thing I'd point out about retail movement is that our third quarter last year in Pet was very, very strong. And so, as you look at the comparisons, we actually sold more dog food and pet food in Q3 than we did in Q2, both in terms of pounds and RNS. So, it sequentially got better even if the comparisons don't look that great to Q3 in retail movement. And so as we said before, we'll grow double digits in the back half of the year, and we certainly did that in the third quarter, and we'll see what the fourth quarter brings.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up. You mentioned mid-single-digit inflation expected for fiscal '24. I'm curious if you think the carryover benefit from pricing already implemented and in place would be enough along with productivity to handle this? Or perhaps would other actions maybe be necessary, at least based on what we can see today. Admittedly, it's dynamic.
Kofi Bruce: Yes. No, I appreciate the question. We don't want to get too far ahead here of our expectations. I will tell you, as we always do, we'll approach the fiscal year with an eye towards leveraging first, the productivity we get through our HMM cost savings programs. And to the extent that there is additional margin that we need to protect, we'll use the other levers we have up to and including SRM. But I think we're not going to say much more at this point about fiscal '24.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Great. Maybe a follow-up on Andrew's Pet question. It sounds like on the -- from a retail perspective, you think any of the sort of the deceleration we've seen is more a product of year-over-year comparisons. But I guess, I guess when we cut in the data, it looks as though there is a deceleration and maybe a deceleration in General Mills' market share performance as well as just year-over-year growth. So how are you thinking about that? And to the extent that you are seeing some slowdown in takeaway relative to the overall category, is that a byproduct more of ongoing supply constraints that should improve with time? Or is it maybe more of a byproduct of category dynamics and some degree of demand softening and then trade down in the category?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. No, I appreciate the follow-up question about Pet. I would say, first, it's not about dynamics in the category. I mean the trend towards humanization is quite strong and remains quite strong. And so, we really don't see a lot of trade down to private label, for example, or lower-priced brands. I mean it really is a function if there's a change in the category dynamics is that more people are going back to the office, and so mobility is a little bit higher. And so there's a little bit of feeding of wet dog food, for example, and more dry dog food and maybe a little bit less treating because people, again, are at their place of work more. So, we see a little bit of that in the dynamic. So as we look at the category, I mean, we were -- our pounds were down 2% or so and what we can read in the category and the pounds in the category are down flat. So we're trailing -- we're still trailing the categories, so we still have some more work to do. But it certainly is not as big as a delta as it had been before. And so as we look ahead, one of the things we said is that we were pleased to see Life Protection Formula do so well, which tells us that the Blue brand is really good. And so we're pleased with that. And so the first key is to get service levels up, and we've done that on dry dog food. The next is to turn our advertising and marketing back on. And again, we've done that in dry dog food, and we've seen the results. Now, there service level is getting better on treats, now it's really time to activate our marketing on treats, and we would think that, that would get better over time. And then the probably the last to come along will be wet pet food, which is a combination of our service levels still only being in the 80s as well as a pet parent behavior and mobility. So, that's kind of the order of things. And I guess I would characterize our pet businesses, we feel good that we have improved and yet we know that we have more work to do in several of our areas.
Steve Powers: Okay. Great. And maybe shifting gears a bit. Just want to ask around how you're thinking about elasticity. I know in the in what you put out this morning, you talked about expectations for little change in elasticity through the end of fiscal '23. I guess just maybe a little bit more on the puts and takes you're seeing there? And what I'm really curious about is, how you think all of different accelerate strategy points of focus -- may help your portfolio hold up to the extent that we see more broad-based consumer slowing over the course of the calendar year. Just how you're thinking about those dynamics and your specific positioning should the consumer weaken as we progress forward?
Jeff Harmening: Let me take that at a top level, and then I'll probably pass it to Jon -- maybe give a couple of examples about NAR. Yes, I would say for the rest of our fiscal year, I mean, we're seeing little change in elasticities. And we have seen consumption of food at home remains stable over this past year despite all the volatility and puts and takes and theories. I mean the consumer seems to be reasonably robust. And at the same time, they're eating at home more than they were during pre-pandemic. And so, we see a continuation of that. I will say there are a couple of things. One private label exposure in our categories around the world is lower than what you see on the average. And I think that's a benefit to us. The other thing is that we've been investing. We've been investing in marketing. And so you see, over the last four years, our compound annual rate of growth and marketing spending is up, I think, about 4% or 5%. And if you look at this year, our marketing spending is double digits. And so, it's not an accident that our brands -- we had strong brands to begin with, but we also know that brands are kind of organic in nature, if you will, and that you need to keep them growing. And so, we've invested in marketing spending as well as capabilities. And we continue to do that through the third quarter of this year. And so is not really an accident that private label is lower in our categories, and I think it pretends well for our future because even during the last recession, what we found is that even though private label gained a little share back in 2008 to 2010, we were able to hold -- we were able to hold market share due to our brands, thanks and our investments in consumer spending. But Jon, do you want to talk a little bit about NAR.
Jon Nudi: Yes. So just building on what Jeff talked about. So as part of Accelerate, and Jeff touched on this, capabilities is something that we're very focused on. And one of those capabilities is strategic revenue management. So we've probably been at that one the longest five or six years now and feel really good about the capabilities that we've built. So we leverage the entire toolbox. So obviously, with the inflation we've seen this past year, we've taken list price increases, focus on a lot on promotional optimization. So if you look at what's happening in the market, frequencies coming back from a trade standpoint as we get healthier from a service standpoint, but price points were up double digits across our categories. And again, getting smart about how we look at pricing, not only at list price but also from a promotional standpoint as well. We look at price architecture and mix as well. So we are much more sophisticated today than we were even a few years ago. And I think that's helping us to make the right moves in market, which is helping with the elasticities as well. So it's something we'll stay focused on. And as Jeff mentioned, if we do run into a recessionary period, historically, we've held up pretty well. Obviously, private label does well during that period. But we've held our own and hold share relatively flat. It's really the third and fourth tier players in categories that seem to get hit the hardest from a share staple.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: One quick follow-up on Pet and then I had one on North American retail, if I could. Is there any way to roughly quantify how much maybe the gap between shipments and consumption or maybe the trade load however you want to put it, kind of helped company margins or segment margins during the quarter. And Pet, I realize there's back and forth and things have gone around quarter-to-quarter. So I'm just curious if we get a little bit of quantification around that, if possible?
Jeff Harmening: It's really difficult to quantify, Ken, this is Jeff. It's really difficult to quantify what's going -- the contribution of inventory rebuild with margin for Pet in the third quarter. I would say, but there are a couple of things. First of all, I would say our margin in Pet was roughly in line with what we thought it would be. And the fact that our profitability decline in Pet was not a surprise to us and is really based on a couple of factors. One is -- and by the way, even though our margin actually did improve slightly from the second quarter. The factor is really contributing to the fact that our profit decline in the third quarter in Pet was that we did see significant inflation and we did see a lot of costs coming in due to capacity expansion as well as some external sourcing. And so, these are things we expected. The other thing I would point to is that when we saw Life Protection Formula really doing well behind our marketing efforts in the second quarter, we decided to spend more against it in the third quarter. And that's paying dividends as our Life Protection Formula has continued to accelerate, but it does mean our marketing spending had a negative impact on the P&L in the third quarter over the although it's clear over the long run -- that this is such a good idea. So, I want you to know that when it comes to Pet, the margins that we saw in the third quarter are very much in line with what we thought even if it's difficult to quantify the impact of margin rebuild. It's just our service is getting better, which I think is a positive.
Ken Goldman: Got it. But if I'm reading between the lines, it doesn't sound like it was a major impact if the margin came in somewhat close to what you thought. Is that correct?
Jeff Harmening: That is correct. It's not a major impact, Ken. And I would also say, you didn't ask this, but I guess a bonus answer would be that in our fourth quarter, we actually -- we expect that our profitability will be up in our fourth quarter as we see our pricing that took place at the end of the quarter come into effect as we see a little bit easing on inflation, we see the service getting better. And so the drags that we see less on, we see a little bit more pricing and so we would anticipate that in Q4, our profitability will be up in Pet.
Ken Goldman: And just to clarify, is that dollars margin, both?
Jeff Harmening: Both.
Ken Goldman: Both perfect. Yes. I'll let it go there.
Jeff Harmening: You have a question about NAR? I'm sorry.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Two questions. Can I ask about marketing spending to begin with? I know that you said it was up mid-single digits, I think, 4% to 5% over the last few years and up double digits, I believe, this year. Do you anticipate that the sort of strong level of marketing reinvestment or increase as a percent of sales is going to continue? And then linked to that, promotional activity, are you seeing any changes there? Is it sort of steady Eddie because obviously, that's come in or down quite a bit since the pandemic began. Do you anticipate not a big resurgence, as I think you've said before on the promotional side?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, I would say -- Alexia this is Jeff. I'll answer the first part of that question, and maybe Jon Nudi can give any insights on the second. I would say, in general, what we -- in general, what we would expect is that marketing spending growth would be roughly in line with sales growth. And we've seen last year, we've seen so much inflation on the food -- the cost of ingredient side. Our marketing spending has grown 4% or so, but it hasn't kept up with the sales growth. That's because we saw so much food inflation. But it actually has kept up more than kept up with pound growth. And the same is true this year, we're seeing double-digit increase in marketing spend. But over time, we -- our goal would be to increase our marketing spend roughly in line with our sales growth. So Jon, do you want to take the second part of the question?
Jon Nudi: From a merger standpoint. So if you look at versus pre-pandemic levels, merchant our categories is still down double digits. I will say you're seeing frequency this past year increased high single digits. And that's really driven by the fact that we're getting back into merchandising in some categories that we couldn't support from a service standpoint over the last few years. At the same time, you're seeing merch price points up double digits across our categories as well. So again, as all of us are dealing with inflation and leveraging our SRM capabilities, we're raising the floor on many of our merged promotions. So, as we move forward, service is still not back to historical levels. So, we don't expect there to be significant inventory to be getting aggressive from a pricing standpoint. And obviously, everyone in the industry is dealing with increased costs and inflation as well. So, we expect to continue to make sure that we're rational from a merchandising standpoint as we move forward.
Operator: The next question comes from John Baumgartner of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
John Baumgartner: I wanted to come back to Steve's question, I think, on U.S. retail. The elasticity still favorable, but that elasticity alone sort of masks the underlying percentage volume declines from this pricing? And that's an industry issue, not just mills. But since food at home is not losing share to away from home, I mean you also think, I guess, once consumers normalize to these new prices, volume declines should also moderate independent of recession. So I'm curious, Jeff, for John, absent a bounce from recession, how you're thinking about that path to volume normalization? And then just given your brand-building innovation, do you think the portfolio's volume plus mix can grow reliably with population over time? Do you aspire to ahead of population growth? Just what's the expectation for that normalized performance at the portfolio level where you sit right now?
Jeff Harmening: Let me start this is Jeff. Let me start with the end in mind. And the end is that we think absent the current inflation environment we see, which, by the way, we don't think is going away anytime soon as we talk about mid-single-digit inflation in our next fiscal year. But absent a heightened inflationary environment we would expect our portfolio -- our exposure to growth to be in the 2% to 3% range, so call it 2.5% range. And that's what we talked a little bit about at CAGNY. And that would imply some level of volume growth as well as some level of pricing growth, a mix of those two, which would, of course, fluctuate based on what happens in any particular year. But we would think once we get back to a normal environment, which we don't see coming actually in the next 12 months. But in a normal environment, we would see some level of pound growth and some level, a little bit of pricing as dictated by the growth in our categories. And then you have another deeper question about recession versus non-recession. I'm not really sure how to go about all of that other than to say that what we do see is mid-single-digit inflation coming in the next 12 months.
John Baumgartner: I guess just thinking about the depth of the volume decline, and it feels like you're not seeing a shift out-of-home channel. So it feels like it's more to be just more left over consumption at home. I mean do you sense that consumers are getting close to normalizing to the new prices on shelf and that should just over the next couple of months sort of roll off with less deep volume declines going forward at this point in terms of the adjustment process for the consumer?
Jon Nudi: Yes, John. So obviously, volumes are down for NAR. And as we look at that, we expect, frankly, with the amount of pricing that we've taken, historical elasticities would suggest much bigger declines. So again, we feel comfortable with where we are. That being said, as we pivot into fiscal '24, we want to get back to growing not only dollars but growing pound volume as well. And it's going to be really all about the fundamentals. And as Jeff mentioned, we're investing in marketing. We feel really good about our marketing on our major brands. Innovation is something that we haven't pulled back on through the pandemic, and we'll continue to press the advantage there. And we think that we've got some great items coming in the coming year. And the capabilities that we're investing in from an accelerated standpoint are really helping as well. I mentioned that around -- in addition to that, digital marketing is something that's very exciting right now in terms of the ability to really have one-to-one relationships and target consumers and over 50% of our marketing now across NAR is digital, and that will continue to increase. So, it will be back to the fundamentals, and we feel really good about our ability to compete in that role as we move forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Carey: So just a couple of quick questions around inflation. Just on the mid-single-digit inflation. You noted in the prepared remarks that, that is split between labor and conversion costs primarily. I wonder if you could just aggregate that. And then, what are you seeing from a commodity standpoint within that mid-single-digit equation?
Kofi Bruce: Yes. I appreciate the question. So I won't decomp it very deeply other than to tell you that what we're tracking is some of the headline commodity numbers have been obviously coming off of their peaks. Part of the reason we're giving this expectation is because embedded within the inflation expectations for our total input cost a fair amount of conversion cost behind some of we're not taking in just raw commodities. So as we think about the impact of continued labor pressure, energy costs, those and other conversion costs that go into taking raw materials, creating value-added inputs that go into our products. That's what's driving the inflation. So, I think the key here is it probably is an overread to look just at the commodity softening on some of the key commodities and assume that there's going to be a more benign inflationary environment. So we'll give you a decomp and a little bit deeper dive when we come back in Q4 and provide guidance for the next year.
Chris Carey: Okay. That's helpful. One quick follow-up. On the last earnings call, I believe there was a question just around whether the non-commodity pieces of the equation were appropriate buckets to come to retailers with an inflation story, right? And so this mid-single-digit inflation, are these the types of a typical inflation drivers that typically, you would be able to come to a retailer with the pricing story. I appreciate HMM and other offsets are going to be important, including revenue growth there of SRM. But just in the context of this total inflation idea that we're hearing across the space right now, is that really sticking with the retailer? I just wonder if you could provide any context on that.
Kofi Bruce: Yes. I'll talk broadly for the enterprise. And Jon, if you want to jump in and provide some specific perspective from NAR, and we can do that. Broadly, we look at the entire basket of our input cost. So that includes manufacturing, sourcing and freight. So as we think about the combination of those three things, that's generally or we go and we talk to retailers about the total input cost basket. What's probably not included in that we have talked about in past earnings calls is the other costs to serve in this environment. Some of the added pressures that come from supply chain disruptions, some of the short-term decisions we've had to make wrong product changes and external supply chain that have allowed us to service in a disrupted environment. Those things probably a little bit harder to include in the conversation.
Jon Nudi: I would just say, as we talk to retailers, we're focused on multiple things. I mean, focused on supply chain. So again, we're still short order. We've been historically in the 98% to 99% service level. So, we certainly better than where we were a year ago, that continues to be a focus and something we spend a lot of time talking about. And then it is about growth. And again, obviously, dollars have grown strongly. I think all of us want to get back to not only growing dollars but also growing units as well, and that's something that we stay very focused on. In terms of SRM and whether what levers we pull into the coming year, we pull extra levers every year regardless of inflation. And as we see inflation next year, we'll continue to leverage SRM. And obviously, our retailers are being impacted by inflation as well. So, we'll see how the year unfolds. At this time last year, we certainly didn't envision the number of moves that we've taken this year. One of the things we're really proud of is the way that we've reorganized over the last few years as an enterprise, we're much more agile. So, we feel really good about being able to deal with what comes our way, and we'll have any appropriate conversations with retailers if we get to that point.
Chris Carey: Perfect. Thank you for the perspective.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Just two for me. One, what is just SG&A in the quarter was up pretty meaningfully, just in absolute dollars, and I understand there's a pretty strong marketing component. Can you just maybe copy, give us a little more insight in terms of outside of marketing or advertising, just what else is driving SG&A and I don't know, it's just sort of the level we should be looking at as we model the fourth quarter? So just some perspective there and then I have a follow-up.
Kofi Bruce: Yes. So let me -- you're absolutely right. In the third quarter, media was a big driver. It was up strong double digits. We expect it to actually be a driver of SG&A as we head in the fourth quarter as we've been turning marketing back on, on Pet, putting additional spending on key platforms. And as a reminder, I think it's important as we were coming out of a period where five years, six years earlier, we had pretty much depleted pretty significantly the amount of marketing spending. So we've been sort of investing through this cycle to ensure that we have appropriate support behind strong marketing ideas. I think the rest of it outside of marketing spending, we have seen some increase in admin primarily related to comp and benefits as we've seen our performance improve. Obviously, that increases our incentive accrual. We've seen some increase related to charitable contributions. Those have been kind of the big non-marketing spend drivers as we look at the quarter.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And those seem like they're more transitory, meaning we shouldn't see an absolute dollar levels, probably not the same level of SG&A in the fourth quarter that we saw in the third quarter?
Kofi Bruce: I think that is generally fair.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. All right. Cool. And then second question just on food service. And maybe, Jeff, if you can just kind of give us a perspective on kind of where that business stands now? You took the convenience piece out of it. It looks like food sales are coming back even if you strip out the benefit of Flower milling. So can you kind of give us a perspective on kind of where you see that business today in terms of where you kind of envision it going forward now that it's really focused on food service? And also just a comment on profitability, the margins, again, kind of back into the mid-teens level, it used to be kind of a higher-margin business pre-COVID just trying to get a sense of like -- is this early innings in terms of kind of what you envision for what this business could be like, both from a revenue and a profitability standpoint?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So on Food service, you're right, we took convenience stores out of our food service business and put them in North America retail, and that's been going very well. Really pleased to see that combination of businesses in North America retail. At the same time, we also expanded our food service business to not only be just U.S.-focused but North America focused. And we're really pleased with that, too, because we have a lot of customers that operate across North America. So we're really pleased how we're executing the convenience piece in NAR but also adding food service and to make it North America Food service was also meaningful for us. I'm really thrilled to see the momentum that we have in this business. As you can imagine, with fewer people eating in restaurants, it was a little bit tougher for our food service for a number of months. But we've got a strong K-12 school business that has served us very well. We continue to gain share in many of our categories across food service. And as we look, as you can see, it's back to pretty strong growth now. Last year was a tough third quarter. So, the comparisons in the third quarter are easy. And yet, in aggregate, we have really good momentum in our food service business. And so what I believe is that our food service business can continue to be an accelerator of top line growth, but also continuing to expand margins. When you talk about the profitability, they were hit particularly hard on the profit side. And I think it's fair to say that we're still in the early innings on driving back margin growth into our food service business, and we're confident that we can and we're also confident that we need to. And so we'll continue to drive margin growth as we still grow our top line sales growth. So we think we can do both of those at the same time in food service and are pleased with the momentum that we've regained in there.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Jeff Siemon: Okay. Thanks, everyone. I think that's all the time we have this morning, but I really appreciate the good engagement. And we will obviously be available throughout the day for follow-ups. Otherwise, we'll look forward to seeing you over the spring. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Thank you, and have a good day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2022-12-20 09:00:00) =====
Jeff Siemon: Good morning. This is Jeff Siemon, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for listening to General Mills' prepared remarks for our Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Earnings. Later this morning we will hold a separate, live question-and-answer session on today's results, which you can hear via webcast on our Investor Relations website. Joining me for this morning's presentation are Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO, and Kofi Bruce, our CFO. Before I hand things over to them, let me first touch on a few items. On our website, you will find our press release that posted this morning, along with a copy of the presentation and transcript of these remarks. Please note that today's remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists several factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I will turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Harmening: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by summarizing today's key messages. Building on a good start to the year in Q1, we delivered strong results in our second quarter, including double-digit growth in organic net sales and adjusted diluted earnings per share. We also delivered a second consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion, representing continued progress toward restoring our pre-pandemic margin profile. The operating environment remains volatile. While we've seen some modest improvement in recent months, it is still far from pre-pandemic conditions, particularly at our up-stream suppliers. In this context, our team continues to execute well and we remain focused on advancing our Accelerate strategy and delivering on our fiscal 2023 priorities. Given our strong first-half results and positive momentum on our business, we are once again raising our full-year guidance for organic net sales, adjusted operating profit, and adjusted diluted EPS growth. Slide 5 summarizes our financial performance for the second quarter and the first half of fiscal '23. We drove 11% organic net sales growth in the quarter, fueled by strong net price realization in response to significant levels of input cost inflation. Adjusted operating profit was up 7% and adjusted diluted EPS was up 12%, each in constant currency. Our first-half results were also strong, with double-digit growth in organic net sales and adjusted diluted EPS. The operating environment in fiscal 2023 remains challenging and dynamic. On the cost side, we continue to forecast total input cost inflation of approximately 14% to 15% for the full year, including double-digit inflation in the second half. Volume elasticities continued to remain below historical levels in the first half, particularly in North America Retail. We are watching these trends closely, but we do not expect a return to pre-pandemic elasticity levels during fiscal 2023. We've seen some modest improvement in the supply chain environment in recent months, with logistics challenges continuing to ease and a slight reduction in the level of upstream supply disruptions. As a result, our customer service levels reached the high 80% range in U.S. retail by the end of the quarter, up from the mid-80s last quarter, though still well below our normal range of 98% to 99%. Despite these improvements, supply disruptions remain well above historical averages, and we aren't forecasting a return to pre-pandemic levels of supply disruptions or customer service during this fiscal year. Finally, we continue to see the pandemic impacting consumers' health and mobility around the globe. This has been most acute in China during the first half of this year. Overall, while it's encouraging to see some signs of supply chain improvement recently, we expect the pace of change in the operating environment to remain high for the foreseeable future. As we've said in the past, our job is not to predict the future better than our competition, but instead to be better able to adapt to change and deliver winning results regardless of the environment. That has been our recipe for success in recent years, and we're focusing on continuing that success in fiscal 2023 and beyond. We are continuing to drive our Accelerate strategy this year by executing on the three priorities outlined on Slide 7. We will continue to compete effectively by boldly building our brands, relentlessly innovating, and servicing the business with excellence. We will continue to invest for the future by delivering HMM and SRM to offset inflation, making strategic investments in the business, and continuing to progress against our ESG commitments. And we will continue to reshape our portfolio by ensuring smooth transitions for our announced transactions and assessing the landscape for additional growth- and value-enhancing acquisitions or divestitures. I'm pleased to say that we are making progress against each of these priorities through the first half. We're competing effectively once again in fiscal 2023, building on four consecutive years of strong market share performance. We are holding or gaining share in 37% of our priority businesses through the first half, but that includes a share decline in Cereal, where we're comparing against our unusually strong share gains in the U.S. a year ago when a key competitor was dealing with significant service challenges. On a two-year basis, our market share in Cereal is still up, and after adjusting for that change, we are holding or gaining share in 54% of our priority businesses, including a broad array of platforms in the U.S. and internationally. In addition to executing for today, we continue to make strategic investments to strengthen our brands and our competitive advantages for the future. Our Media investment was up double digits in Q2, and we expect it to be up double digits for the full year behind compelling campaigns that are increasingly leveraging our digital capabilities to reach consumers everywhere they interact with our brands. We've invested significantly in recent years to strengthen our capabilities that are critical to our future success, including Digital & Technology, Strategic Revenue Management, E-commerce, Global Impact, and others. Our total capability investments will be up again in Fiscal 2023, led by Digital & Technology. In fact, we've increased our investment in this area by more than $100 million dollars over the past few years, and we expect to grow in this area by double digits again this year. Additionally, we plan to increase our investment in growth capital by more than 50% in Fiscal '23. This includes investments to increase internal manufacturing capacity on key platforms where we see sustained growth into the future, such as pet food, Mexican food, hot snacks, fruit snacks, and cereal. Another important way we are investing for the future is through our commitment to Standing for Good. For decades, General Mills has taken action to reduce hunger and food insecurity in our communities through grants, corporate contributions, and food product donations. We work with food banks in more than 40 countries to expand food security and build long-term resilience for the future. One example is Feeding America. General Mills was a founding member of this U.S. hunger-relief organization more than 40 years ago. More recently, we supported the creation of Feeding America's MealConnect, a solution for the nation's charitable food system that allows member food banks to coordinate and receive donations from their local food businesses and grocers. As the only food-rescue technology available nationwide, MealConnect serves more than 12,000 nonprofits and has enabled the recovery of more than 3.5 billion nourishing meals since its launch in 2014. In addition to providing monetary support, General Mills helped co-create MealConnect's Logistics function, which works to reroute rejected or damaged but perfectly safe food products for donation at food banks. Standing for good is a critical pillar of our Accelerate strategy and is an important way we are investing for our future for our company, our planet, and for our communities. Switching gears, I'd like to spend a few minutes highlighting several businesses where we are consistently competing effectively and investing for the future, led by North America Retail. As we've shared in the past, we've built a multi-year success story in cereal behind strong innovation, renovation, and investment in what we believe are the best brands in the category. In fact, annual Nielsen-measured retail sales for our U.S. cereal business are up 20% since fiscal 2018 to more than $3 billion dollars. We've gained two-and-a-half share points over that time and solidified our number one position in the category. We're bringing more compelling news and innovation to the cereal category in fiscal 2023. Cheerios, which is by far the largest brand in the category, continues to keep its heart-health messaging fresh for consumers, while Cinnamon Toast Crunch, the second-largest brand in the category, is engaging new consumers with its crazy squares. In addition, we've launched three of the top five new products in the category so far in fiscal '23, and we are particularly excited about our second-half innovation plans. Our new Minis platform brings consumers miniature versions of their favorite cereal brands, providing a fun, new way to enjoy the big flavors they love. We've seen exceptional retail acceptance for these new products and they're already among the top turning items in their first few weeks on shelf. We've grown retail sales for our Pillsbury U.S. Refrigerated Dough business by nearly 50% over the past five years, to nearly $2 billion dollars, and we're working on our fifth consecutive year of market share gains after having added five points of share in the past four years. Pillsbury provides convenience and joy to families for special occasion and everyday meals. We're having another strong key baking season this year, and we're bringing the brand more regularly into consumers' everyday meal routines. Our most recent messaging with consumers highlights the many ways to conveniently make homemade using Pillsbury dough products outside the oven. And we are leveraging our data and connected commerce capabilities to personalize our messages. For example, by targeting our make homemade messaging to consumers who recently purchased an air fryer, we were able to drive lower cost-per-click and convert a higher share of our new Pillsbury consumers, further building confidence in the value of our first-party data. Our Fruit Snacks platform is an underappreciated local gem in our portfolio like Pillsbury dough, but on a smaller scale. Here, too, we've generated tremendous growth in recent years, with our retail sales in U.S. fruit snacks up nearly 70% since fiscal 2018 to more than $800 million dollars, and our market share up almost four-and-a-half points to 54% of the category. We accomplished these results despite being capacity constrained for much of that time, but we completed a $100-million-dollar capacity expansion on fruit snacks in Q1, which has allowed us to execute new channel expansion plans for e-commerce and convenience stores. Year-to-date, we've driven a 44% increase in our e-commerce retail sales on fruit snacks by optimizing our online shelf and consumer experience, leveraging our connected commerce capability. We've also expanded our fruit snacks presence in impulse channels, launching new peggable packaging that has helped us drive a 12-point increase in fruit snacks market share in convenience stores. With strong momentum, growing consumer demand, and plans for further capacity expansion ahead, we are excited about the continued runway for growth on fruit snacks. Another business that has a long runway of growth is Blue Buffalo pet food. The trends toward humanization and premiumization in the pet food category are strong and will continue to grow -- in the U.S. and around the world. We are focused on leading and expanding our presence in high-quality, natural feeding and treating for dogs and cats. We are led by our purpose to Love them Like Family, Feed them Like Family, which is the reason Blue Buffalo ranks as the number one brand pet parents are likely to recommend, the top brand pet parents will pay more for, and the most Loved and Trusted Natural Brand in the category. This has helped us drive terrific growth since we acquired the business in 2018, with our Pet net sales up by $1 billion through fiscal 2022. While we continue to believe in the long-run growth opportunity for our Pet business, we experienced an unexpected headwind in Q2 in the form of inventory reductions at some key retailers. As a result, while our all-channel retail sales grew at a high-single-digit rate in the quarter, our net sales were essentially flat. Beyond the unexpected retail inventory decline, our Pet results in Q2 largely reflected the continued impact of the capacity limitations and resulting customer service challenges that we called out on our first-quarter earnings call. Because of these service challenges, we pulled back on media and in-store support so as not to amplify our issues with on-shelf availability. While these headwinds have been felt across our Pet business, they've been particularly acute on our Dry Dog Food and Treats sub-segments. As we move into the second half of fiscal 2023, we expect to get back to double-digit net sales growth on Pet, supported by better customer service, stronger product news, increased brand support, and stable retail inventory levels. We expect our customer service will improve because of the external manufacturing capacity we've added on dry dog food and treats. To further improve service, we recently added a new distribution center and expanded capacity at our existing warehouses. We initially prioritized customer service improvement on Life Protection Formula, which makes up more than half of our dry dog food retail sales, and we've seen encouraging volume growth on that business in Nielsen-measured channels in the past six weeks. We're now expanding our service improvement focus to the rest of our Dry Dog portfolio and to Treats, leveraging our increased capacity. Improved customer service will also allow us to step up our media and in-store support, including a strong double-digit increase in media investment on Pet in the back half. And we have an exciting lineup of innovation and renovation launching across dog food, cat food, and treats. Our back-half news on Pet starts with significant renovation and innovation on our Wilderness dry dog food line. We're adding 20% more meat to our core Wilderness dry dog food products, and we're ramping up spending behind this news. We're also launching Wilderness Premier Blend, a new, super-premium offering that includes kibble, plus a new, proprietary tender meaty piece that dogs love in a convenient all-in-one solution pet parents will love too. On cat food, we're renovating our core dry portfolio and re-launching it under the Tastefuls equity. This launch builds on the success of the Tastefuls wet cat food line we introduced in 2021. Blue Tastefuls now offers a complete portfolio of feeding options for cats that provides the perfect combination of great taste and healthy ingredients. The new packaging is just starting to hit shelves now, and we'll support the news with media and in-store activations in the coming months. And on Treats, our added capacity will help us drive improved customer service on our Nudges, True Chews, and Top Chews products, which now carry the Blue Buffalo shield. With better on-shelf availability, we'll be able to turn on national media support and in-store merchandising, leveraging the Blue Buffalo master brand, which will help amplify awareness of these highly differentiated products. We remain bullish about the growth prospects for our Pet business. With a retailer inventory reduction and the worst of our capacity and service challenges behind us, and with exciting innovation and brand-building investment behind the strongest natural brand in the category, we're poised to continue Pet's track record of outstanding growth in fiscal 2023, and over the long term. Taking a step back, I continue to be pleased with how we're executing our Accelerate strategy to drive profitable growth on our core while continuing to reshape our portfolio. Now let me turn it over to Kofi to provide more details on our second-quarter results and our increased guidance.
Kofi Bruce: Thanks, Jeff, and hello everyone. Our second-quarter financial results are summarized on Slide 18. Note that there were a handful of events that impacted our year-over-year comparisons this quarter. These included the acquisition of TNT Crust, as well as the divestures of our European yogurt business, our international dough businesses, and the Helper and Suddenly Salad business in North America. We also had an impact from the international Haagen-Dazs ice cream recall that we announced last quarter. We do not expect any further material impact from the recall in the remainder of the year. Now let's move on to our Q2 results. Reported net sales of $5.2 billion dollars were up 4%, and organic net sales grew 11% in the quarter, reflecting continued positive price/mix in response to significant input cost inflation, partially offset by lower volume. Adjusted operating profit of $880 million dollars was up 7% in constant currency, with benefits from positive price/mix partially offset by higher input costs, lower volume, and higher SG&A expenses, including a double-digit increase in media investment. Adjusted diluted earnings per share totaled $1.10 in the quarter and were up 12% in constant currency. Slide 19 summarizes the components of our net sales growth in the quarter. Organic net sales were up 11%, reflecting 17 points of positive organic price/mix, partially offset by a 6% decline in organic pound volume. Foreign exchange reduced net sales by one point, and the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures was a five-point headwind to second-quarter net sales. Now let's turn to our segment results, beginning with North America Retail on Slide 20. NAR continues to perform exceptionally well, with our brands delivering for consumers and the business executing successfully amid ongoing volatility in the operating environment. Organic net sales grew 13% in the quarter, driven by positive price/mix, partially offset by lower volume. Despite elevated levels of inflation-driven pricing, elasticities continue to remain below historical benchmarks. Growth in NAR this quarter was broad based, with double-digit net sales growth in U.S. Snacks, U.S. Meals and Baking Solutions, and U.S. Morning Foods, and mid-single-digit net sales growth in Canada in constant currency. We continue to compete effectively, with 67% of our North America Retail priority businesses holding or growing share so far this fiscal year, when adjusting for Cereal on a two-year basis. Second-quarter constant-currency segment operating profit increased 24%, driven by positive price/mix and HMM cost savings, partially offset by high input cost inflation, lower volume, and higher SG&A expenses. Slide 21 summarizes our Pet segment results. As Jeff mentioned, Pet net sales in Q2 were negatively impacted by a reduction in retailer inventory. All-channel retail sales were up high-single digits in the quarter. We expect Pet net sales growth to accelerate in the second half behind increased capacity, improved customer service, strong innovation and renovation news, and increased brand-building investment. Additionally, we expect retailer inventory levels to remain stable in the back half of the year. On the bottom line, second-quarter segment operating profit totaled $87 million dollars compared to $132 million a year ago, driven primarily by high-teens input cost inflation, a significant increase in costs related to capacity expansion and supply chain disruptions, and lower volume, including the impact of the retailer inventory reduction. These headwinds were partially offset by positive price/mix. We expect to deliver profit growth on Pet in the back half with stronger volume performance, less headwind from capacity and supply disruption costs, and better alignment between price/mix and inflation. Moving on to our North America Foodservice segment results on Slide 22, organic net sales grew 17% in the quarter. As we expected, this quarter's performance included greater price/mix benefit on our non-flour business compared to Q1, and less benefit from market index pricing on bakery flour, which is dollar profit neutral. Segment operating profit for the quarter was up 20%, driven by positive price/mix, partially offset by higher input costs and higher SG&A expenses. Second-quarter International segment results are summarized on Slide 23. Organic net sales were up 5% this quarter, driven by good growth in Brazil, our Distributor markets, and Europe & Australia, partially offset by a decline in China due to continued consumer mobility restrictions due to zero COVID policy as well as the impact of the international ice cream recall. Second-quarter segment operating profit totaled $18 million dollars compared to $59 million a year ago, driven by higher input costs and lower volume, including the impact of divestitures and the ice cream recall, partially offset by positive price/mix and lower SG&A expenses. With comparisons against the Yogurt divestiture and the Ice Cream recall now behind us, we expect to generate profit growth in International in the back half of fiscal 23. Slide 24 summarizes our joint venture results in the second quarter. Cereal Partners Worldwide net sales were up 2% in constant currency, driven by favorable price/mix, partially offset by lower volume. Haagen-Dazs Japan net sales were down 10% in constant currency as the business lapped strong new product performance last year. Second-quarter combined after-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $25 million dollars compared to $33 million dollars a year ago, primarily driven by unfavorable foreign currency exchange as well as lower constant-currency profit at Haagen-Dazs Japan, partially offset by favorable CPW price/mix. Turning to total company margin results on Slide 25, our second-quarter adjusted gross margin increased 100 basis points versus last year to 33.2%, driven by positive price/mix and HMM cost savings, partially offset by mid-teens input cost inflation, higher other cost of goods sold, and supply chain deleverage. While this is our second quarter of gross margin improvement, our adjusted gross margin is still below pre-pandemic levels, and we have more work to do to restore our historical margin profile. Adjusted operating profit margin increased 60 basis points in the quarter to 16.9%, driven by higher adjusted gross margin, partially offset by higher SG&A expenses. Slide 26 summarizes other noteworthy Q2 income statement items. Adjusted unallocated corporate expenses increased $30 million dollars in the quarter, primarily reflecting increased capability investments this year and certain discrete favorable items a year ago. Net interest expense decreased $1 million dollars, driven by lower average long-term debt balances, partially offset by higher rates. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 21.1% compared to 22.3% a year ago, driven by certain discrete tax benefits this year. And average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were down 2% to 602 million, reflecting our net share repurchase activity. Our first-half fiscal 23 results are summarized on Slide 27. Net sales of $9.9 billion dollars were up 4%, including a five-point headwind from net divestiture and acquisition activity and one point of unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Organic net sales increased 11%, driven by positive organic price/mix, partially offset by lower organic pound volume. Year-to-date adjusted operating profit of $1.8 billion dollars increased 8% in constant currency. And adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.21 were up 13% in constant currency. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 28. While we drove strong growth in adjusted net earnings in the first half, our operating cash flow was down from $1.5 billion dollars a year ago to $1.2 billion in the first half of fiscal '23, driven primarily by an increase in inventory and higher cash tax payments. Year-to-date capital investments in the quarter totaled $227 million dollars. We remain on track for capital investment to total roughly 4% of net sales for the full year. And we returned $1.4 billion dollars in cash to shareholders in the first six months of the year through dividends and net share repurchases. On Slide 29, you can see our increased guidance for fiscal 2023. We now expect organic net sales to increase 8% to 9%, reflecting better volume performance and improved price/mix relative to our prior outlook. We continue to expect elasticities will remain below historical levels over the remainder of this fiscal year. We now expect adjusted operating profit to increase 3% to 5% in constant currency, reflecting stronger top line performance. We continue to expect total input cost inflation of 14% to 15% of total cost of goods sold, HMM cost savings of 3% to 4% of COGS, moderately lower supply chain disruptions versus last year, and increased investment in brand building and other growth-driving activities. Constant-currency adjusted diluted earnings per share are now expected to increase 4% to 6%. This updated outlook reflects stronger profit growth and higher net interest expense, which is now expected to total more than $400 million dollars for the full year, reflecting rising interest rates. Our guidance for both adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS both include a three-point net headwind from divestitures and acquisitions and an estimated one-point headwind from the ice cream recall. Finally, we continue to expect free cash flow conversion will be at least 90% of adjusted after-tax earnings. Let me now turn it back to Jeff for some closing remarks.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks, Kofi. Let me close with a few thoughts. I continue to be pleased with how we're executing our Accelerate strategy and driving profitable growth, including delivering strong results again in Q2. We're competing effectively, building on four consecutive years of positive market share performance, and we continue to invest for the future. While we have work to do to overcome some short-term headwinds in Pet and International, we've taken actions to drive stronger results in those segments in the second half of this year. I'm also pleased that we are once again raising our guidance for the full year, building on our strong first-half results and compelling plans for the back half. Thank you for your time this morning. This concludes our prepared remarks. I invite you to listen to our live question-and-answer webcast, which will begin at 8:00 a.m. Central time this morning and will be available for replay on our Investor Relations page at GeneralMills.com.
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the General Mills' second quarter fiscal 2023 earnings Q&A webcast. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, December 20, 2022. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Kelly, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today for the Q&A session on our Q2 fiscal '23 results. I hope you all had the time to review the press release, listen to our prepared remarks and view the presentation materials, which are made available this morning on our IR website. Please do note that in our Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are based on our current views and assumptions. Please refer to this morning's press release for factors that could impact forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of non-GAAP information, which will be discussed on today's call. I'm here with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; Kofi Bruce, our CFO; and Jon Nudi, Group President of our North America Retail segment. Let's get to the first question, Kelly. So please get us started. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. You may proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: I think just to kick it off, I guess, I appreciate that capacity constraints can often lead to a gap between shipments and retail takeaway, but obviously, the differential in Pet was far greater than anticipated. So, I'm trying to get a sense of why would retailers pull back on orders when capacity is constrained and demand remains so strong and does this pose any risk ultimately to the demand side of the equation? And then I've just got a quick follow-up.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Sure, Andrew. Thanks for the question. I would say, ironically, in the second quarter, a lot of what occurred in we anticipated, including retail sales and the fact that we were capacity constrained. And as we look ahead, we guided to double-digit growth for the second half of the year, by which I mean starting in Q3, given the strong level of innovation we have and the fact capacity is online, and we've got really good advertising and marketing support. The one thing that was different than we expected was a drawdown in retail inventory you pointed out to. But we don't -- first of all, most importantly, we don't think that this is a long-term trend. We think it is something to happen this quarter. In terms of the rationale why, I would say, in general, the retailers have carried a little bit less inventory across the board during this time only because with inflation, what you don't want to do is carry a lot of working capital. And so -- but certainly not eight points worth of differential. The other reason I would say is that because we lack capacity, there are a lot of categories like treats, for example, where normally we would merchandise a lot during this time of year, but we couldn't do that. And so not only do we not -- were we not able to service demand, but we had to pull back on merchandising. And a lot of times, retailers carry more inventory when they're going to merchandise. And so you really see that in our treats business. And then the third reason is we had a couple of big retail customers and we have a more mass merch orientation that didn't take inventory coming into the season because that warehouses full of other things. It's a little bit different customer set than our North America Retail business, for example. And so that's why we don't see it on the North America retail side. So, those are really the laundry list, if you will, of reasons why inventory was less. But as you can imagine, we've done a very deep dive on inventory levels by customers. And I can tell you, we don't think there's going to be a repeat performance of that nature in the third quarter. In fact, that's why we're comfortable guiding up double-digit sales growth again.
Andrew Lazar: And then, I think you were looking for flattish gross margins or so for the full year, if we were thinking about last quarter's conference call, obviously, with the upside to gross margins in this quarter despite the pet constraints on profitability. Could we see gross margins likely up year-over-year for the full year at this stage?
Kofi Bruce: Sure. Andrew, it is Kofi. Thanks for the question. Certainly, as we look at our revised guidance, that's within the range of possibilities. And while we're not giving specific guidance on gross margin, we're very comfortable we're making good progress against our long-term goal of getting our margin back to pre-pandemic levels. We're still about 150 basis points back of there. So, we're going to continue to drive at the things that will help us improve the margin profile as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. You may proceed.
Ken Goldman: I wanted to just ask, you seem confident understandably why, why the de-load won't happen again, and thank you for the clear explanation, Jeff, on what the drivers were. I'm just curious, as you progress into your third quarter, it might be a little early to ask because we're still not at Christmas. But are you seeing any refilling of inventory levels by retailers, if you addressed this already, forgive me, but just trying to get a sense of sort of more real-time data as to what's going on?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. I think a couple of points, Ken. Yes, we are early in the quarter. Having said that, there are a couple of things that give us confidence in our forecast for the third quarter, the first I would start with Life Protection Formula, which is our biggest dry business. And we've seen over the last six weeks, we've seen demand really rebound quickly. And that's important because that's the first business that we could bring back up to appropriate service levels. And so that gives us confidence. In addition to that, we -- I did tell you we were going to grow double digits in the third quarter. And I can report that we're only about three weeks into December. So it's -- but three weeks is not nothing, and I can tell you, we're on track to deliver what we said we're going to do in the third quarter, which again gives us more confidence that we're going to be able to do what we say we're going to do and that we've seen the pipeline of inventory start to refill itself because we're able to service the business better, and it's especially true on treats.
Jeff Siemon: And Ken, I'd add just to put some numbers on it, this is Jeff Siemon. For Life Protection Formula, the movement in Nielsen measured channels in the last month is up almost 20% and volume has been positive and accelerating recently now that we've gotten service back in the 90s. So just to put some dimensions on it, it's been encouraging to see that business grow basically in line with or even ahead of where the category is growing overall.
Ken Goldman: And then a quick follow-up. Just how do we think about the impact of adding more production from co-manufacturers and maybe re-stepping on the marketing pedal, for your pet food business in the third and fourth quarters, obviously, hopefully, there will be a better volume turnaround, and that will help as well. I'm just trying to get a general sense of, I guess, how to model those margins given all the puts and takes.
Jeff Harmening: So let me start and then Kofi can give you some more thoughts on the margin. I would say how to think about the whole basket. I would say, clearly, we anticipate our reported net sales to improve to double digits in the second half of the year behind all of the activity we talked about. Given that we went -- we've gone externally both in treats and more importantly, in dry dog food for -- to get capacity sooner, that obviously helps our service levels, external capacity doesn't tend to be as profitable. So I wouldn't anticipate our gross margins to rise as proportionately as our sales would rise. But the benefit is that we're getting back, and we're satisfying pet parents sooner. The other thing I would say is that to the extent that we increase advertising in the third quarter, and I think we have some really nice advertising. We're going to increase that double digits in the third quarter. I wouldn't expect our operating profit margin to rise as fast it should get better, a lot better, but it probably won't rise as fast as the sales growth in the near term, but that's a choice that we're making. And our choice is to get back to growth first and making sure we can get that flywheel going again. So Kofi, you want to add any color to that?
Kofi Bruce: Yes. And that said, we do expect profit growth on our pet business in the back half of fiscal '23. Some of the key things you'll see is we'll expect price/mix to catch up with inflation. We've got another effectively round of pricing coming through at the beginning of calendar year '23. We don't expect the pressure on supply chain to be as acute. So, we won't see as much sort of drag from other cost of goods sold. And of course, we're not expecting the inventory depletion and the pressure that and deleverage that comes with that headwind. So as a result, we would expect our second half top line growth should give us still a solid profit growth even if it's slightly behind the top line growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. You may proceed.
Max Gumport: Thanks for the question, and happy holidays. And going -- sticking with pet, you just mentioned another round of pricing you expect to come online in CY '23, I believe, and there's a narrative that the pet food industry in the U.S. could be on the horizon of getting more competitive due to potential supply/demand imbalances. I'm wondering, if you can provide any color on what you're seeing on that front?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, Max, thanks for the question. As we -- when you say more competitive, first of all, I would say that category is always competitive. There are a lot of great competitors in the category. Having said that, I suppose the question comes down to, you're talking about price competitive or something like that. What I would say is that we continue to see the premium end of the category growth. And we see Blue Buffalo is present life protection formula, again, continue to accelerate once we get supply back online. And in general, we see the premium part of the category doing quite well. And it's a category that really lends itself is a fairly inelastic category. And that's because pet parents really, really care about what they feed their pets. And so I don't anticipate between the nature of the category and the fact that we're still seeing inflation. Our inflation for the Company in the back half of the year will be up double digits. And so, it's not as if we're answering into a deflationary environment. We're all still making -- we're all still kind of recovering service levels. So the supply chain, we're not in an overcapacity situation. Supply chains are still have some catching up to do. So because we see inflation, because of the nature of the consumer, because of the nature of the supply chain, even though it's always a competitive category, I wouldn't see it getting more competitive in terms of pricing in the near term only because of all of those factors.
Max Gumport: Great. And one follow-up. So you mentioned that you expect the price elasticities to remain below historical levels during the remainder of FY '23 and also that there particularly benign in North America retail. I'm wondering what you're seeing on this front in your international businesses, particularly European Cereal as we've heard some commentary of a return to normal levels of elasticities in those markets from other industry participants.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. I guess I would say, in general, not commenting on cereal specifically, I guess, but in general in Europe. First of all, we say the economic situation in Europe is more challenging than it is here, particularly driven by energy prices and unemployment, that's a little bit higher than it is in the U.S. So I would start with that. The second, I would say, is that elasticities in Europe tend to be a little bit higher than they are in the U.S. normally, and we're seeing that in this environment as well. And that kind of plays itself out across categories. And so, whether it's cereal or bars or ice cream, so we -- so I would say the situation in Europe is a little more challenging than it is here, but it really has to do with a combination of macroeconomic backdrop, combined with elasticities in general, tend to be a little higher. But I would say directionally, we're seeing the same kinds of things there that we see here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. You may proceed.
Robert Moskow: You mentioned some new pricing actions in pet. Do you expect to take more pricing actions in North America retail as well? The public comments from the grocers sound increasingly concerned about higher pricing and the impact on their consumers. So, I wanted to know if there's any blowback on that. And then also, in the past, there's been unusual de-loading in January by some retailers to protect balance sheets. I think you mentioned it here today. Do you see any risk of that happening as well?
Jeff Harmening: So Rob, I would say as it relates to pricing, I mean, we've announced some pricing on pet. We've announced that to our retail customers already to take effect, I think, February 1. So we've announced that already. In terms of -- but I will also remind you that when we started the year, we said that for most of this fiscal year, we've taken most of the pricing that we need to take in the market already for this fiscal year. So that also remains true. But I will also say in the back half of the year, we're expecting double-digit inflation. So it's not as -- it may decelerate from where it is now, but then decelerating to double digits is not exactly zero. And even as we look across a longer horizon, I don't want to play Nostradamus with inflation rates. What I will say, though, is even looking out past six months, it's pretty clear to us that we'll still see an inflationary environment. It may or may not be as robust as it is now, but it will still be an inflationary environment, driven quite a bit by wage increases. So it's hard for us to see an environment where we don't see inflation. Even if that inflation -- those inflationary levels may not be exactly what we've experienced over the last six months. And so as we look at our business, we'll continue to look at pricing. But the key is that the pricing has to be justified. And this has always been the case. But it has to be justified based on the cost that we're seeing. And we find with our retail customers if we can justify the cost that we're seeing and that they know that we're investing in the growth of our categories, which we are through double-digit consumer spending increases, launches like minis and cereal and like the innovation we have in Pillsbury and Blue Buffalo, then the conversations are a lot more productive than otherwise. So that's, I guess, what it was a long-winded answer to a fairly straightforward question on pricing. With regard to retailer inventories, I would say we have seen a little bit less retail inventory because of this inflationary environment. But I would say as we look forward, we've probably seen -- I wouldn't -- I don't think that's a risk to our go forward either on Blue Buffalo or our business in general. So that's kind of some generalities. Jon Nudi, anything you want to add to that?
Jon Nudi: No, I think you hit it. I would just say that our SRM capability is something I'd point to is much more sophisticated than it was a few years ago. So as inflation continues to come, we'll leverage the entire toolbox. So it's not just list pricing, it's promotional optimization and mix and pack price architecture. And by leveraging all those tools, we believe that we'll be able to combat inflation as we move forward as well. And in terms of retailers, as Jeff mentioned, I mean, is pricing has never been easy. And even over the last couple of years that we've seen significant inflation. But if we can bring in a strong market basket story, we have had success moving pricing through the market.
Robert Moskow: Can I ask a follow-up? In the past, have you been able to go to retailers and show labor inflation internally and use that as a rationale for raising price. It seems like that's something new.
Jon Nudi: Yes, Rob, I think the scale of the inflation is different today, right? So we're seeing a double-digit inflation. And historically, over the last decade or so, we haven't seen a lot of inflation has been low single digits. So it really hasn't been a conversation because there really hasn't been enough inflation to take significant action. I think with the scale of the inflation we're seeing today and the sophistication, as I mentioned as well, we're able to really break down where we're seeing inflation and some things are starting to moderate. But at the same time, you're seeing things like labor, certainly, sprout remains sticky, and it's in the equation. And we've gotten more sophisticated but our retailers have as well. So again, I think we have really good constructive conversations that are really based on facts at this point.
Jeff Siemon: Rob, or where we see that impacting us is not so much our own labor, but it's the labor at our suppliers, which translates through their pricing to us. So yes, there's labor inflation in our own facilities, et cetera, but the much bigger aspect of labor is upstream at the supplier base.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. You may proceed.
Michael Lavery: I just wanted to come back to the elasticities and maybe understand a couple of things better. You say you don't expect to sort of revert to more normal levels over the second half. I guess -- or at least over the year? And is that just because half the year is done? Or what are you seeing something different maybe structurally what -- what's driving that expectation? And what would you consider a more normal level to be?
Jeff Harmening: I think what drives our assumption, Michael and [Frank] look is an assumption is that we still see the conditions for an elasticity relative in elasticity, not complete inelasticity, but relative inelasticity in the marketplace. And those conditions are a continuation of inflation. And even if they're not what we experienced in the first half, they're still double digit. The second is supply chain, the supply chain still having supply chain disruptions. Again, our service level is in the high 80s. So that's certainly a lot better than they were a year ago, which were they were in the 70s, but it's certainly not at 98% either. So a continuation of supply chain challenges. And also, consumers to be under pressure. In fact, it's highly possible consumers will be under more pressure over the next six months. And when that happens, consumers tend to eat at home more rather than eat out more. And so, it's very possible we'll see -- continue to see trading into food eaten at home. So those are the factors that we see and drive our assumptions that there won't be a significant change in elasticities over the next six months. But look, those are the assumptions based on what we see right now.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And I know China is fairly small, but just would love to get an update on maybe what you're seeing there. Obviously, in the second quarter, there were some of the lockdown, I guess, pressure or the -- certainly, food service challenges from those restrictions. As kind of evolving there, any update on the latest of what you're seeing in China and how we should think about that?
Jeff Harmening: Well, there's been a fairly significant policy change by the Chinese government on COVID and zero COVID. And it's going to be a ride, I think, for the next few months because we've had a population that's gone from relatively no COVID to quite a bit of COVID in the marketplace. And so that now people don't lock down as much. But I think when you have as much COVID as they have, we'll see not as many people venturing out, which is very good for our Wanchai Ferry dumpling business, which is half of our business and not as good for our Haagen-Dazs business. And so, I want to think about that business over the next few months, I think it's going to be a wild ride. But I would think that our dumpling business will do quite well. And our Haagen-Dazs business will maybe be a little bit more challenging over the next few months, but they're about equal in size.
Michael Lavery: Since they pivoted on policy, they've conveniently stopped giving information on case counts. But so I guess, yes, it -- is it pretty chaotic there? I mean, I guess we're just in for a few months of some uncertainty, but it sounds like you're positioned while neither stated that pretty well.
Jeff Harmening: I think so. I think in the grand scheme, it won't be material for General Mills, the shift from one to another. It may be a little more material for our Chinese market, but it won't be for the Company in aggregate. In terms of the case counts, I don't know, but they're clearly going up, and they're going up, they're going up rapidly for the moment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Pamela Kaufman: I wanted to come back to the Pet segment. And just to revisit what gives you confidence that you can return to double-digit growth in pet in the second half of the year? And can you decompose how you're thinking about the drivers of that growth? I mean, can you grow volumes with the capacity that you've secured? Or do you expect volumes to continue to decline with the growth driven predominantly by the pricing?
Jeff Harmening: So the -- so Pam, what gives me confidence are a combination of factors. And I think the key -- the first key factor is the restoration of our supply chain and of our capacity. And this particularly important in our treats area, and -- but it's also important for dry dog food and cat food as well. But I would start with treats and then go to dry dog and cat food. So the first piece of confidence is that we've -- we have gained enough capacity to actually to be able to grow volumes in the second half of the year on both of those platforms. And so that's the first piece. The second, though, then it has to be backed up by good marketing. I feel really good about our innovation, really good about what we're doing on the Wilderness brand, I feel good about our change to Tastefuls and cat dry food. I feel very good about our partnerships with our retail customers to get our treats business take started again. We have great products on treats. We've rebranded a lot of what we had bought from Tyson to Blue Buffalo. And so the branding is really good. We've got good programs with our retail customers. So I feel good about our ability to drive our treats business. And then we're going to increase our brand building by double digits. And we've actually already seen a return to volume growth on Life Protection Formula, and we didn't have innovation on that. We didn't have advertising increases on that. All we had a supply. So I feel like the key is supply and then building on top of that really good innovation, strong in-store execution on treats and good advertising at good levels on top of that, that gives me quite a bit of confidence that we'll be able to turn around the Blue Buffalo business in short order. And as we've seen through this whole time, even though our second quarter was not what we wanted and not what you all expected, the brand remains really good. And we've done a lot of brand -- a lot of brand testing. The brand remains really good. The trends towards humanization are really good. So the tailwinds in the category are still there for us behind a good brand and increased supply and marketing.
Pamela Kaufman: That's helpful. And you pointed to a lot of innovation that's coming within the Pet segment. Is there anything in particular that prompted your plans to step up innovation or were these initiatives already in the works? And how should we think about the margin impact of the innovation? You mentioned you're adding more meat to Wilderness. How are you planning to offset these costs? And what is the margin profile versus the existing portfolio?
Jeff Harmening: Well, I would say on the innovation front, we've been we've had innovation that we've been willing to put in the marketplace for some time. But obviously, we haven't been able to supply the base business where one or two. So adding innovation on top of that is probably not a good idea. In fact, I think the people listening should take a sign of confidence that we can supply our business better because we're bringing this innovation to the market -- marketplace. And we certainly wouldn't do that if we didn't think we could supply it. That would be my fit point of innovation. So we've had this plan for a while. When it comes to the product renovations themselves, I mean, Wilderness is a high-priced, high-margin business. And so, to the extent that the pet parents want more meat in the product, which they do, and we're giving that to them, that's to do wonders for our margin profile. In fact, I would tell you the most important thing that we can do to enhance our margins in pet is to grow pounds. And so, to the extent that we have the supply and the news on a high price, high-margin brand, that should be just what the doctor ordered for the margins for the pet business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. You may proceed.
Chris Growe: Good morning. I want to start first, if I could, with a question on the gross margin, perhaps for Kofi, but just to understand, the sequential change in the gross margin from 1Q. And again, your gross margin was up nicely year-over-year, and that's been quite unique in the industry. I just want to get a sense of any factors that are worth considering that occurred sequentially. And obviously, the one that stands out, I think, would be around Pet. Was that one of the sequential drivers of the softer gross margin absolute performance or any other factors that are worth noting there, if you could, please?
Kofi Bruce: Sure, Chris. You have the plot. Certainly, Pet is a contributing factor, but there are also some other structural things around mix of our business as we move from Q1 to Q2. We have a lot more volume from businesses such as soup and baking products, which is, as you know, are heavily merchandised in that seasonal window, so those tend to drive us to a structural step-down in margin as we move from Q1 to Q2. And the other factor, as you rightfully noted, was the acute pressure on Pet margins in this quarter.
Chris Growe: Okay. And I just had one more follow-up on the Pet profit. And you had indicated that the second quarter would be a little softer. You had some costs related to getting third parties and co-manufacturing ready, some inventory and warehousing costs. I guess I just want to get a sense of this second quarter Pet profit performance was unique. You plan on some of that occurring. So are a lot of those costs then sort of embedded in the business? Do you have any ongoing costs related to the co-manufacturing outside just that's a lower margin way to supply your business?
Kofi Bruce: Sure. So I would expect some of those costs to be structural for sure as we go forward. We'll have external supply chain costs related to the step-up in volume that we're getting. But not all of those costs will carry forward. Some of these costs were related to disruption and enrollment of additional warehousing capacity in that window. So we would expect in aggregate that the drag from those costs will reduce as we step into Q3 and Q4 for this year, which is part of the reason why we also expect profit growth and profit margin improvement as we step into those quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. You may proceed.
David Palmer: Just another angle on that gross margin question. If we look at this quarter, your gross margin is still down maybe 80, 100 basis points from pre-COVID levels, tons of cross currents there, but I'm wondering how you're thinking about that gap and your ability to get back to pre-COVID levels on gross margin? And the things I'm thinking about are you mentioned the supply chain friction costs, but there's going to be maybe be some categories out there where you're going to be pricing to protect profit dollars. And so, there's some math going against you. So I'm wondering if you'll need to see some easing in some key commodities in certain categories. But the other thing I'm also thinking about is you've had some very strong growth in some of your highest margin categories. So, I could imagine a scenario that you'd be -- particularly as you're doing as well as you're doing with dough that you could be above past peak as you get past some of these friction costs. So any commentary there would be helpful.
Kofi Bruce: Sure, sure. I'll try to do justice to your question. So as you think about the path forward, obviously, you hit on the first thing and sort of one of the precedent conditions will be a return to something that is a much more stable and closer to historical level of supply chain disruptions. We're still probably running about 2x our historic levels well off of the peak of 6x to 7x where we were last year, but still enough to be meaningful and significant. And we would also expect that once we get out of a short supply environment, it will be easier to get at HMM and more fully utilize that lever. And that we would expect some of the pandemic era costs related to servicing the business in a more stable environment will become easier and lower. So structurally, we view our job to kind of claw back about 150 basis points of margin versus our sort of pre-pandemic level. I think the stable environment from a supply chain standpoint will be one of the first and the most important things. And then second, it will be probably a return to more historic levels of inflation, moderation of inflation, which -- who knows when that's coming. But we're certainly positioning our business to make sure that we're taking the cost out as we as we have the opportunity to do so.
David Palmer: And just a separate follow-up. You talked about investments in your prepared remarks in digital and other capabilities. Could you just give us a sense about what you think the benefits will be from those investments and when and where we'll see that?
Kofi Bruce: Sure. So a lot of the focus of our investments in digital and technology to enable our marketing activity and as well our supply chain efficiency. So, we'll see benefits both in gross margins, and we would expect to see that deliver on growth. And then, I'll ask Jon if he wants to weigh in since we're seeing a lot of investment in our North America retail business.
Jon Nudi: Yes, absolutely. So as Kofi mentioned, supply chain is a big focus and there's a lot of opportunity for efficiency there. Now on the marketing side is really something we call connected commerce, and it's really the funnel -- the top of the funnel is we generate demand and in a digital world, more and more of our marketing is becoming digital marketing, performance-based marketing. So, we've invested heavily to acquire first-party data and really make sure that we have a strong marketing engagement platform that we can then serve up relevant messaging at scale and really customized for our consumers, we're seeing really incredible returns from that. Further down the funnel, at the bottom was actually the transaction that we're kind of ambivalent whether it's in-store or online. The margins are the same. We actually over-index from a share standpoint online. But we've developed quite a few digital tools to really understand the digital shelf. We grew up in a world that a bricks-and-mortar world that we understand Nielsen and the drivers of our business, digital is different, right? So, we had to develop the dashboards for our team is to really look at the metrics that matter, make sure the digital shelf is correct, make sure that our search metrics where they needed to be. And a lot of that is now digitized. It's on our leaders, computers every day in a dashboard form, and they're making real-time adjustments to the business. So I think you're seeing it actually translate into strong performance in the market today, and will continue to become even more sophisticated as we move forward and continue to invest in this capability.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cody Ross with UBS. You may proceed.
Cody Ross: Can you just clarify or quantify how much the retailer inventory reduction was in Pet this quarter? And then also, I apologize if I missed it, which channels or retailers was the inventory reduction in?
Jeff Harmening: I'll answer the first part of that question for you. The second one, I'll take a polite pass. But the -- on the first part, our retail sales, Cody, were about -- up about 8% during the quarter, and our reported net sales were flat. And so the difference between that 8% points was a reduction in retailer inventory for the variety of reasons that I stated earlier. In terms of which customers and retail, I'm not going to get into a customer-by-customer kind of dissection of that.
Cody Ross: Understood. Thank you for that. And then you mentioned in your prepared remarks adding capacity in fruit snacks and in pet treats and dog food. Can you just discuss holistically across your business? How much capacity you are adding? And can you walk us through the planning and analysis that is done to determine, which categories that you choose to add more capacity in?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. From a high level, I mean the what I would tell you, the best returns that we can generate as a company are adding capacity on platforms that we already know and that are already growing. And the litmus test for me is that if they're growing before the pandemic and they're growing during the pandemic make the chances they grow after a pandemic are quite a bit higher. And you see that in our Pet food business. You see that in Fruit Snacks. You see that in Totino's, you see that in Old El Paso. And so, we have a variety of businesses. You've seen that in our Cereal business. And so, we have a variety of businesses that we've seen continued growth, and we've run out of capacity. And frankly, as soon as we've generated capacity, I think Fruit Snacks is a good example. We've added capacity and you will probably need more given the high level of demand. So that's kind of how we look at it. We make sure that all of these growth investments are value enhancing for our shareholders. But to the extent there are growth businesses and they are good margin businesses and all of the above or meet that criteria then we're more than happy to invest in our own internal capacity.
Jeff Siemon: Okay. I think that's all the time we have for this morning. So Kelly, I think we can go ahead and wrap up. Thanks, everyone, for the time and the good questions, and happy holidays to everyone.
End of Q&A:
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and we ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-09-21 12:45:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the General Mills First Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Q&A Webcast. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, September 21, 2022. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Kelly and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for a Q&A session on our first quarter fiscal ‘23 results. I hope everyone had a time to review our press release and listen to our prepared remarks and view the presentation materials, which were made available this morning on our IR website. It’s important to note that in our Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are based on our current views and assumptions. Please refer to this morning’s press release for factors that could impact forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of non-GAAP information, which maybe discussed on today’s call. I am here with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; Kofi Bruce, our CFO; and Jon Nudi, Group President of our North America Retail segment. Let’s go ahead and get right to the first question. Kelly, can you please get us started?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. You may proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Kofi Bruce: Good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Maybe to start off, I think the area that diverged from expectations the most in the quarter was certainly on gross margin, which actually expanded modestly year-over-year. I was hoping you could provide a bit more detail on sort of the drivers of this performance. And maybe more importantly, how do you see the sustainability and sequential cadence of margin performance through the remainder of the year?
Kofi Bruce: Sure, Andrew. This is Kofi. I would just note we are pleased with the start on margins for Q1. The primary driver, just as we think about kind of where we are, the HMM cost savings plus benefits from price/mix, offset inflation, deleverage and our other sort of operating costs we have taken on in this environment to show modest expansion in the quarter. I think as we look forward, we are not going to give guidance largely in recognition still of the fact that we are in a highly dynamic environment and still vulnerable to supply chain disruption. So as we think about the operating environment, there is still a high degree of volatility. The biggest variables, as you can imagine, as we think about the gross margin progression for us are going to be volume performance on the level of disruption and as we obviously would just take note of the inflationary environment, where we just noted that we are expecting modestly higher inflation for the year. So that’s kind of the table setting.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. And then I guess second, I am curious of some of the volume declines that you are seeing just based on elasticity in, let’s say, North America retail. Do you have a sense for how much of that is due to, let’s say, the loss of promoted volume versus base or full price volume just given that you and others are not promoting as much in light of current service levels? And I guess I asked this, because it could help us get maybe an even better sense of the health of sort of the underlying business, if you will?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Jon Nudi, do you want to take that?
Jon Nudi: Yes, good morning, Andrew. So as we look at the unit declines, the vast majority of that is due to promotional pulling back and not so much frequency, but really adjusting our price points. So in most categories, it’s up to about 75% of the unit decline is due to promotional pullback.
Andrew Lazar: Okay, very helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. You may proceed with your question.
David Palmer: Hi. I am trying to think of a good follow up on gross profit, because obviously that was very impressive this quarter. I am wondering how are you viewing your gross profit performance, your gross margin performance versus your plan so far, maybe you could speak to that? And I am wondering to what degree would you be teasing or have us tease out perhaps some benefits that might not repeat in the future, some things that are outsized benefits such as some of the market share gains in your higher margin categories or perhaps promotional activity that you don’t feel like will be as favorable anything that you would do to caution us on gross margins?
Kofi Bruce: Yes. I think sort of broadly beyond the qualitative, let me get to the front part of your question. In the quarter largely the – what was sort of unexpected on gross margin was the level of volume and on the back of the elasticities that Jon just alluded to, which were lower than we expected going into the quarter and into the beginning of the fiscal year. So that resulted in less deleverage pressure. So that flowed through to gross margin. I think as a cautionary note, well, I would certainly be in the front of the line along with all our business leaders, including Jon to want the environment stabilized, I think supply chain disruption is still very, very real, categorically well above historical levels and the cost of servicing volume in this business even as we think we are doing it competitively in our North America business is just higher and will remain higher until we see that stabilization. So that probably is the first and primary cautionary note. And the second is obviously the interaction of pricing and volume and elasticities in this environment remains, still hard to read because we are in a historical period and it is hard frankly to [coalescence](ph). So those are sort of the cautionary notes and they all have pretty reasonably significant impact on gross margins. I think the last thing is, as we noted in the scripted remarks, we did flag some other headwinds that potentially will flow through to operating margin, including increased investment on the business to sustain long-term growth and the cost of the expected cost of the recall on Haagen-Dazs.
David Palmer: And if I could just squeeze in just a follow-up on your – the supply chain comment, was there improvement through the quarter such that your so-called exit rate, supply chain friction was less at the end of the quarter than it was at the beginning of the quarter that gives you hope that, that will be less going forward? And I will pass it on. Thanks.
Kofi Bruce: Yes, sure. So a fair question. As we entered the year, we expected a very modest improvement in the level of supply chain disruption. The quarter effectively played out in line with those expectations and with the expectations we set at the beginning of the year, which are we are still expecting a categorically higher level of supply chain disruption than our historical experience.
David Palmer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. You may proceed with your questions.
Chris Growe: Thank you. Good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Growe: I just had a question if I could. And I think you have an expectation that elasticity will increase from here. I think that’s a very prudent assumption. I am just curious if you are seeing any signs of that or any indicators that would increase that – that would indicate that elasticity is increasing or maybe some categories where you are seeing it perhaps that give you a bit of a warning sign for the business overall. It seems like it’s going pretty well across the industry. I just want to see if there is anything that we are missing here?
Jeff Harmening: Chris, this is Jeff Harmening. I mean, I don’t think that – I don’t think you have missed anything so far. As Kofi alluded to just a minute ago, elasticities have been more favorable to us than we had anticipated in the current environment, particularly as consumers have traded to away-from-home meeting to more at-home eating consumption. It’s just a matter of as we look through the year, we would anticipate that elasticities would become a little bit less favorable than they are right now, but still more favorable than they would have been historically, but so far, we haven’t seen really any change in elasticities, which for us was a positive for the quarter.
Chris Growe: That’s great. Thank you. And I know we have had a few gross margin questions. It was quite a great performance there. I just was curious maybe Kofi to you and to the phasing questions around the gross margins, do you still have price increases that are going into place that need to take place to offset the inflation? And I guess related to that, you had this increase in inflation, does that prompt you to take more pricing at retail overall? Thank you.
Kofi Bruce: No, I appreciate that. We have most – the vast majority of our pricing in the market to address or announced to address the inflation that we see, including the revised modest provision up in the inflationary guidance. And the last round being in our North America foodservice business, where we have taken some additional steps to address cost of goods as we saw more inflation in the quarter than we did price/mix. So I think we are in a place where we feel comfortable we have got this sort of bounded.
Chris Growe: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cody Ross with UBS. You may proceed with your question.
Cody Ross: Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking our questions. I am just going to nitpick a little bit here. You noted supply chain headwinds in pet. Can we unpack that a little bit, which brands and categories are you seeing the most impact? And I am just a little bit surprised that given the pet demand that you are seeing or demand in the pet category, you were not able to deliver total sales dollars in line with the fourth quarter of last year?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So let me take that, Kofi, and I’ll unpack it a little bit and then if you want me to unpack it even more let me know. But I would say first, I would remind everybody on the call that we grew our pet business double-digits yet again in the first quarter and then we have increased our pet sales of $1 billion over the last 4 years. And so while it may not have been the run-rate in Q4 is still growing at double-digits. So I guess that would be my first bit of context. The second I would always say is that I think it’s also important to remember that Q1 last year, our sales were really, really strong. And that’s not only because we had capacity, but also we are working off some inventory. So we are selling not only everything we could make first quarter of last year, but we are also drawing down inventory levels, a product we had made previously. And so the comparisons are particularly difficult by the way as they are in the second quarter of this year as well. And so the comparisons are really difficult. When we look at – so when we look at our performance, I would say our supply chain improved modestly throughout the quarter in pet. Our service levels improved modestly in line with our expectations. And we actually grew share in the wet pet food category and we lost share in treats and dry and that’s where we don’t have the capacity. Just to answer your question just a little further, as a reminder, we anticipate having more capacity for treats coming online in the third quarter in January of this year and then dry is going to take another few quarters to get in line. And that’s important to note because as we think about our second quarter in pet, we will have a lot of costs from increasing service in the business, whether it’s through external supply chain or through adding capacity on treats and warehouse space and all those things, but we won’t yet have the sales associated with it. So you can expect our second quarter pet to be a little bit challenged, but we’re highly confident that will rebound in the third and fourth quarters of this year.
Cody Ross: And that’s 2Q Pet margin that you’re referring to, not sales? I just want to make sure I understand that.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. I would say primarily the margin piece, yes.
Cody Ross: Got it. That’s helpful. And then one more quick question, if I may. You noted in your prepared remarks plans to step up brand building and investments for growth. Which categories and brands do you see the most opportunity? Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Well, I would say, over the long run, we see the most opportunity in our global brands and our local gem businesses. And so that they include businesses like pet and Haagen-Dazs and Nature Valley probably the biggest upside potential, but also some of our local gem businesses like Totino’s where we highlighted during the quarter and we are adding capacity is now a $1 billion brand for us, Pillsbury, which is a $1 billion brand, Wanchai Ferry in China. So the biggest areas of opportunity for us are going to be probably the ones that you would anticipate, which are big billion-dollar brands in global categories as well as some of our local gem brands that I just mentioned.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. You may proceed with your question.
Steve Powers: Hey, thanks. Good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Steve Powers: I want to hit on gross margin again. And then a follow-up on pet. On the gross margin, so acknowledging the uncertainty around volume progression and the supply questions, Kofi, you mentioned. We just focused on the phasing of run rate inflation relative to pricing benefits and HMM benefits. Do any of those things get tougher from 1Q before they get better? Or it feels like you’re relatively well caught up between pricing and productivity benefits relative to the rate of inflation as we run through the first quarter. So I’m just trying to get a sense of, a, if that’s correct and then, b, the only thing that can get worse for some reason before they get better?
Kofi Bruce: Well, I would say, broadly, we are modestly higher on inflation in the front half and modestly is probably appropriate. But I think on balance, it is still a relatively balanced year in terms of our inflation call it between 14% and 15%.
Jeff Harmening: Steve, this is Jeff – I’d just say, from a pricing standpoint, we will start to roll over more meaningful pricing in the back half of this year. And obviously, we saw a strong price/mix come through in Q1 that’s likely similar in Q2 and then it decelerates as we start comping more meaningful step-ups last year.
Steve Powers: Yes, okay. That’s fair. Thank you very much. And then on the Pet question, given sort of the tightness of supply, and it looks like you’re obviously making efforts to bring supply online. But it feels like the real relief isn’t going to come at this point until fiscal ‘24. We’ve seen competitors in the space start to buy up capacity to sort of accelerate that and get incremental capacity online sooner. And I just wanted to kind of play that off to you and just get a sense for – is that something you would consider as you think about capital allocation and M&A strategies is adding capacity through acquisition, something that’s on the table? Or are you more inclined to just stick to building it out and working through co-packers.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Thanks. Very fair question. Let me make sure. There is one point I want to make sure or clarify because you talked about relief coming in fiscal ‘24. I would say, I think about it in two pieces. And I’m not trying to nitpick, but I think this is important. Our treats - we’re lacking capacity and treat and dry. On treats, we will bring on external capacity in the third quarter of this year. So we don’t need to wait until fiscal ‘24 for treat capacity, and we are really short on that. We bought a great business on Nudges and True Chews and so forth, we are branding at Blue Buffalo. So we are really excited about what we can do. We just need the capacity, and we don’t need to go out and buy additional capacity for that because we will have what we come January. On the dry, it is true that it’s going to take a while for us to get dry capacity. And if something became available, whether it’s through external supply chain or buying or another source if the question, would we be willing to look at that, absolutely, we’d be willing to look at that if it would speed up our rate instead of doing it internally. We haven’t had that option yet present itself, but were we to, we would certainly evaluate that and the speed to market of that and the cost relative to doing it ourselves.
Steve Powers: Great. Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed with your question.
Jason English: Hey, folks. Thanks for slotting me in, and congrats on a strong start to the year. I’m going to come back to pet, but with really a different question. So first, the capacity that you’re going to be bringing on in dry, can you give us some context in terms of like quantify how much is this is going to add for you in fiscal ‘24.
Jeff Siemon: Jason, we said it was – it’s going to be about upwards of $150 million of capital that we’re putting in. We talked about that on the Q4 call. But beyond that, we haven’t - we haven’t quantified what percentage of additional capacity, but it will be a meaningful chunk to add.
Jason English: Okay, okay. And you are not alone, right, Nestle is adding, Mars is adding, Hills is adding, as Steve mentioned, both organically and inorganically, Simmons is adding, Phelps is adding, like [Indiscernible] in small manufacturers, there is a lot of capacity being built. It seems like it’s coming in like the wake of COVID as we start to anniversary a pull-forward of pet adoption. In other words, it seems like it’s coming at a time when there is not a lot of volume growth in the industry. How does this play out? And as we think forward, what’s the risk that gets pretty darn competitive with an overbuild of capacity and becomes a pretty promotional category.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. I understand the rationale behind the question. But I mean promotional activity in pet really is in a very productive effort because demand is pretty inelastic and consumers tend to be very loyal. I would also add that even pre-pandemic, as you probably realized, Jason, you probably remember this, is that we were growing Blue Buffalo double digits already even in a category that was barely growing in terms of pound before that. And the most important thing to remember is not the trend of the pandemic, but it’s a humanization trend, which I know you well remember. And that’s been going on for 15 years or so and Blue Buffalo is very well positioned to grow in that market. So even in the face of a category that sees low growth in pounds, Blue Buffalo participates in the fastest-growing part of a very attractive category with the best brand. And so we’re confident no matter what happens in the rest of the category. That Blue Buffalo is going to be well positioned as we look to the future.
Jason English: Yes. No doubt. I’m not arguing that premiumization should fade away. And to that point, you’ve got double-digit growth this quarter. I think everyone has double-digit growth because the inflation out there. Can you unpack maybe that that price/mix line then for us? Like how much of it just pass-through of higher cost? And how much of it is the mix, the premiumization that you’re talking about?
Jeff Harmening: It’s really a combination. So we did – we have seen meaningful pricing SRM actions on the business obviously, the business itself is high mix, but the largest amount is really what we’re seeing from an SRM standpoint in the quarter.
Jason English: Got it. Alright. Thanks a lot, guys. I will pass it on.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. You may proceed with your question.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, guys. Wanted to ask a question about foodservice. And I guess, looking at the margins in the quarter, I know you called out in the press release that maybe pricing has lagged outside of flower milling. So can you just talk about a couple of things. One, how much pricing do you think you’re going to need to recover margins? Can margins sort of recover in the course of fiscal ‘23. And then maybe separate from that, is there any, I guess, like stranded cost or dis-synergy related to the resegmentation that’s kind of reflected there. So is it more than just inflation? And is there any like stranded cost or anything related to the resegmentation that’s affecting it in the near-term?
Jeff Harmening: So I’ll have Kofi probably get into the specifics of this, but this is Jeff. Let me just – it was – it’s a lot to unpack in food service this quarter. I guess one of the takeaways top line I would share with you is that we have high confidence in our food service business and certainly and the fact that we can grow it into the future and that the margins will improve. So I want you to know there is nothing fundamentally mass in our food service business. Having said that, it was – there is a lot going on in this particular quarter. So probably let Kofi explain a little bit of that.
Kofi Bruce: Sure. And let me just start with your reference to index flower pricing or index pricing on our bakery flower, so as a reminder, that is profit neutral, dollar profit neutral. So as prices go up to cover costs, it just flows through at a fixed dollar profit. So as you think about that, a good chunk of the price/mix you saw in the business, which was about 21 points was actually driven by index pricing. On the rest of the business, we did not see enough price/mix come through to cover – fully cover the inflation in the quarter. We subsequently have additional pricing to work with pass-through to the customers. And we would expect in the balance of the year, we will continue to see improvement in the margin prospects for the business. To your question about stranded costs, so as we – just as a reminder, we decoupled the convenience business, primarily focused on convenience stores and other smaller convenience channels and put that into North America retail as part of the snacks business. And with that, we actually moved administrative structure as well. So there isn’t really an overhang from stranded costs, all of that kind of went with the business. So this is a pretty fair representation of the underlying food service business margins.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. So, some of this is just the math of flour prices going up, you get the dollar profits, but it’s profit neutral. And the rest is really just going to be catching up to inflation, I guess in the non-flour milling piece? Is that a good way to say that?
Kofi Bruce: That is exactly the way I would put it. You have got it.
Jeff Harmening: And Bryan, just to maybe put a finer point on that pricing going up for index pricing with no incremental profit dollars coming with it is actually margin negative for the segment in the quarter to the tune of about 200 basis points. So, margin which is obviously a big portion of – you are seeing that flow through in this quarter.
Bryan Spillane: Yes. Perfect. Thanks Jeff. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Jeff Harmening: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. You may proceed with your question.
Jonathan Feeney: Hey. Good morning. Thanks very much. Two questions. First, I wanted to on the 14 – dig-in on the 14% to 15% expected COGS inflation. Could you comment, if you can, any more about kind of how much of that is input costs relative to all the other structural inflationary things in Japan? Just a flavor for that or is input cost the vast majority of that would be helpful. My second question would be more broadly in the U.S. promotional levels, merchandising levels or if you want to use the syndicated data, something like 10 points off their pre-COVID normal. Do – are retailers expecting they get back to that pre-COVID normal at some point? Thanks.
Kofi Bruce: Yes. Well, let me start on the front part of the question, and then I will hand the second part probably to Jon or Jeff. Just as you think about our call on modestly higher inflation, we are seeing a couple of things go on, but primarily it reflects the burden of higher labor, energy and transportation costs on our suppliers, in particular, on items in our COGS that have high conversion. So, think about your value-added ingredients such as nuts, fruits, flavors, etcetera, so the pass-through impact of that. Second is that we – as we have been working our way through the quarter and on the expectation that we will see higher volume flow-through as a result of slight lower elasticities than expected. We have outstripped coverage in some areas. So, we are actually buying out in the back of the year at and exposed to more spot market prices. So, that – those are the primary drivers as we think about it. And then just as a reminder, we started taking coverage positions at the turn of the calendar year for this year. And our coverage position is still reasonably strong relative to the spot prices. So, we are effectively pretty in the money as you think about our coverage. So, those are some of the critical things just as you think about the guidance and how we are thinking about the balance of the year on inflation. And then I will let Jon or Jeff handle the second part of your question.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Let me – this is Jeff. Let me take that one. I think as I said at a conference a couple of weeks ago, we think the risk of promotions ramping up significantly over the next couple of quarters is quite low. And the reason is that you kind of have to believe three things to be true in order for – to see a lot of promotions increase. The first, you would have to think that this inflationary cycle were different than the ones we have seen before. And I was running a business in the last inflationary cycle here at General Mills. And what we see is that there isn’t really a sharp increase in promotions coming out of an inflationary cycle. So, you have to think that the environment would be different. The second thing is you have to believe the disruption in the supply chain are going to change significantly from where they are now. And the third is that you would have to see COGS inflation not only decelerate, but also get to absolute deflation. And the fact is that I think you need all three of those things, we don’t see any of those things as we see right now. We just increased our guidance on inflation a little bit. We have told you that supply chain disruptions remain high, elevated, they are about 2x what they were before the pandemic, even if they are below what they were a year ago. And then there is inflationary cycle as we see keep playing out, so – but that’s what we think. I mean that the risk is relatively low given what I just laid out.
Jonathan Feeney: Thanks. Very helpful.
Jeff Harmening: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. You may proceed with your question.
Ken Zaslow: Good morning guys.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Ken Zaslow: Two questions. One is, what are your expectations for your innovation progression this year and next relative to the last 2 years?
Jeff Harmening: I would say in aggregate, we would expect our levels of innovation to roughly flow the same as they have in prior years. I would say the one exception to that would probably be our pet business. Clearly, when you are capacity constrained innovating when you are capacity constrained is a little bit difficult. And so in pet, we would see our innovation weighted to the second half of the year, and we will talk about that more in December. We are actually quite pleased with some of the innovation we see coming. A lot of it is on our established businesses and some of it some new products. But in pet, I would say that we probably have more coming in the second half of the year than the first half of the year. But in general, the promotion – the innovation timing is roughly similar.
Ken Zaslow: But you don’t think that you will accelerate given your supply constraints being a little bit ease. I would have thought you would have told me your innovation will actually accelerate over the next 2 years, given all the things that have happened between the consumer and the – but I hear what you are saying. I am just curious. And then my next question is as you go forward in a couple of years, can your gross profits expand if elasticity becomes what you think it’s going to be and volumes don’t kind of subside a little bit, or do you truly need the volume operating leverage because that seems to be one of the points you pointed to as a key core reason for gross margin expansion. So, I was just trying to get a little color on that, and I appreciate your time.
Kofi Bruce: Sure. I appreciate the question. This is Kofi. So, I would just note. Our gross margins are down still relative to the pre-pandemic. So, in fiscal ‘19, probably about 140 basis points or so and I think the goal for us during this inflationary period has really been to drive our HMM cost savings between roughly 3% to 4%. And our price mix benefits from SRM to be enough to offset inflation. And I think actually, as we measure it, we have done a pretty good job of kind of covering the inflation with the combination of those two things. The reason our gross margins are down versus that period is because of the cost of dealing with supply chain disruptions and the additional cost to operate and serve the business in this environment. So, those costs, when the supply chain environment stabilized are the things that we would expect to be able to take out in relatively short order with targeted HMM and productivity actions as well as changes in our supply footprint. And that, I think gives us confidence that as we step out of this environment, we will be able to get our gross margins back to sort of pre-pandemic levels in a more stable environment.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. Appreciate it. Thanks guys.
Jeff Harmening: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. You may proceed with your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: You have mentioned consumers shifting back to more food at home as part of what’s probably softening elasticities, but your organic growth in food service outpaced North America retail. And even going back a few years, I know there are some moving parts, maybe the comparisons aren’t all perfect, but it looks like even against fiscal 1Q ‘20, it’s growing faster. Is there – is that driven by inflation and index pricing, or is there just that much momentum in food service? Maybe help us reconcile just how strong the numbers look versus some of the very logical color about consumer shipping back to more homes.
Jeff Harmening: Michael, you are right in the sense that it is logical to assume that the food service will move in a different direction than with our retail business, given the trend at at-home consumption. But there are two things playing into this for the quarter and one thing playing over this more generally. In the quarter, remember, we have a lot of index pricing on bakery flour, which is – which really inflates the sales number on our food service business. I mean the accounting is right, but it just – it makes it look higher than it would be otherwise. And so that really all of our growth this quarter in food service is a result of that index pricing. That’s the first thing I would tell you. The second is that even given that, though, our food service business doesn’t move in perfect correlation, inverse correlation with our retail business because we have a really big school business. And so we are not only servicing restaurants, we have a significant part that we sell cereal and yogurt and other baked goods through our education, and we are really, really good at that. And so that demand tends to be a little bit more inelastic. And so even though it may seem logical in the face of it, they have food service inversely with retail, and point of fact, ours doesn’t move perfectly that way for that reason, even if we take out of consideration the index pricing.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That’s helpful. And then can I just follow-up on – you called out higher SG&A in pet as one of the margin drivers or having an impact on margin. What maybe is behind that? I guess I am just curious because if there is the capacity constraints on two of the biggest pieces of that business, it wouldn’t seem like it’s higher marketing. Is it just a sort of a step-up in the G&A, or what’s behind the SG&A curve there?
Kofi Bruce: Yes. No, we have had, along with most of our retail businesses, modest increases in our spending behind data and analytics. So, that would be a big chunk of, as you think about what’s driving SG&A growth in the comp. That would be more of it. As you know, obviously, we have maintained modest levels of increases in media as we step through, and we are trying to manage through the supply pressure on this business.
Jeff Harmening: And Michael, the one other thing is you have got now a full quarter of the Tyson business that we acquired last year. So, there is a bit of step-up in SG&A just by the math of adding an incremental business there.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks for all of that.
Jeff Harmening: You bet. Okay. I think we are going to go ahead and wrap up there. I appreciate everyone’s time and good questions. And please feel free to follow-up over the course of the day with the IR team, and we look forward to being in touch next quarter.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and we ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-06-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the General Mills Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Q&A Webcast. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, June 29, 2022. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Kelly, and good morning to everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for a Q&A session on our fourth quarter and full year fiscal '22 results. I hope everyone had a time to review our press release, listen to our prepared remarks, and view our presentation materials, which were made available this morning on our Investor Relations website. Please note that in our Q&A session, we will make forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. Please refer to this morning's press release for factors that could impact forward-looking statements, and for reconciliations of non-GAAP information, which may be discussed on today's call. I'm here with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; Kofi Bruce, our CFO; and Jon Nudi, Group President of our North America Retail segment. Let's go ahead and get right to the first question. So Kelly, can you please get us started?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: I think you've talked about over the course of this year how the combination of HMM and pricing and other levers have actually been pretty effective. It's sort of protecting a lot of the -- at least the dollar cost of actual sort of inflation, but that supply chain costs and some other things, of course, have weighed on margins and profitability as well, like it has for the Group as a whole. I guess as you look forward to '23, I think you mentioned that you anticipate another sort of call it low double-digit benefit from pricing, that's you've taken already or is already in place. But of course, you still see another very significant 14% jump in inflation, and slowly but surely, hopefully will continue to improve on the supply chain side. So I guess the question is, do you think that the combination of the pricing and the HMM, and the other levers that you've got would be enough in fiscal '23 to sort of better protect dollar profits, even including some of the supply chain issues and other things as opposed to just cost inflation? And then I just got a quick follow-up. Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Kofi, do you want to take that one?
Kofi Bruce: Absolutely. Thank you, Andrew. So as we think about our approach to the next fiscal year, we're thinking about it much the same way. We're expecting only a modest decline in the level of supply chain disruption. We expect, as you mentioned, our price realization, and the combination of HMM to largely offset the dollar cost of the 14% inflation that we've called. And our expectation is that the remainder costs from disruption, we would work out over time to the extent that we see the environment stabilize. So the only big question remains, when that happens, we’re -- I think we're expecting another year of uncertainty candidly similar to the table that was set this year.
Andrew Lazar: And then, obviously, it's still very dynamic and I know there have been plenty of discussions and a lot of debate, of course, around pricing and cost and everything else. But as you build your plans going into '23, and then discuss them with your key retail customers and things, I guess, are there things that have changed a little bit around going into your plans for fiscal '23 in terms of your retailer conversations versus let's say, a year ago, meaning things around innovation or marketing plans, merchandising plans? I mean, are you seeing customers start to think a little bit differently about those things as opposed to simply the pricing and inflation dynamic or right, being naive, and we're just not there yet? Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Jon, you want to take that question?
Jon Nudi: Yes, absolutely. So it's certainly a dynamic environment, there's no doubt about that. And certainly inflation and supply are two big topics that we spend a lot of time with retailers on. But I would say, Andrew, that things are pivoting back a bit more to growth from a marketing standpoint, from an innovation standpoint, we're having those conversations as well. And also, how do we provide value to consumers at a time that they need as well. So we're talking about many things that we're -- honestly, a year ago, it was really about supply that we were thinking then. So I think things are getting back to some of the conversations we've had in the past and it's all about how do we profitably grow our businesses together.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: I guess my question -- and maybe this is for you, Kofi. If we look at the guidance, the organic guidance, right, so the revenue range is 4% to 5%. And if you add back the impact of the -- the net impact of the divestitures and acquisitions, the operating income ranges is 1% to 4%. So, can you just kind of help us kind of think through what are the drivers that would cause you to be at the low end of that range, the OI range or the higher end of that OI range, again, assuming that 4% to 5% organic sales growth is the right number? Is it a reflection of commodity volatility? Or just like, what are some of the pieces there that kind of describe or inform that that wider range in OI?
Kofi Bruce: Appreciate the questions. And think back to my earlier comments about sort of the backdrop for the operating environment. It still remains volatile with a high degree of uncertainty. I think we're expecting as a backdrop that the supply chain disruptions to the extent they are foreseeable will, in the near-term, not abate that much. So that is a factor that even as we worked through this past year, was a headwind to margins and even as we moved from quarter-to-quarter, provided some volatility to our expectations. So the guidance range primarily reflects that. And then obviously inflation is, our best call based on the information we have in front of us is 14%. But I would note that our expectations moved up, even as we worked through the early part of this last fiscal year we just closed. So those are the two primary sources of volatility driving our expectations on the range.
Jeff Harmening: I would just add one additional piece on the inflation is, we are about 55% covered on our ingredients and packaging material requirements. As we start the year, that's a bit higher than average. But that still leaves obviously some lack of coverage, especially in the back half of the year, so [Indiscernible] point about the uncertainty.
Bryan Spillane: And anything in terms of I guess you might -- you must know more about the first half of the year than the second half of the year, just anything we should think about that in terms of phasing, just in terms of the inflationary pressures is a little bit more front or back half loaded?
Kofi Bruce: So I think, that's a great question and one worth just a little bit of comment. So as you think about the year. I would say, we'd expect that the first half profit growth to be slightly weighted and favorable to the second half. A lot of that, obviously, is in part of the weight of the comparison on this Q4 that we just closed. But as you think about inflation, which you also referenced, we would expect that to be highest in Q1 and then decelerate as you work sequentially through the comps over the course of the year. And price mix, we'll expect a partial impact in Q1 from recent actions, and a full impact kind of in Q2. And then the other factor that I’d just call out that's worth mentioning is the impact of divestitures, the ones that we've announced and the ones that we've closed, will be a bit higher in the first half before we begin the lap the yogurt and dough divestitures which happened in the second half of this recent fiscal year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: I just have a couple of questions. Kofi, I think in the middle of the year, you actually quantified the cost of supply chain disruptions. And I don't know if you've quantified it since. Do you have a number for us? And when you talk about your pricing and HMM actions offsetting cost inflation, does it also offset that disruption estimate or is that a separate number? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Kofi Bruce: Yes. So we did provide a number, it's -- I think, is in the range of 200, previously 250, is about where we halved the mark here at the end of the year. And then think back to my earlier comments, as we look at the full year, our adjusted gross margins are down. And if you kind of deconstruct that the elements would drive you to inflation being about 500 basis points, roughly drag, offset, almost completely by price mix and HMM. And that leaves the cost of the operating environment, the disruptions to deleverage other intermodal transports, all the things that we're doing to accommodate supply in this environment as the driver of the margin decline.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And I might just not be competent in finding things, but I'm having trouble finding the price mix for North America retail in fourth quarter. I think I'm backing into something like 16% pricing. So…
Kofi Bruce: You are close.
Robert Moskow: Okay. So if your cost inflation is…
Kofi Bruce: 15.5 is the number, our organic price mix.
Robert Moskow: And I guess here's the question. If your cost inflation for the year is only 14%, but you're running pricing at 16%, isn't that a net positive?
Kofi Bruce: Are you talking this fiscal year or next fiscal year?
Robert Moskow: Fiscal '23. So for fiscal '23, I think you're guiding to 14% inflation, but your pricing in your biggest segment of the market is up mid-teens. So I guess it seems like the pricing benefit is -- from a dollar standpoint is a net positive compared to your price inflation on a -- cost inflation on a dollar standpoint.
Kofi Bruce: Rob, I think you've got -- you have to remember that we'll be starting to roll over some pricing as we come into fiscal '22 and certainly much more so as we get into the back half of the year as we have significant pricing come through in the back half of -- sorry, of fiscal '22, we'll be rolling over that in fiscal '23. My apologies. And then the other piece that would be included in that would be the offset from volume and deleverage that comes through. We mentioned that we are expecting elasticities to be below historical levels, but to increase somewhat as we go through '23.
Robert Moskow: Okay, that makes sense. And should I think about like for first quarter pricing, is it -- you're lapping only a 4% price mix for North America. You're taking more action. So are those two things kind of offsetting each other do you think? Like you will still be mid-teens in first quarter?
Kofi Bruce: Yes, roughly. I think that's a fair assumption.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: Just looking at the SNAP benefits that Federal COVID Emergency Authorization is now set to run at least into October and that of course supports the state emergency elevated levels of SNAP benefits that have been pretty significant, contemplate your top line guidance. What assumptions do you make around how that might unfold?
Jeff Harmening: I would start and I'll have Jon Nudi follow-up on this but I -- Michael, I would start with the -- our assumptions include people starting to eat from away from home more to a little bit at-home eating. And so I think as consumers become more concerned about their economic reality, the first thing they tend to do is eat more at home and less away from home. And we've seen restaurant traffic year-over-year in the last couple of months has gone down a little bit. And eating at home has gone up. And so as we think about our assumptions for the year -- and we saw this in the last recession, The Great Recession, we saw that consumption away from home eating was down and replaced by at-home eating, we're seeing the same kind of behavior starting now. So that's actually the first place I’d start. And then -- and that's because consumers want to eat out more, but the cost of eating away from home is more than double the cost of eating at home. And then of course, there's value seeking behaviors once they get in the store. But consumers try to change their habits as little as possible, and still be able to get what they want. And so that's how we frame. I mean, it's a not answer to the SNAP question. But before we go deep down that hole, I just wanted to start with kind of an overarching comment. And Jon or Kofi, do you want to take over a little bit on the SNAP question?
Jon Nudi: Yes, so thanks, Jeff, and I think you hit it exactly right. So SNAP is obviously one of the elements that will drive top-line. And while SNAP is down versus pandemic highs, it's still above pre-pandemic period. So we continue to monitor SNAP and it plays into things. But as Jeff mentioned, some bigger factors in play, as well, including the shift to more at-home eating, and then even what's playing on their categories. We've obviously watched very closely as well in terms of how branded players are performing, how private label is performing. And if you look back through history, during economic downturns, we tend to perform pretty well to see our categories increase by 1 point or 2 point in terms of volume performance. We've actually held our own from a share standpoint during those periods. We've seen the second and third tier brands lose share to private label. So it's a dynamic time. We're very close to our business and watching all the factors, SNAP is just one of those.
Michael Lavery: And just to follow-up, I know you've called out the elasticities you expect to start at least getting closer to normal levels, and factoring in some of that volume piece. On the pricing side, just especially with what the consumer is facing and some of the pushback maybe even from retailers, are you starting to feel like you're hitting a price ceiling in any categories? Or is it really still more of the same like it's been in this recent environment?
Jeff Harmening: I would say until this point we haven't really seen any change in elasticities. And I think the reason for that -- there's a couple reasons for that. One is that consumers are switched to more at-home eating because it's more expensive. So the reason I started talking about, I would say would be a big contributor to elasticities not having changed much even over the last month and what they were two or three or four months ago. And the consumer is actually still in -- they're still in a decent place. They're getting nervous. But when it comes to savings rates or the employment rate and consumers are still spending quite a bit of money. Now as they look ahead, they get nervous because they see inflation and so forth. But right now the consumer is in a decent place and any -- we haven't really seen any elasticity change. I think that's because of the shift from away from home to at-home eating.
Operator: Next question comes from Cody Ross with UBS.
Cody Ross : I just want to dig a little into pet here, because the pet margin continues to slide further driven by inflation and supply chain disruptions that you called out. Did this catch you by surprise during the quarter? And when do you anticipate the rate of margin declines to moderate? And then I have a follow-up.
Kofi Bruce: Yes, absolutely. Sorry. I just presumptively jumped in there. So thanks for the question. I just want to kind of set the frame by just acknowledging I think the pet business for us is still seeing a really strong demand, right? And we've grown the pet business double digits on both the top and the bottom line in the four years post acquisition. So this is more a function as we look at the margins, specifically around 2 things roughly in equal measure. The first, the impact of the acquisition that we completed early this year, this past fiscal year of the pet treats business, which is -- has largely driven by some onetime costs and some modest margin dilution that comes with that business. And then second, the cost to serve, which were acutely higher in the quarter on the pet business. We've sought to service that business at levels to meet demand. We candidly were not able to produce to the demand we saw in the quarter and have had challenges and headwinds as we worked through the year. We're taking significant actions to your question on kind of what we're doing about it to debottleneck and continuing to add external supply capacity. In addition, we've put $150 million of capital spending, additional capital spending behind our dry dog food business, which is where we're seeing the most acute challenge on service to get additional capacity online in -- starting in '24. So we would expect this -- the margin pressure to modestly improve as we take the near-term actions and then the real unlock to come as we get additional capacity both external and internal online.
Cody Ross : And I just want to follow up a little bit about gross margin and some of the stranded costs you expect. So if you combine the low double-digit price mix with the HMM savings, it looks like you should fully cover the inflation you're going to endure next year. You'll also be lapping the supply chain challenges in the second half next year. Is it fair to say right now that gross margin could actually increase next year? And if not, is that because of stranded costs? And if so, can you just kind of give us any color as how much stranded cost you expect?
Jeff Harmening: Cody, this is Jeff. I think you've got the right drivers. You're right that HMM plus our SRM pricing actions are intended to offset the inflation component. We did talk about a modest decline in disruptions. We will have an impact from divestitures and obviously, particularly the Helper and Suddenly Salad divestiture. That's clearly a higher-margin business as we disclosed in the announcement on the deal. And so the divestiture of that business will have a negative mix impact on margin for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley.
Pamela Kaufman : In the prepared remarks, you highlighted that portfolio reshaping is going to be an ongoing aspect of the company's strategy. One of your key competitors is pursuing a more surgical approach to portfolio reshaping. What are your views on pursuing a similar strategy? And have you considered splitting up the company across higher and slower growth segments?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Thanks for that question. You know what I love is that our strategy is working, and it has been working, regardless of what competitors are doing. Our strategy has been working for the last 4 years, as that inspire continue growth above our long-term algorithm and the fact regaining share in the majority of our categories. And so I think actually, the worst thing that we could do is look at what somebody else is doing and try to emulate that when the strategy we have is working. And I say that because we're executing well on our core business as evidenced by the share gains over the last 4 years. But we've also integrated M&A quite well and whether that's seamlessly divesting the yogurt business or aggressively growing Blue Buffalo and the pet treat business, we feel great about that. The other thing I would say is it kind of goes -- people get lost and we talked -- there are a lot of dis-synergies or splitting things up and not only financial dis-synergies, but also capability of dis-synergies. And let me get me give you a couple of examples. When we bought the Blue Buffalo business, one of the things we said was that the capabilities we have at General Mills are very similar to what is needed at Blue Buffalo. And one of those is extrusion technology, which is the technology we use in cereal. And we're 1 of the world leaders, if not the world's best at extrusion technology. The same would be true for things like thermal processing, where the same technology that's used for wet pet food is used things like soup and yogurt and other things. And so for a whole host of reasons, but ending with our strategy is working. Whatever our competitors do, their strategy may be best for them, but we really like our strategy. We like the way it's working. And at the end of the day, it's creating quite a bit of value for shareholders.
Pamela Kaufman: Great. Thanks. And also, you've discussed how you expect consumers to seek more value given the pressures that they're facing. In this environment, how are you thinking about managing price gaps versus private label and your branded competitors? It seems that your price gaps have widened pretty meaningfully versus private label in your categories. So what are your expectations around trade down? And how are you thinking about price gaps going forward?
Jeff Harmening: I'll let Jon Nudi answer the details. I would note that our pricing, it has been higher in the last few months, but at the same time, we're still growing share, which I think speaks to the strength of our brands. But Jon, you want to follow up?
Jon Nudi : Yes, absolutely. And Jeff, you touched on this before, but it's not only looking at our categories but looking at broader consumption. So it starts with the consumers eating away at restaurants or eating at home and we're seeing the shift to at-home, which is important. We've built an SRM capability over the last 5 or 6 years that we're really proud of. And it's much more sophisticated today than it was. We're able to monitor what's happening in the environment, and they take targeted actions and it might be list pricing and make promotional optimization. So we're taking the actions we believe will enable us to win in the categories that we're competing in. And we are. If you look at the past year, we've grown share in the majority of our categories, not only North America retail, but really across the enterprise, leveraging this SRM capability. We take private label very seriously, I would call it retailer brands. We believe the best course is to make sure that we build our brands and we innovate. And over time, if you look at our performance, our categories actually hold up really well versus private label. On total food and beverage private label is in 18 share and our categories is a 10. And again, we believe that's because we build our brands and we innovate and we'll continue to do that as we move forward. So we compete in North America retail in over 25 categories. We're laser focused on looking at what's happening from an inflation standpoint, how we're going to offset that from a pricing standpoint, how we're going to build our brands and how we're going to innovate. Again, we feel good about our plans for the coming of the year. We do believe that we're going to be able to compete effectively and grow share in a majority of our major categories again in fiscal '23.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: Just had a question for you to be clear on kind of the phasing of pricing through the year. Is it -- so you have pricing actions that have already either been announced or -- and you have carryover pricing from this past year. So is it the second quarter when pricing plus your HMM cost savings would be sufficient to offset inflation. Is that the right way to think about that in the second quarter?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Sorry, I jumped in again. So, Chris, roughly it’s right. I think that's a fair expectation given the inflation assumption for the year and the expected phasing.
Chris Growe: Okay. And then I was curious, jumping over to the pet division. You're bringing on new co-packers. You want to have new capacity available it sounded like until fiscal '24. Do you believe you can meet demand in fiscal '23 with the addition of co-packers and perhaps some of the new capacity that's going to allow you to meet demand in fiscal '23 for that division?
Jeff Harmening : I think it's fair to say in the near term, this will continue to be a headwind. We expect modest improvement to come in the near term primarily from bottlenecking and enrollment, continued enrollment of additional external supply chain capacity. But I would expect it to be probably enough to satisfy the demand we're seeing in the business in the near term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Tom Palmer: It's Tom Palmer on for Ken. I wanted to ask on elasticity. So guidance assumes elasticity increases but remains below historic levels. I just want to make sure I understand this. Are you assuming elasticity returns to more normal levels at some point of the year? Or that some degree of below-average elasticity persists throughout the year? And why you have that view and what do you consider to be normal elasticity?
Jeff Harmening: Do you want to take that, Kofi?
Kofi Bruce : Yes. This is Kofi. So I think the fair assumption is, for the full year, our guidance is predicated on elasticities being higher than this past year, where, as a reminder, they were significantly below what our historical modeling would tell us. We are not expecting for the balance of the year a return to the full levels of elasticity that the historical models would indicate. Structurally, there are a number of reasons for this, I think Jeff referenced a lot of them around the at-home dynamics, the consumption patterns that we expect to see from consumers being a primary driver as a backdrop. And then I think it's hard to drive by the continued challenge around supply chain disruption as you think about that as a backdrop for choice and selection for consumers. And then lastly, when you think about the broader inflationary pressures and the value trade-offs that the consumers make, it's important to note that inflation is hitting away-from-home through more heavily than even at-home food. So I think all of those things are good for our assumption.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thank you for that. And then just on shipment timing, I think a quarter ago, you talked about how some of that under-shipment in North America would likely be a fiscal '23 event, at least looking at Nielsen seems to be a bit of timing benefit in the fourth quarter. Is there more to come as we think about 2023?
Jeff Harmening : Jon, do you want to take that?
Jon Nudi : Yes, absolutely. We actually don't believe there is any benefit in the quarter. We think non-measured channels is really the difference versus what you see in Nielsen and movement versus [R&S]. So we don't believe that we either build inventory or replenish it at our customers. So as we move through the first half of fiscal '23, we expect some of the same service issues that we experienced through fiscal '22 to still be with us. So as a result, we're not baking in any real benefit from rebuilding inventories.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers : Just a relatively quick follow-up on pet, if I could. I think the discussion has been pretty full. But I guess the growth rate as realized in the quarter was still quite substantial despite the supply constraints. So I guess is there -- can you give us some color on what that implies about what you're seeing in all channel consumption, #1? You said you're not delivering to that demand. How you're thinking about channel inventory levels, any risks that we should be -- that you're monitoring or we should be aware of around fulfillment rates or out of stocks? I guess I'm looking at the current situation as a potential opportunity as you catch up, but I'm also just trying to level set on the interim risk.
Jeff Harmening : Yes. Well, let me frame it primary into the lens of what we saw for service. And as we look at the fourth quarter on this business, our service levels came in at the high end of 60%, low end of 70%. So I think the opportunity as we go forward is to be running probably closer to 80%. But we see strong demand across all the channels as we look forward. So this is not a demand issue. It is ultimately going to be even modest improvements in supply will allow us to unlock additional growth and the other factors be listed around retailer inventories are less a challenge and a consideration as we look ahead.
Jon Nudi: And I would say in terms of risk, I'm not sure there's risk beyond what we've already identified in our guidance. I mean the demand is clearly there, and we've accounted for the fact that in the very near term, we're not going to catch up fully to demand, but this is not beyond the way of what we know how to do. I mean this is really about debottlenecking capacity and using external sources and then building more capacity. And so as you indicated, we also have to remember, we did grow, I think, 20% in the fourth quarter. So we feel great about our pet business and we just have to make sure that we get our capacity back particularly on dry dog food, and we're in the process of doing that.
Operator: And our final question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
David Palmer : Just following up on the gross margin question so far. Gross margin in fiscal '22 was 33%, I think, and gross margin in pre-COVID fiscal '19, mid-34s. I wonder what the net impact to that gross margin has been from M&A over that time. Basically, I'm wondering how much lower gross margins were versus pre-COVID on a comparable basis and how that compares to that 200 basis points plus of supply chain friction you mentioned?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. I think I can give it to you in the perspective of the friction from other supply chain costs being the primary driver of the drag as you look from beginning of that period to through the most recent quarter. And I think I would note that some of the biggest divestitures we've made over that period also had probably some margin dilution already embedded in our P&L. So to the extent that we are -- the most recent divestiture obviously had attractive margins, but the net of all of those is probably a small for us to neutral from a margin mix perspective.
Kofi Bruce: So basically, the decline -- to put a finer point on, the decline versus pre-COVID is really all supply chain disruptions.
David Palmer : Yes, that makes sense. Any thought on the ability to reclaim that margin? Is there anything aside from the timing of pricing actions versus inflation that makes you think you can't get back to a business adjusted pre-COVID gross margin level?
Jeff Harmening : Yes. No, look, I think the main thing I would start with is a recognition that the supply chain environment stabilizing. And once that begins to stabilize, we will be able to apply our peer-leading HMM capability to get at these costs. Some of these costs will fall fully naturally with the environment and the stabilization of supply chain. Some of them will require just some focused HMM work, and all within our capacity to deliver. If you look at our historical ability to drive HMM, pre-COVID levels have been in the 4% to 5% range. So I think this is comfortably in the zone of what we can manage. What's not notable right now, obviously, is exactly when we'll see the supply chain environment stabilize. But that is the way we're managing the business.
David Palmer: And I just had 1 last one. Your media advertising, you said in the presentation, it's going to go up by more than the 5% CAGR that you've had over the COVID era. And so that would be -- I guess, would get you 20% above pre-COVID levels in media spend. This is sort of a fundamental change that you started from before -- just before pre-COVID where you're, I guess, getting bigger in digital. And I think it's worth sort of addressing how different this has been for you, how you're spending on this. But also why you feel confident that this is getting an ROI in a way that would make you different than you were in the 3 years before COVID?
Jeff Siemon: Yes. Let me clarify one point and then maybe I can shift it back to Jon or Jeff. Dave, in the presentation, we talked about the fact that we expect media to be up in fiscal '23, but there wasn't a relation to the growth rate, that was just in terms of dollars. So we've grown at a 5% compound growth rate in the last 3 years. We expect media to be up in fiscal '23, but that wasn't a rate guidance. So in terms of where we're spending or how we feel about it, I'll pass it over to Jon or Jeff.
Jon Nudi: Yes, I would just say we feel great about our media and the granularity we have and understanding the return, our ability to optimize. So north of 50% of all our media spend is digital now and amongst that digital spend more than 50% is performance marketing. And our first part of that which we've invested to acquire probably with the retailers and their data which is really powerful and becoming really targeted, building one-to-one personalized relationships. And then testing and iterating at scale. We can take 200 different ads online and optimize and really have been focused on the one that have the best return. And that's seeing significant increases in return for us. So we believe we're getting more than -- more return from our advertising than ever before. We're able to optimize, the days of shooting an ad and hoping it works for a year or over. We're literally optimizing ads on a daily basis. That's really good for our brands because it helps build them and helps you find the messages and it builds more loyalty for us as well. So we feel great about media, and we're continuing to invest heavily to make sure we have the digital capabilities in the future.
Jeff Harmening: Jeff, you can close out here.
Operator: Pardon me, it seems Mr. Harmening's line did disconnect, unfortunately. So Mr. Siemon, you're good to close the call, if you'd like.
Jeff Siemon: No worries. Thanks, Kelly. We just appreciate everyone's continued engagement and interest in General Mills. Certainly, the IR team will be available today for follow-ups, but we wish you all a good continued summer, and look forward to catching up soon. Thanks so much.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and we ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-03-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the General Mills Third Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Q&A Webcast. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded on Wednesday, March 23, 2022. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Siemon. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Frank, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our Q&A session on third quarter results. I hope everyone had time to review our press release, listen to our prepared remarks, and view our presentation materials, which were made available this morning on our Investor Relations website. As a reminder, beginning this quarter, we are reporting results under a new segment structure. You can find supplementary information on our website that shows our historical net sales and segment operating profit results recast for this new segment structure. I'll also remind you that in our Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. Please refer to this morning's press release for factors that could impact forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of non-GAAP information, which may be discussed on today's call. Joining me this morning are Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; Kofi Bruce, our CFO; and Jon Nudi, Group President of our North America Retail segment.  Let's go ahead and get to the first question. Frank, could you get us started, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed.
Andrew Lazar: So, Jeff, maybe if we put aside General Mills’ comments from CAGNY around sort of 3Q expectations and such, I guess the bottom-line is the company has still raised its full year outlook above where that initial sort of set of company forecasts were prior to the start of 3Q despite a very tough environment. So I guess a twofold question on that. First, what do you think enabled that? Because I think there has been still ample industry skepticism around the industry's ability to sort of deal with the current environment as it is. And then more importantly, I know you're not going to give sort of detailed guidance for next year until next quarter. But do you think this dynamic of managing through this can hold as you move through fiscal '23 because the concern I hear from many investors really is that the industry is just sort of kicking the can down the road so to speak about when the impact of certain things like costs, particularly in light of recent global events will ultimately catch up to the group. That would be my questions. Thank you. 
Jeff Harmening: So, Andrew, as I think about this year, I mean importantly, we ended the Q3 with momentum and the reason we ended with momentum is because our service levels improved. And as a result, our volume approved more than we had thought, even before we were going into CAGNY. And as we look at the fourth quarter this year, I think it's important to realize we're still going to have inflation. In fact, inflation in the fourth quarter will be higher. My pricing will also be higher in the fourth quarter. And in line, Q3, our inflation and pricing was in line with what we'd expected. And so we feel as if we have a good handle on both those items. And then -- so then what's really driving the improvement in the fourth quarter is just a little bit better volume than what we had anticipated, given service levels a little bit higher.  We're also seeing -- a lot has been made of elasticities. I mean, it's a pretty benign elasticity environment right now, which is not to say there's no elasticity. Certainly as prices go up, there will be some level of elasticity, but it's also important to note that it's not in line with historical elasticities given this current environment. And so, our raise on the fourth quarter really is confidence in our underlying assumptions around inflation and pricing. We are, as we said, mostly hedged on commodities through the calendar year, which obviously includes the fourth quarter. And inflation and pricing, we saw the pricing we thought we would get through. And so, it really has increased confidence in our ability to service the business in the fourth quarter.  Now our service levels won't be as they have historically been. So we're not anticipating getting all the way back to that. As we look at '23, I mean, it's a pretty volatile environment. And so, usually as you well know, Andrew, we don't comment even on hedging. We don't comment on past and current fiscal year, but these are unusual times. And so we thought we'd give a little bit of color into what we have hedged through the calendar year. And what our hedging really does is, it mostly buys us time, and we'll have inflation in our fiscal '22. We'll have a significant inflation in fiscal '23, it just won't be at the level of spot prices at least in the calendar year you're seeing now in the market. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Please proceed. 
Ken Goldman : I wanted to just ask specifically on pet, so the margin I think dropped to its lowest level since you brought Blue Buffalo. Can you talk a little bit about what caused the pressure in terms of input costs? And I assume that those are here to stay for a while. I think you also mentioned higher SG&A. So I'm just curious, how do you think about the potential for pricing to start offsetting some of these headwinds? When do you expect sort of the bottom in that margin to be reached? Just trying to get a little bit of a better sense for how to view that progression? 
Kofi Bruce : Ken, I'll take that. This is Kofi. Thanks for the question. So one of the important things to also think about here is the impact of pet brands on the pet margins. So that is dilutive to the margins this year. There's some specific one-time charges related to purchase accounting flowing through in the -- weighing on the margins as well. So we expect as we both bring that more fully into our production system and get it online for HMM that we'll see those margins improve on the pet brands business and -- on the acquired brands, excuse me. And then as we step forward, we expect a gap between inflation and pricing to close. So pet will be a meaningful contributor to the pricing step up we expect in Q4. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. 
Michael Lavery : I appreciate just even a little peek under the tent for fiscal '23. I guess maybe I'm pushing our luck here, but would love just to know when you say you've got some coverage through calendar '22, it still noted that there's significant inflation, would that -- if things are where they sit now, if that holds, would that be an acceleration in inflation or does the coverage give any moderation? Maybe just order of magnitude what you're seeing as far a little bit of a further look ahead?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, Michael, thanks for the question. And yes, you might be pushing your luck a little bit. I think it's fair to say. We expect the inflation to be significant. I wouldn't want to go much further than that. And I think our expectation at this point in the year would be -- a normal policy would be to be about 50% hedged, which is the perspective I give on why we guided you to calendar 2022. So the goal here is to buy ourselves the time to get actions aligned up in the market, and frankly, to give ourselves time to read whether or not we see the inflation as being structural. 
Michael Lavery : Maybe just a follow up, on the service levels for pizza and dough and snack, you said you kind of really pushed to get more out the door in the last couple of weeks of the quarter, short period of time, but your margin performance was still quite good in North America Retail relatively speaking with fairly modest sequential and year-over-year declines compared to what we've been seeing. Was it just the pricing that really drove that and obviously it was significant? Or is there some other things going on that are just good to keep in mind for how we think about your momentum and margin outlook in that segment? 
Kofi Bruce: Yes, I'll start. And then I'll ask Jon to provide any color if I missed anything. So I think you got it mostly right. So we saw pricing actions come-in in the quarter probably towards the middle to tail end of the quarter. So as we go forward, we'd expect that to be a meaningful step up in this segment as well as a meaningful contributor therefore to the step up for the total company.  On top of that, as Jeff referenced in his comments on the first question, we expect service levels to reform closer to in line with what they had been trending prior to the quarter. So I think the combination of those two things is what gives us a good portion of a confidence that drove our guidance rate.
Jon Nudi: Yes, I think that's exactly right. So again, pricing and service are the two big things that we are focused on across our end. Maybe I'll spend just a minute to go a little bit deeper on service. Obviously, that's been a big challenge for us this year and it's really evolved as well. At the beginning of the year, it's really about our distribution centers and logistics bottlenecks. We have done a nice job at staffing distribution centers up and feel good about our ability to move product now. The biggest issue we’re seeing is really around materials selection. So, ingredients coming into our plants to run our products. In Q3, it was particularly challenging, particularly in RBG, pizza and hot snacks, so things like fats and oils and starch and packaging. So we spent a lot of time really working as a team to improve on those platforms. We've seen an improvement in our case fill and on-shelf availability, but our service levels are still quite a bit below historical levels. We trade 98% to 99%. We were in the 70s overall for Q3. We expect to get better but not near historical levels. We expect to be in the 80s as we go into Q4. So we've taken lots of actions, really proud of the team. Supply chain team is doing the yeomen’s work, and it's really one business team working together. And we've pulled many levers. We started up control towers daily at the working team level. At the senior level, we're meeting once a week on RBG and hot snacks or other constrained platforms to make sure that we're removing hurdles or at the senior level getting on the phone with suppliers, at senior levels to make sure that we prioritize for ingredients. We've adjusted formulations. In some of our products, we've reformulated over 20 times year-to-date. Every time you make an ingredient change, you have to change the formulation, which is obviously a lot of work by our [IGT] (ph) teams. We just did freight lanes as well pretty significantly to make sure that we can get to our customers on time. We've added capacity on things like OEP, fruit, cereal, potatoes. We're adding ESC. So we're spending a good chunk of our time making sure that we service our business. We did better, I think, as we entered this quarter. We've got a lot more work to do, and we'll stay very focused on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Just a couple of quick ones. Jeff, can you talk a little bit about your plans for capacity expansion in this calendar year? I believe you're adding more in refrigerated dough. I wanted some more specifics there and see if there's any other categories that you've been expanded. And then secondly, I want to know in the flour milling grain merchandising business, do you expect any kind of benefits from dislocation in the grain markets?
Jeff Harmening : So Rob, on the 2 questions, in terms of capacity expansion, I probably won't go product line by product line. However, I do appreciate the question. And what I will say is that we are certainly willing and will be spending capital to expand capacity on a few of our lines in the coming year. And really, the businesses are -- that we'll spend money on are the ones that performed well pre-pandemic and continue to have momentum during the pandemic, and there are actually a number of those. And so what you'll see in the coming year is that we will expand capacity on several of our major businesses. We'll probably give an update at the end of the year on where we intend to do that. But your question is a fair one and just know that we do -- our first call on capital is investing in our current business. We have momentum on a number of businesses that we had pre-pandemic and we have during the pandemic. In terms of the question about flour milling and dislocations, I mean, I don't know that we're going to see any benefits. Having said that, I think we'll have full supply on our grain milling businesses. We're world-class in that. We've been milling flour since 1866, so we have a pretty long history of being able to do that effectively.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: I guess you performed well on HMM cost savings despite the supply constraints that you've been talking about. And I guess I'm curious just to what degree you think that HMM cost savings momentum continue, but may actually be able to accelerate to some degree as those supply constraints abate and you're able to focus more on so-called business-as-usual conditions, hopefully, into the new year. Just some commentary around HMM would be great.
Kofi Bruce: Appreciate the question, and I'd love for business-as-usual conditions tomorrow if you've got that in your powers. So I think our expectation is HMM is a core capability for us. And we've been at it as a disciplined - really since the start of -- close to the start of this century. We've been pretty consistent in delivering mid-single-digit COGS productivity off of it. I don't have any concerns about our ability to keep doing that. What I would expect is that if we -- if and when -- or when, I should say, we get to, and it's hard to say when that is, when we get to more stable conditions that we'll be in a position that HMM will be the lever that allows us to shed a lot of the operating costs that we put on in this environment due to disruption. And so what that will do is allow us to bring our margins -- our gross margins back up as a result of the SRM actions that we've taken in this environment to deal with the extraordinary inflation.
Steve Powers: If I could, just on a fully different tact, just on pet. I'd love your perspective on how you expect the category broadly, I mean your brands specifically, but the category broadly, high-end, premium pet care, pet food to hold up if we enter a more adverse consumer environment. Just how you think that category has evolved and solidified itself to be able to persevere through a cycle?
Jeff Harmening : Yes. Steve, this is -- it's -- we anticipate the category will continue to perform well, and we think that our segment will continue to perform quite well. And even through the last recession, which was a long time ago, one of the things before we even bought Blue Buffalo, we look at how the category performed during a recession, and it turns out it performs very well. The last thing you want to do in tough times is sub-optimize what you're going to give your pet. And I would tell you that on top of that, the predominant trend in pet food now, and I think will be going forward, is the humanization of pet food. And we're clearly very well positioned in that area given that we're the #1 natural pet food in the pet category by a long, long way. And so we believe we have the best brand and the best part of a really good segment and a really good category that holds up well during recessions. And by the way, as a result, all those things have very low exposure to private label.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: So my question is around elasticity, and I guess wanted to just get 2 perspectives on it. Jeff, I think in the prepared remarks, you mentioned -- there's a mention about the sort of expectation that this elevated level of demand is -- you expect it to stick. And so is part of that just a function that now given where inflation is, just an expectation that consumers just be eating more at home? So we've kind of shifted from being at home because of COVID to now eating more at home because it's so expensive to go out? And then maybe just a second point, maybe for Jon Nudi, is anything that you're seeing now in terms of like cross-elasticity between channels. So consumers making different choices in terms of maybe avoiding food stores and/or convenience stores or just anything that's going on between channels as we're just watching the pricing set in? I know there's a lot there, but would appreciate.
Jon Nudi: Thanks, Bryan. This is Jon. So maybe I'll tackle pricing here, and then I'll get to elasticities in a second. So obviously, I talked about supply chain. Pricing, the other subject, we're spending a lot of time on. We do believe that we're pricing effectively within the market, and for each brand, that looks different. And one of the things I'm really proud of is the SRM capability, our strategic revenue management capability we've built over the last 5 or 6 years under Jeff's leadership. And our SRM plans look different for every brand and really go down to the SKU level. It's an always-on capability. We're looking at what's coming at us from an inflation standpoint. We're looking at what's happening in market. And then we're leveraging the full SRM toolkit. So that's car lot advances, it's trade optimization, tag price architecture and mix. And in the U.S., our measured data or our average unit prices are up a bit more than our categories, and that's really where we want to be. In many cases, we're the leaders in the category. We feel like it's on us to make sure that we have clear pricing strategies. At the end of the day, our goal is to pass as little as needed. But certainly inflation, we need to take pricing at this point to preserve our margins. So we work closely with the retailers. Pricing is never an easy discussion. Everyone is facing inflation, though. So again, we can lock in and provide a good rationale for why we're taking the pricing, and more importantly, a coherent plan for what pricing will look like in market. We've been able to find good acceptance, and more importantly, good reflection in the market. So it's been a big focus area for us. I feel great about what we've done to date. We've got a road map for each of our brands and down to the SKU level for the future as well if more pricing is needed. In terms of elasticity, I mean, Jeff touched on this earlier, I mean, we are seeing elasticity. So again, it's not like we're not. This is not at historical levels. We've seen elasticities remain pretty consistent quarter-to-quarter. So what we saw in Q3 was consistent to Q2. We expect that to be the case in Q4 number. And we're going to have more price/mix in Q4. So we expect to see a bit more elasticity as a result, but again, not back to historical levels. In terms of what's happening and across segments and categories and channels, there's obviously a lot of noise in the data, everything from product availability to consumer mobility to government support levels and significant inflation away-from-home channel. It's really hard to try to parse them out, but we'll continue to try to do that. But again, elasticities remain constant. That's the important thing to remember and not at historical levels as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Could I ask about marketing and innovation? Obviously, there's so much disruption going on in the industry. You've talked about supply chain issues starting to be resolved. I can imagine there's a lot of fires to put out right now. But on the underlying marketing, it sounded as though SG&A was down this quarter. Does that mean that the marketing spending was down? Is that likely to remain that way until things get easier on the supply chain? And then also on the innovation side, has that also had to be ratcheted back just because of the current state of play out there in the world?
Jeff Harmening : Alexia, I really do appreciate that question. This is Jeff. The -- I think the key to remember is that we've gained market share in more than 60% of our categories for 4 years in a row. And there's a reason why we've done that, and that's because we really haven't cut back on marketing spending or our levels of innovation. In fact, our levels of new product innovation have led most of our categories all over the world. And we've actually increased our marketing spending over time. And you can't just turn on and off marketing spending on brands and have those brands be effective, and the same will be true of innovation. So through this whole pandemic, we -- one of the things we see is that companies that come out of rough periods like we have been through, the ones who invest in their brands, whether that's new product innovation or whether that's marketing, are the ones that are successful. With regard to the latest quarter, the reason our SG&A is down, the #1 reason is that our admin costs are down. Our marketing spending is down just a touch, but that really is a reflection of a very short period in time. But broader picture, we've continued to innovate and we've continued our marketing, and that's the reason why we're growing share pretty much everywhere in the world.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: I'd like to come back a bit on pets and pricing because that's a question I've got from many investors. So first on, what is the price, what is the mix in pet food in the third quarter? What -- if you can really unbundle those 2? And are you seeing pet parents shutting down to smaller pack size as we are seeing from -- for some of the brands? And anything you could share on price elasticity, again, as it's one of the major concern, specifically for that business from investors? And finally, could you please update us on the split between mass retail and e-commerce and pet specialty impact and what are [they into next year]?
Kofi Bruce: Sure. This is Kofi. So I'll start with the front part of the question on price/mix. Just to give you a sense here, we saw about 7 points of price/mix on pet in the quarter. And then our expectation is that we'll see that step up as we go forward into Q4. I think the rest of your question was about the channel split, which we may have to get back to you just to verify. I don't have that at fingertips. Do you have it, Jeff?
Jeff Siemon: Yes. I think, Laurent, the -- I mean broadly, the channel splits, we're at about 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 across food, drug and mass, probably a little bit higher in food, drug and mass down, maybe closer to 40%; and then e-commerce and specialty, maybe about 30% each. So in kind of broad terms, that's roughly where we are from a channel. I just wanted to -- it’s actually correct, Kofi’s comment on -- looking at maybe on the reported number. On the -- for pet on an organic basis, price/mix was plus 13% in the quarter. And that's a -- you've got a combination of pricing, which was -- we did have some pricing going to the market in the quarter. So we only have a partial benefit of that in the quarter and then some mix benefit as you heard us talk about at CAGNY, our Tastefuls launch, for instance, on wet cat food on a price per pound basis, as you know, both treats and wet food are advantaged relative to dry, and those are growing faster for us both for Tastefuls as well as from the acquired brands that we've had here recently.
Jeff Harmening : And Laurent, you asked a couple of other questions -- more detailed questions. In terms of elasticity, the pet category is relatively inelastic. Even in recessionary periods, it's relatively inelastic. And you asked about pack sizes, one of the things we've seen is that demand has been so strong in the pet category, and we anticipate going forward. The consumers really are buying what they can find in the shelves. And whether that's wet food or whether that's dry food, the availability really is driving consumer acquisition at this point. There's really not a trade down in pack size. It's going to trade off in pack sizes. Really the availability is the key because the category is so strong, and we believe it's going to remain strong. And as we said in our kind of opening remarks, as we look at the fourth quarter, our pricing will catch up to inflation, which will have a positive impact on our pet margins in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: Just had 2 quick questions. The first would just be -- maybe one for Kofi. As we think about this pricing cost dynamic and inflation picks out or it's going to be double digit, I should say, in the fourth quarter. The pricing is accelerating as well. Obviously, that reflects in the guidance. But should we expect the same kind of gross rate of change in gross margin year-over-year, and therefore, should improve sequentially but should be down still year-over-year? Just trying to get some order of magnitude there. And then I had a second question, maybe more for Jon. On the undershipment in North American Retail, you that 3-point gap you called out. Does that quantify the sales shortfall in the quarter from the service issues you had? And I guess also I'm curious about rebuilding inventory. Are you in that -- are you still hoping to do that? And should you be shipping ahead of consumption theoretically to keep up with demand here?
Kofi Bruce: Okay. So let me take the first part of your question. I expect the price/mix step up to be meaningful. And obviously, embedding our range, if you do the squeeze on gross margin would be -- is absolutely a sequential improvement and the possibility, obviously, of a gross margin increase year-over-year.
Jon Nudi: And on the shipments versus consumption question, Chris, U.S. net sales did lag Nielsen measured retail sales growth by 3 points in the quarter, as you mentioned, really driven by the service issues on RBG, pizza and hot snacks. We don't expect shipments to lag sales in Q4. We also don't expect to rebuild inventories in Q4, and that's really reflected in our guidance. If we can do a bit better and service levels improve, we might be able to rebuild a bit, but likely will push into fiscal '23, where hopefully, we can get back to more historical inventory levels.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow: I don't want to go dig a little deeper into the elasticity question. You said that there's been a little bit of elasticity. Is it just similar level across all your categories? Or is there a spectrum of elasticity where certain categories are showing zero elasticity and some categories are showing a greater variability of elasticity? And can you talk about either the spectrum or is it flat?
Jon Nudi: Yes. So this is Jon. It's -- for U.S. and for not a long, we competed in over 250 categories. We have had obviously in the U.S. and in our global businesses. And I can tell you, every category is reacting differently. So we are seeing elasticities that vary. There's not a single category that has zero elasticity, though. So when you take price and particularly the levels of pricing that we're seeing due to the heightened inflation, there are elasticities for sure. Again, there are changes between categories. But at this point, we are seeing elasticity in everything. As I mentioned earlier, though, those elasticities are generally holding. So again, they're not increasing. They're not getting towards historical levels. They're holding at lower levels than what we've seen in the past.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. And then my second question is on data analytics. Can you talk about the speed to which -- or the real-time data analytics? The idea that the service levels came back quicker is obviously a positive. Was it -- in your understanding, how quick it came back, were you able to understand that came back in real time? Or was there a lag in the understanding of when it actually occurred? And just kind of figuring that out, is the real-time data and your data analytics on real-time data analytics improved, changed or stayed the same? And I'll leave it there. Appreciate it.
Jon Nudi: Yes. So related to data analysis on this one, I think was pretty simple. So at the end of the day, we had -- particularly on RBG, pizza and hot snacks, more demand than supply and was really focused on getting as much as we could out of our plants. And the big issue, again, was not so much capacity on those platforms, those getting the ingredients to get our lines running literally 24 hours a day. So as we get towards the end of the quarter, we had put a full court press. Our teams did a great job, and we were able to pump out significantly more volume than what we had originally thought. And we shipped that directly to customers. So again, through our distribution centers in some cases; in some cases, directed to our retailers. And as a result, of that, we were able to see some stronger sales to end the quarter and our -- so again, it really wasn't a data analytics thing. It was more about just our ability to run product. And again, our supply team did a terrific job really significantly improving that situation.
Jeff Siemon: We have time for one more Frank.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Nik Modi: Just 2 quick questions on the consumer. You guys talked about at CAGNY about deal prep. So I just wanted to see if you have any more evolved thoughts on that and what you've been seeing. And then, I guess, given what's been happening with inflation and just thinking about the consumer, would you guys agree with the statement that perhaps the low-income consumer is going to maybe go into a quasi-recession sooner rather than later just given what's going on with all the external pressures? Or is that not the way you see it?
Jeff Harmening : I guess I would start by saying our -- I think our success is going to be determined by how fast we can pivot, as witnessed by Jon Nudi's latest comment about supply, rather than our ability to predict exactly what's going to happen in the future. I mean -- and I'm not trying to be opaque on purpose. It's just that there are so many moving pieces. We have some people returning back to the office, yet demand will be greater than pre-pandemic levels for quite a while. There is a possibility of a recession, but it's certainly not here yet. There is going to be inflation, but how much that inflation is a couple of quarters from now is yet to be determined. And the state of the consumer and their financial well-being, they're -- consumers are in a good place now. How that can look for 2 quarters from now is difficult to say. And so I think our ability to be successful over the last couple of years has really been predicated on another ability to determine what's going to happen next but our ability to react to what's happened next. And that's what I feel great about. And you'll see that in pet. You see that in North America Retail, you see it all over the world. And so as we think about the future, there are a variety of outcomes that are possible. But I will tell you there's been a variety of outcomes over the last few years, and we've been successful through all of them. And so we're confident that whatever comes at us next, we'll be able to deal with that, at least as well as our competitors, if not perfectly.
Jeff Siemon: Great. Frank, I think that's all the time we have today. Appreciate everyone following along, and appreciate the good questions this morning. Please feel free to reach out to the IR team if you have follow-ups today. Otherwise, wish you a good day, and we'll talk next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2022 Q2  (2021-12-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the General Mills Second Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, December 21st, 2022 [ph]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Silvana and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our Q&A session on second quarter results. I hope everyone had time to review our press release, listen to our prepared remarks, and view our presentation materials, which were made available this morning on our Investor Relations website. It's important to note that in our Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions, including facts and assumptions related to the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results in fiscal 2022. Please refer to this morning's press release for factors that could impact forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of non-GAAP information, which may be discussed on today's call. We're here with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; Kofi Bruce, our CFO; and Jon Nudi, Group President of our North America Retail segment. So, let's go ahead and get to the first question. Silvana, can you please get us started?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Close enough. Good morning everybody.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Ken Goldman: You highlighted that you're actions offset supply disruptions in logistics issues that are starting to bear fruit. Great to hear, obviously, but we've sort of been seeing similar pattern from the whole sector for a while now, like what is, I guess, "hidden costs arising", management team think the worst is over, and then the next quarter unfortunately the pattern repeats. So, I guess my question is, in the wake of these exogenous issues continuing to crop up, this guidance has any sort of bigger cushion in it, bigger than usual to kind of account for the potential that some of these logistics and supply shortages worsen once again in the back half of the year?
Kofi Bruce: Sure Ken. This is Kofi. I appreciate the question. As you can obviously see we gave a little bit wider guidance on operating profit than we did on the topline and EPS as a result of the operating profit guidance, which reflects I think what you're alluding to which is the underlying volatility in this environment, right? So -- and the root cause of this we see about eight to tenfold increase in the amount of disruptions in our supply chain. So, the predictability in that and has been linked to quarter, but what we provision and expect in the back half is not as much of an improvement to be candid. So, as you think about it in relation to last year, we saw a ramp-up in the external supply chain costs in the back half of the year. We don't expect these costs that we're seeing for disruptions to really materially change in the balance of a year, but just to replace the ramp-up in those external supply chain costs. And the lighter guidance reflects that the volatility in the call.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thank you for that. And then quick follow-up. On your cereal business, obviously, you've taken a great deal of share from your larger competitor that's having some unfortunate issues of its own right now. Can you just walk us through a little bit where your plants are in terms of utilization in case that the demand for your products continues to grow over the next few months.
Jon Nudi: Hi Ken, it's Jon Nudi. I will tell you we feel really good about our cereal business and certainly there has been some short-term dislocation from our major competitors. Our performance which will come in a longer time, in fact, over the last four years we had really strong performance. As we look at short-term, we feel we have a capacity, we need to continue that, invest in our brands and continue to innovate and again we expect to grow share and in the category growth as well. So, short-term, we feel good about our [indiscernible] business and we continue to do what we've done over the last four years, that's continuing with the category.
Jeff Siemon: Thank you. Why don’t we go to the question?
Operator: Certainly. Our next question is from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning. Happy Holidays everybody.
Jeff Harmening: Happy holidays.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you. Jeff, I'm curious how General Mills thinks about sort of the balance between, let's say shorter term profitability given the dramatically higher cost to serve currently versus the potential for longer term benefits from sort of stepping up and servicing the customer and consumer in this difficult environment. So, I guess what gives you the confidence that fulfilling this excess demand at this higher cost is sort of worthwhile, and like where is the cut-off and where you would decide to like forgo a sale, not suggesting we're kind of at that point yet?
Jeff Harmening: Yes Andrew, I mean one of the main reasons, we spent quite a bit of time looking at the trade-offs between things like customer service and margin and sales growth and that sort of thing. And we always try to make sure we play the long game at looking at these things. We've been around for 155 years because we play the long game. What I would say, in this environment there is a huge trade-off, but I'm not sure there is a trade-off between higher service level cost and that's because if we were to take our foot off the gas on service, what you would -- what we would find is that we create more deleverage and we would incur fine because and be more inefficient and get fine for our retail customers because the more efficient and then we'd be shipping truckloads stuff that we're probably most efficient, and so there really isn't a cost trade-off. So, I don't -- we would not be making more money if we look less at our service. We feel it's our responsibility at the end of the day is to the end consumer and making sure they have the products they want to our retail customers and by filling that we're doing our job. The only thing we would gain by lessening service on margins look at the moment better, but our sales will be down, but we wouldn't make any more money for General Mills' shareholders, we certainly are going to generate more cash then we're generating now either.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. And then -- thanks. And then Kofi just a quick follow-up. In the outlook, I think you say General Mills expects back half EPS growth to be more weighted to the fiscal 4Q. Does this mean you see some, even if modest, EPS growth in 3Q and just far more in 4Q or do I not have that right? Thanks so much.
Kofi Bruce: I appreciate the question. But it really reflects is our expectation that we will see an improvement off of the margin decline that we just posted in Q2 and sequential improvement on that as we work around it from Q3 to Q4.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Nik Modi: Thank you. Good morning everyone and Happy Holidays. I guess the question Kofi is if you can just give us some context on the inflations, delta in terms of the guidance? Where were things worse than you expected? And then the other question I had just around price elasticity. I mean we've heard a lot of companies talking about things are better than expected, but it just seems like the retailers aren't passing all the pricing on. So, I wanted to get your thoughts around that as we kind of go forward over the next few months and quarters.
Kofi Bruce: Sure. Let me start with your first question. So, just as a reminder on the frame here, about 55% of our input costs are sitting in raw packaging materials, 30% in manufacturing, and the remainder in logistics. And what we really saw that kind of accelerated was in particular our raw and packaging material moving out to double-digits, logistics, which we now expect to -- which was already in the double-digits, continued to survive the loss of that base, and manufacturing remaining in the low single-digits. In particular, as we look at sourcing and packaging, aluminum, resin, fiber, raw materials, green fats and oils, and these are particular pressure price as well as [indiscernible] we look at logistics structure. And then on your second question in relation to elasticity--
Jon Nudi: Sure, its Jon. So, one of the things we are really pleased with is our strong capabilities that we've built over the last five to six years and got a lot more data and analytics that we lever, so [indiscernible] company acquisition. So, we've been closely monitoring, obviously, the pricing that we've taken, reflection that we see in market and that's really meeting our expectations at this point. We have seen elasticity something better than what we would have modeled historically to-date. As we move to the back half, we expect to see a bit more elasticity and we'll continue to monitor that. With our capabilities there, [indiscernible] take the system where we’re literally looking at pricing from a -- on a daily basis and continue to moderate adjusted.
Nik Modi: Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Moskow: Hi thanks. Hope everyone's well. I wanted to know in your raising your prices, Jon, and you're showing customers your inflation and your ingredients like 8% to 9%, do you also show them the supply chain disruption costs that you're incurring? And is it possible to justify the pricing based on this? Because, like, a customer could argue that maybe some of that's transitory. So, I want to know how that conversation goes?
Jon Nudi: So, I've been here for a long time and I continue to make conversations are no easier than they have been in the past. I think everyone recognizes inflation and I was -- our job is to justifications, so we spend a lot of time building the case. Most of that case has been built around inflation and market basket. So, I think with that we will stick over a longer period of time. Certainly, retailers are very aware in the short-term supply chain costs that we're incurring and they are incurring the same and cost, but at this point, really don't understand the conversations. Again really focusing on some of the more macro factors and inflation to justify the pricing.
Robert Moskow: Yes, so that's kind of my question, Jon. So, is it more difficult than to factor in supply chain disruption as justification? So, like the pricing that you're taking, is that designed to offset 8% to 9% inflation longer term or is it also designed to offset some of this disruption as well?
Jon Nudi: Yes, so if you look at our pricing as well, we would offset the inflation, it's really the short-term supply chain costs, obviously that really the bogey for us. That is our composition of the retailers. And again, we want to make sure that we price in a way that is right for our consumers as well, so we're balancing how much pricing we could take, how much is wanted, and then really leveraging these strong capabilities that we build off. So, we're trying to take a long view from a pricing standpoint and clearly, there is some short-term trends that are challenging the supply chain investment.
Jeff Harmening: But Robert, I think you bring up a good point, Jon answered it well. But some of these supply chain disruptions, they will be transitory and we would expect them to improve for the rest of our fiscal year as noted by Kofi earlier. But over the longer term, I mean the supply chain will get more efficient. We had a terrific Asia now productivity capabilities and so we are highly confident that these costs over time are costs that business will not bear. So, even if September conversation we have with retailers now, we are confident that over time once the market stabilizes, these are costs that we can recoup in our P&L.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Jeff Siemon: This is Jeff Siemon. I have one more point to add to, maybe hit the nail on head. While we don't expect these disruption environment necessarily to improve meaningfully in the back half. As Kofi said, we do expect our margin performance year-over-year to improve, which is really all about the comparisons which get quite a bit easier as we have more other supply chain costs in the back half of last year. So, the cost that we're seeing this year on a year-over-year basis will be less of a headwind, which is -- which really drives gross and operating margin improvement in the back half.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Actually I have more questions, but it's Christmas. So, this is my gift to you is to not ask -- small gift, but something.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Jason English: Hey good morning folks, and Happy Holidays. Jeff Siemon, you just clarified one of my questions with Kofi. But I going to still ask the question with the finer point. Year-on-year, obviously the gross margin pressure is going to subside just given the comps you have, but you've got price mounting or climbing to the quarter -- the rest of the year and also inflation coming. As we think about sequentially, your gross margins dipped down in the second quarter. Is this a floor level based on what you know today? Could we expect -- should we expect sequential growth in gross margins?
Jeff Siemon: I think I think what you can expect is we will see improvement off of the decline and sequential improvement as we move through from Q3 to Q4. And that's about as far as we've implied in the guidance we've given.
Jason English: Okay, so implicitly that 3Q margins could be weaker than 2Q. Next question. The U.S. consumer is still obviously very flush with cash. But one of your competitors has already noted that trade down began to resume in categories like cereal. Are you seeing something similar across any of your categories? And what are you planning for in regards to trade down behavior, price elasticity, et cetera, as we begin to cycle a pretty big stimulus early next year.
Jon Nudi: This is Jon. We have seen the dynamics play out. When we look at our business, most of our categories in our business is strengthening. As we look at share versus private label, private label lost share in the pandemic, we lose continue share and we're continuing to monitor that. We believe that building our brands and innovating and doing what we know best, we're driving our business. And if you look back historically during the times of recession, again our brands performed well. So, at this point, we haven't seen any change in dynamics.
Jeff Harmening: And I would add on that Jason. We haven't seen in foodservice either. We haven't seen in pet. We haven't seen in Europe. We haven't see in China or Brazil. So, we simply haven't seen that behavior.
Jason English: Yes, I haven't seen it either. I was surprised by your competitor noting it, which is why I asked the question. But thanks a lot for the clarification guys. Happy Holidays.
Jeff Harmening: All right. Thanks Jason.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Steve Powers: Yes, hey, thanks and good morning from me as well. On the supply chain disruptions that you're seeing in labor shortages, et cetera, taking all your prior comments in context, I guess, are there -- is there a cadence that you're expecting or you're places where you're a little bit more optimistic whether categories of bottlenecks or geographic overlays, is there a -- there are places in what you're facing now where you're relatively more optimistic versus not in terms of finding that release? I'm just curious.
Jon Nudi: Yes, hey Steve, it's Jon. One of the challenges right now is the disruptions are really across the entire supply chains, on some cases it's material disruptions is really impacting the category, in other cases, where capacity is constrained which is extremely a challenge for all of our businesses. I think in one area that we do believe will get better as move to back half is material disruptions and that due to the actions we're taking, we're bringing on alternate suppliers where in the past not even single source in particular ingredient, production in looking in back half. Our sourcing team has been doing a great job really find submission and we will see some of this come online for some key ingredients are really hard us through Q2 and I think that's the one area that we do expect to get a bit better. We do expect our service levels to remain challenged in the back half of the year with the Q3 will look a lot like Q2, with the Q4 will get better, but look more of a Q1. So, an average, we think our services will look similar in the back half.
Steve Powers: Okay, great. Just to be -- just to clarify that. So, you're expecting that relief to come in the ingredient sourcing, but more because you're diversifying and less because the conditions get better, is that fair?
Jon Nudi: That's fair and today we've not seen a huge improvement and availability across materials and every time we see something get better, something else goes the other way around. So, continues to be [indiscernible]
Steve Powers: Okay, great. And then the other question I had was just on Europe and Australia where the margin pressure is obviously exceptionally acute. Just as you go into annual price negotiations there, just your -- based on what you're talking about so far, just your relative confidence that that will be a source of relief -- a further relief in the fourth quarter as those negotiations take effect?
Jeff Harmening: I think you you've outlined the constraints on pricing in that environment. There is a pretty firm negotiation window for pricing. I can't comment on anything forward-looking, obviously, but what I will confirm is that that's why you've seen our margins on EU under a little bit more pressure than the rest of the segments, and in particular, as you look at pricing as a contribution onto to sales growth, you will see that reflected there. So we'll leave it there and it's -- I just add it's also it’s a small business, so its 5% 10% of our total sales.
Steve Powers: Yes, understood.
Operator: Our next question is from Wendy Nicholson with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi good morning. My first question has to do just in terms of the magnitude of the pricing that we should expect to see on shelf. I think the last few months, you said it was 9% average increased at retail in North America. Can you give us a sense for how high you think that would be maybe over the next six months?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, I think we generally don't comment on forward-looking pricing and just know that we have pricing already in the marketplace that we've already announced to our customers and so we're confident that that it will be higher in the second half of the year, but overall we don't comment on the specifics of forward-looking pricing.
Wendy Nicholson: Okay, fair enough. But I guess my question is with regard to the competitive activity, I know you said private label really isn't a threat and they're not gaining shares, but sort of over a longer term basis, your share trends have been neutral effect, but I assume at some point competition is going to sort of fight back harder and maybe in terms of cereal, your competitor -- your major competitor has their hands tied behind their back a little bit from a supply perspective. But can you talk about what you're seeing maybe from some of the other branded guys in North America in your other categories, are they being as equally aggressive on pricing? Do you expect them to step-up promotion in an effort to gain share? Just maybe what you're seeing kind of in the store right now?
Jeff Harmening: I think it's probably best to let our competitors talk about what their pricing is going to be and what their outlook for the business is. One of the thing that I'm most proud of Wendy that you did note, and I'm glad you noted is that we've gained share over a long period of time and we've been doing in North America Retail, we’ve been doing in our pet business. We've been doing it in Europe and China and Brazil. And so one of the things I'm most proud of even in this tough environment, we continue to keep very, very effectively and I think that's a sign of the quality of our execution and our customer service levels. And so no matter what -- and that was happening before the pandemic, it's happened through the pandemic, it's happening now and so I think that is the most important thing. A lot of the time our competitors we're not constrained by supply and they did not have material disruption. And so those things come and go and we take them as they come and go. But one of the things I am most pleased about is our performance. We've have been able to do all of that while reshaping our portfolio and so we've added pet brands and this worked really well. We've divested our yogurt business in Europe and now announced a dough business and we restructure our organization. So, we've been able to have all this competitive quality with that, while navigating a lot of changes internally as well as externally.
Wendy Nicholson: And just in terms of the North America business, I assume one of the big contributing factors to your market share being has been the innovation we've seen, which has been terrific, seemingly across the portfolio in North America Retail. But I assume innovation kind of comes in ways, some quarters are stronger than others. And I'm not looking for specifics or things you haven't announced yet, but just generally can you comment kind of thinking maybe about calendar 2022, if you think the innovation pipeline things to come or as strong as you've launched over the last six to 12 months, just sort of conceptually as innovation still set to be a good a strong driver of hopefully more -- even more market share gains. Thanks.
Jon Nudi: Yes, sure. Hi Wendy. As Jeff noted, we've been performing well over a long period of time and to the point is really by focusing on the fundamentals and one of those fundamentals is innovation. So, brand building and innovation are key to our brands over time. And one of the things that we did view during the pandemic was pulled back on innovation that we kept innovating and our customers really appreciated that. We've kept the pedal down. So, as we move into calendar year 2022, we'd expect see similar levels of innovation versus what we saw in the past year, in some case we got some better ideas and are quite excited about. So -- and the other thing, whether there is inflation or not, the fundamental is less about building our brands and innovating and we'll continue to that as we move forward.
Wendy Nicholson: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Pamela Kaufman: Good morning. Happy Holidays. During the quarter, in North America, you mentioned that your shipments lagged consumption by about 2% because of the service challenges you experienced. Can you just elaborate on what some of the dynamics were that contributed to that? And would you expect this to continue into the back half of the year? And I guess as a follow-up, is that -- is it related to inventory levels and do you feel like you have adequate inventory levels to meet elevated demand into the back half?
Jon Nudi: Yes, hi Pam, clearly as we talked about lots of challenges in supply chain and those have impacted our ability to service our customers or service levels, during the quarter when the low mid-teens versus high 90s targets as the result, we couldn't ship to all the demand that we saw, so a result retailers drew down a bit of inventory in the quarter and that was the gap that you talked about. As we look to the back half, we do expect our service level to be similar to the front half. We wouldn't expect to certainly close that gap as we move through the back half of our fiscal year. Clearly, our goal is to continue to strengthen our supply chain as we get into fiscal 2023 and beyond, we do believe that we'll be in better shape and yield service all above that that is there. One of the things that we pivoted to is we mentioned on shelf availability, we think that's really important. And while it's certainly not where we wanted be is and it's better than our competition, our share of sales in Q2 now being on the shelf is lower than our competition as well and that's really a testament to our supply chain and the great job that we are doing and the communication we have with the customers.
Pamela Kaufman: Great. Thanks. And can you talk about what short-term initiatives you have on the operational side to manage the disruption that you're experiencing in the supply chain? And I guess over the longer term, are there any changes that you're making to operations or increasing investments and capabilities or automation in response to the current operating environment?
Jon Nudi: Yes, for sure. We look back to lot of the practices that we put in place at the beginning of the pandemic, so one of the things we have are daily [indiscernible] meeting historic level for North American retail, I share a weekly supply chain huddle together with all of our senior leaders across the business talk about these issues and trying to help our team work through some of the challenges that are out there. We're leveraging data analytics one of the things just and continue for a long period of time, is really increasing our investments and our capabilities there, and that's starting to bear some fruit. So, if you think about the number of trucks we have running across North America, we can show that they are more full than they are currently, that's good for us, good for our business, good for our customers, good for our margins. We're seeing the leverage in that technology. We have a host of other initiatives from a data standpoint, analytics standpoint and supply chain will help us over time. And we're also giving a look at our distribution centers and there are some opportunities, some of those facilities where we're challenged right now from a labor standpoint. So, we have a host of things happening. But at the end of the day, our communication is probably the most important trends, communication with our vendors to make sure the ingredients will be given to keep our pricing running, and then we spend a lot of time meeting with our customers, all been tighter from a supply chain standpoint. Really wanted to know in real-time where we are and we've done to make sure the service done the best we can also the service the consumers.
Pamela Kaufman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. Happy Holidays. Just looking back at your presentation slide number 32, which is that gross margin waterfall chart. Thanks for that. There is no numbers on some of those steps in the chart, but it looks like the supply chain disruptions, deleverage, and other is a large part of the -- or the majority of the decline, if you net out everything else. In other words, about 300 basis points. Maybe you can confirm if that's at least ballpark correct? But also, obviously these effects are not new to the quarter. I mean how would do you think about that same line item, supply chain disruptions, deleverage, and other through the year and what's implied in the guidance for the second half?
Jeff Harmening: Yes so, let me add. So, thank you for the question David. Let me start with Q2 and then I'll talk about what to expect going forward. So, I think your read is about exactly right. So, just to be very certain, I think you got is about 300 basis points or so related to the combination of those disruption factors and the H&M and price/mix in the quarter offset the impact of the inflation. But I think going forward what you can expect as you move into the back half is a step-up starting in Q3, the contribution from price/mix. I would expect inflation to be roughly equal front half, back half. So, this is pretty evenly spread across the quarters and so nothing material there. And then in easing in the drag of the headwind from the other supply chain disruption costs, not because -- but because as you think about the comparison in the last year, we saw a ramp-up in other costs, primarily driven by our step into greater external supply chain costs. So, we don't expect these costs to ease. We expect them to -- those cost we saw last year. So, effectively, that's how to think about the back half of the year and what drives the margin improvement as we step from Q3 to Q4.
David Palmer: Great, that's helpful. Thank you. And then you mentioned in one of your remarks that you thought the price elasticity would perhaps get a little less good, but lag and less favorable later in the year, and what is your thinking there? I think it was Jon that made that comment. I mean, how much -- we had something we've been thinking a lot about, is it the lapping of stimulus for greater availability of private label or value brands that have perhaps been more supply chain constrained. What you're thinking about price elasticities as you get further into say calendar 2022? Thanks.
Kofi Bruce: Yes. So, let me start first. I think I might have just spoke. I said inflation will balance -- inflation actually stems out in the back half, H&M is balanced. But to your question on elasticity, we are assuming a moderate increase in price elasticity, although still below our historically levels in the back half. So, that's what is contained in our sales and profit guidance.
Jon Nudi: I think we're just trying to be pragmatic, right. So, all the things you mentioned, David, are real, sometime snap benefits are decreasing a bit, although still elevated since 2019 levels. So, from a planning standpoint, we're just trying to be pragmatic and elasticity standpoint. We'll see how things play out.
David Palmer: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Chris Growe: I'll add my Happy Holidays as well. I had just two questions. The first one will just be in relation to this incremental $500 million in inflation from your initial expectations, I'm just curious if you could frame how much of that is cost inflation and how much of that is the pricing disruptions? I think you said that's incorporated into that figure. Just to get a sense of like what's ongoing, what will stall for, and what -- and hopefully will be transitory?
Jeff Harmening: It's a great question Chris. I'll -- let me take a crack at it. So, as you think about the $0.5 billion of increased cost that came in since the start of the year in our -- of that, a little less than half of that is sitting in inflation. So, which we're now estimating to be 8% to 9% for the full year, and that implies in obviously double-digits in the back half. The other half is really relating to those factors in the disruption in the supply chain, so most of which is driven by a direct costs that things that Jon alluded to inefficiency in trading, supply all the things that we're doing in this environment to ensure in key customer service levels.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for that color there. And then just a follow-up question. I think a but to Dave's question, but -- so this quarter had a stronger pricing performance than I expected, but the gross margin was weaker. And I'm just try to understand the incremental inflation you're feeling that did more of that as you think about for the year and more of that come through in 2Q causing that weaker gross margin. I'm trying to flip that with your comments about second half inflations that we have versus first half. So, -- but in the quarter was that a more heavy -- a heavier drive on the gross margin?
Jeff Harmening: The drag came from a combination of inflation and really we saw a step-up in the cost of disruption in Q2 as we move from Q1 and Q2. And so that was actually a bit more of the driver as we look into the quarter. And then I think as we go forward, as I alluded to, we expect our price/mix contribution from actions that we've already announced and negotiated with customers to start probably mid-quarter and then ramp fully into Q4.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for your time.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks Chris.
Operator: And our final question will be from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning Michael.
Michael Lavery: You've obviously talked a lot about the disruptions in the various stages of supply chain. Can you just give us a sense in your guidance what you're assuming relative to a vaccine mandate and what that might do at impact the labor market or testing costs or both?
Jeff Harmening: We actually don't have a specific provision for vaccine mandate. Obviously, it's still working its way through course, but we aren't expecting it to have a material impact on our guidance beyond what we already painted.
Michael Lavery: So, if it did stick, you've got -- the incremental cost would be pretty modest or just capture again what you already allow for?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, I think it's far more of the second, Michael. It gives us coverage.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. And then on the North America Retail components, you're snacks business is pretty significantly outperforming. But it had been for a while one of the laggards. Can you just maybe give a sense of what's really given that a boost? And if it's related to a better ability to supply product or is there, is it more innovation than some other factors?
Jon Nudi: Yes, hi Michael. So, we see the grain category and the bar category really accelerate during the lockdown and people get back to be being more mobile. So, the categories are nice. Our business actually and largely up 16% in Q2. Just not quite as much of the categories. And we'll continue to stay focused on building the brands, we're still the number one brand in the category [indiscernible] innovation month in the past first half. And then we're seeing lot go to the kids segments, so that's probably one area that we're queuing up. We're doing nicely these products we have, you see some competitor products like [indiscernible] treats that are growing really mostly off the same base. So, that’s probably the one area that we're losing competitor share. But overall, we like with competing in bars and we just focus innovation and brand building. There are new snack products, category we really like through snacks and spend and many category for us over the last four to five years are big challenges than keeping up from a capacity standpoint. We continue to be challenged from capacity standpoint, we get more coming a lot in the back half and we'll continue to grow that business nicely, double-digits, which is really exciting. So, we like our snacks business and how it's performing.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Jon Nudi: Thanks Michael.
Jeff Harmening: Okay, I think that's all the time we have this morning. Appreciate everyone's interest and good questions and discussion. Thanks for sticking with us during the holiday week. We wish everybody a restful holiday season and before we catching up in the New Year. Thanks so much.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-09-22 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the General Mills First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, September 22, 2021.
 It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Vice President and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Franz, and good morning, everyone. Appreciate you joining us today for our Q&A session on first quarter results. I hope everyone had time to review the press release, listen to our prepared remarks and view our presentation materials, which were made available this morning on our Investor Relations website.
 Please note that in our Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are based on our current views and assumptions, including facts and assumptions related to the potential impact of the pandemic on our results in fiscal '22. Please refer to this morning's press release for factors that could impact forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of non-GAAP information, which may be discussed on today's call.
 And on the call with me this morning are Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; Kofi Bruce, our CFO; and Jon Nudi, Group President of our North America Retail segment. So let's go ahead and get to the first question. Franz, can you please get us started? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will be from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. 
Andrew Lazar: Jeff, wanted to start off maybe to get a better sense of how you are thinking about guidance for the rest of the year and kind of how you're managing the business in obviously what's still a very volatile environment. I guess, specifically, it sounds like the company has not made meaningful adjustments to its original net sales outlook for the remainder of the year. But it seems like consumption still remains elevated even into your fiscal 2Q. Volume elasticity in response to pricing, while admittedly early, is almost nonexistent so far. And the company obviously has taken additional pricing actions as well. So I guess at a high level, I'm trying to get a sense of how much of guidance sort of builds in a sales deceleration and cost increases that you're already seeing versus just trying to be prudent in what's clearly still a very fluid sort of environment. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. And let me start by just kind of reiterating what's kind of in our guidance and what's not. And then I'll provide some clarity on kind of what lies ahead. Even in an uncertain market, I find that clarity beats certainty in terms of how we think about these things. And the guidance, important, you kind of hit on it that our updated guidance for the year would reflect the beat we had in sales in the first quarter, which we just announced, but really didn't have any change in our sales performance for the balance of the year. And I mean it probably raises the question then if our [ sales ] remains elevated as it has for the first quarter, would that indicate that there's a possibility that our sales could be higher. And the answer is yes, there is that possibility.
 The -- and our second quarter has certainly started out well, particularly in North America. As you look at the retail sales and as you look in past or second quarter, we're off to a nice start. But there's certainly -- there is a lot of uncertainty in our -- the revised guidance we have does not contemplate yet revised demand guidance, but I think we'll have a much better view as Q2 unfolds. And as we announce earnings in Q2, we'll have a better view, not only in the quarter, but then how does demand look for the rest of the year.
 The other piece of it is really on the bottom line. And our guidance not only contemplates what happened in the first quarter, but also the elevated inflation that we're going to see for the balance of the year. We said it was 7% at the beginning year. It's clearly going to be between 7% and 8% now as we go on the year. It also contemplates some pricing actions that we have taken in order to help address that rising inflation. And how our profit comes in will be determined -- I think about how much exactly does inflation go up and exactly when does -- was pricing hit.
 In terms of as we look forward, I think the important thing is that there are a couple of things that are really clear to us. One is that inflation is going to continue through the balance of our fiscal year, which is to say, the first half of calendar '22. That much is clear. And it's going to be broad. The second thing that's clear is that we've done a really nice job with pricing so far. And we -- our prices are going to go up for the remainder of the year as we see inflation going up. And so you started to see that at the end of Q1. And by -- hitting Q2, you'll see more pricing.
 And our job is to, as we've done for the last 3 or 4 years, is just kind of stay in the middle of both, which is to say, we're not going to chase sales growth at the expense of profitability nor are we going to be slaves to profit margin at the expense of things like driving our brands. And this balance of driving sales growth and profitability has served us well over the last few years and, I would argue, during the pandemic has served us especially well, and we're still in the midst of it. So I think I'll stop there. Otherwise, it will probably be a filibuster, but appreciate the starting question. 
Andrew Lazar: Yes. Very helpful. And then just a very quick follow-up. With some of the incremental pricing, retailers obviously always say the same thing, which is they're open to pricing when things are structural as they see structural versus, let's say, purely transitory and things of that nature. So I guess as you've kind of gone back to the well, so to speak, as a lot of others have as well, are those conversations changing at all, broadly speaking, in terms of what is sort of acceptable or thought of as transitory versus structural things that one would need to price for? Just curious, perspective on that. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Let me give you an overview, and then, Jon Nudi, if you have anything to add, I would welcome your commentary as well. I mean, ideally, you'd not like to go to -- back to retailers multiple times or consumers with price increases, but we're clearly not an ideal market. And in a market -- and everyone understands that not only is there inflation, but everyone understands it's also dynamic. And it really is, I'll probably use that word 15 times this morning, but dynamic market. And so people understand the need to revise plans and make sure that we're staying current.
 And we all -- we're all seeing the same costs. Whether it's transportation costs or labor costs or ingredient costs. I mean we're all seeing the same kind of costs, whether it's CPG companies or retailers. So it's not -- it's never easy, but I think there is understanding that we're in a market that is continuing to change. Jon Nudi, any color you'd like to add to that? 
Jonathon Nudi: Yes. I think that's exactly right. And obviously, retailers are seeing increased cost and inflation as well. And one of the things we're really proud of is the Strategic Revenue Management capability that we've built over the last 5 years or so. And it's differential in terms of the information we have, the data, the talent and the stories that we can put together. When you come to retailers with a rationale that makes sense, in fact, they tend to listen. And we're really leveraging the entire restaurant tool kit as well. So obviously, we've taken some list price increases, but we continue to look at promotional optimization and mix and PPA and leveraging all of those different tools.
 So far, so good. We like the way that conversations have gone. We've gotten the majority of our pricing accepted and more importantly, reflected in the market. So that's a trick as well. So we're really working well with retailers, and we'll continue to take the inflation and deal with it as we move throughout the year. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. 
Kenneth Goldman: With the understanding that you don't provide specific quarterly guidance, are there any items, Kofi, that we should be particularly aware of as we model the current quarter, I guess, especially as we think about unusual comparisons with last year or the timing of pricing by segment? I just want to make sure we're sort of minimizing potential surprises there. 
Kofi Bruce: Sure, Ken. Thanks for the question. Well, obviously, as you think about the -- in particular, the first half, second half perspective on the year with Q1 coming in stronger than we expect on both the top and the bottom line, we would expect a little bit more balanced year in terms of the flow of margins and that we're seeing more of the cost, obviously, and the cost increase coming in, in the back half, offset by a little bit stronger performance in the first half. And we do still expect our pricing realization to come in sort of full force in Q2 and against the inflation expectations. So just to give you a little bit more color. We don't want to get any deeper on a quarter-by-quarter basis. 
Kenneth Goldman: I appreciate that. And then as a follow-up, you showed in your chart how -- or sorry, you showed a chart in your slides on how difficult the labor market is. Obviously, your inflation outlook is being raised today largely because of that. We are anecdotally -- and it's very early, but hearing that perhaps the worst is over, though, for the labor situation, given some benefits rolling off, given back-to-school. Obviously, labor is still incredibly difficult to secure. I guess I'm just asking, is it worsening any more? Is -- are you seeing a peak in that -- those challenges? Just curious how to think about that going forward from here. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. I would think the -- no, it's a very fair question, Ken. I guess we foresee labor challenges persisting for quite a while, I mean, especially if you look at logistics. So there's a shortage of truck drivers here in the U.S., and that's not going to abate for a while. There is a shortage in shipping containers as we look at global transportation. You can see them on pictures in the L.A. port. So that's not going to be -- go away for a while. And while we have seen a little bit of loosening in the labor markets once the government spending has kind of decreased, that's not going to solve the whole -- that's not going to help solve the whole dilemma. So I would suggest that the challenges we have with labor and labor inflation are going to persist for quite some time. We have not really seen them abate significantly at this point. 
Operator: Our next question is from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. 
David Palmer: In your transcript, you mentioned that your service levels weren't quite where you wanted them to be. I wonder, what is the average out there in service levels in the industry? And where do you think General Mills is versus normal for today for the industry, but also normal versus itself? And is there any sort of outcome from this? Is it -- are you below where you'd like to be in terms of ship sales? Or are there penalties happening? 
Jeffrey Harmening: Fair question. Jon Nudi, do you want to take that one on? 
Jonathon Nudi: Yes, absolutely. So David, what I would say is that our service levels are certainly better than they were at the beginning of the pandemic, but still quite a bit off of where we'd like them to be, which is in the high 90s. And really, we're seeing a widespread impact, everything from raw material vendors, challenges there, internal manufacturing, co-packer manufacturing and our distribution network.
 And it's almost whack-a-mole right now. So we have literally hundreds of disruptions in our supply chains, and it really changes on a daily and weekly basis. So we've gone back to some of the practices that served us well at the beginning of the pandemic. We've stood up the control towers at the working level on a daily basis, on a weekly basis at, I mean, more senior level to really dig in and work with our teams to solve these issues. And we do expect these issues to persist throughout the year.
 What I like is the way that we're performing, and I think we're outperforming versus many of our competitors in this space. So we are probably somewhere in the 80s in terms of total service levels. And what I would tell you is that it varies widely across categories. And the majority of our categories were actually in the 90s and then performing well. We have a few that -- we have capacity issues. We have a few ingredient issues that are really dragging us down.
 So we continue to work closely with retailers. In fact, the bulk of our discussions right now with retailers are really around service and making sure that we can ship the product that our consumers are ultimately looking for. So I like the way that we're performing. At the same time, we think it's going to be a challenge as we continue to move throughout the rest of the year. 
David Palmer: And then just a follow-up on pet food, maybe a good time to go over where you think the big picture strategy and opportunity is now that you closed on the treats acquisition. Where are your market shares maybe by major pet segment? And where do you see that opportunity? Where do you see that market share going to from your major segments? And I'll pass it on. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Sure. On Blue Buffalo, the first thing I would say is that our organic business on Blue Buffalo performed quite well in the first quarter. I mean we were up 20% and gaining market share really across all the different segments. Having said that, I think it's important also to reflect that for pet, we probably had our easiest comp in the year this past quarter. We're going -- grew about 6% in the first quarter last year and 18% in the second quarter. And so as good as I feel about Blue Buffalo, I feel great about it.
 I wouldn't model 20% growth for us from here on out because the comparisons get quite a bit steeper as the year goes on. But Blue Buffalo in itself is performing quite well. We really have opportunities across the segment. We over-index in dry dog food, and we basically under-index in every other subsegment of the category. So there is broad opportunity.
 And I would say with the Tyson acquisition, when we first looked at it several months ago, we liked it. And once we had bought it, we got a closer look. We really liked it. Now that we have it, we like it even more. And what I can tell you is that the growth of 20% is -- kind of exceeded our initial expectations, and it's got a good management team. And they're -- we've not only bought some nice brand, a good portfolio, but a good team.
 And what that acquisition really helps us to do is cement our leadership in the treats part of the dog category and something we wouldn't have been able to get to by ourselves. And so it's very complementary, both in product form and in customers where Blue Buffalo sits. So the more we've got to see it, the more we feel good after spending that kind of money to make an acquisition. But we feel good both about Blue and about this recent acquisition of the Tyson pet food business. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. 
Michael Lavery: You -- you've got broad pricing across, really, it looks like, every category and segment. Can you touch on just what you're seeing as far as elasticities? And certainly, your sales are holding up, but any surprises? Any variation? It looks like the consumer demand really remains strong, but especially just looking ahead, anything we should maybe watch out for or where there could be some little bit more volume pressure, perhaps? 
Jeffrey Harmening: Michael, what I would say is you made an observation, I think, which is really important, which is that the pricing that we realized in the first quarter is broad. And I think that speaks to what Jon Nudi was talking about earlier in our Strategic Revenue Management capability and the fact that our capability is significantly better across our company than it was 4 years ago. And you see that in the market. We got out to market fast, and we've been out there effectively.
 As we look at -- as -- you talk about elasticity of demand, it is still early. We don't have a tremendous amount of data points yet. Having said that, it seemed to us as if demand is holding up quite well, it's holding up a little bit better than we had thought.
 And if I think through the logic of that, particularly here in the U.S., you see that restaurant traffic is still down, the food cost from away-from-home eating are going up at least as fast as they are in at-home eating because of the labor piece of that, and they face the same pressures we do from an ingredient standpoint. So when you see broad-based inflation not only in at-home eating, but also perhaps even more so in away-from-home eating where restaurants, many of them not only do they see inflation, but they're having trouble staffing all of their restaurants.
 It seems to us that this is an environment where elasticity, at least so far, has seemed to us, are a little bit lower than what we have said. Now the sample size is small, and we'll continue to monitor that. But that's what we see in the world right now and pretty much true across the world, whether it's here, in the U.K. or in China or Brazil. 
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's great. And just a follow-up on your comments about the digital programming and just the unique position you have with all the data you get from the receipts for Box Tops. Can you give a little bit more sense of how you can take advantage of that and really put that data to work? 
Jeffrey Harmening: Well, what we're able to do, whether it's the Buddies by Blue Buffalo, whether it's Box Tops for Education or whether it's what we're doing in China with our Häagen-Dazs omnichannel approach to shops, is that we can better meet consumer demands, and we can give them things that are more specifically interesting to them. And the more specifically -- specific things you can give to consumers, the better off you're going to be in attracting their sales.
 And not only that, particularly things like Box Tops for Education, we can also partner with our retail customers because a lot of them have first-party data now. And we can combine the data that we have with the data that they have in order to customize offers to consumers that are to the benefit of them, realizing, of course, all the privacy laws and so forth. So I don't want to go in too much more depth than that other than to say that it's the next evolution of marketing. And we talk about connected commerce, and I think for some, it sounds like a buzzword. But we wanted to give you a couple of clear examples that -- at least here at General Mills, it's not a buzzword. It's something we're taking an active approach to. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. 
Christopher Growe: I just had a quick question, if I could. In an environment where you're seeing stronger revenue growth, and that's translated into stronger profit growth as we saw in the first quarter. I just want to get a sense around investment. And that can obviously take many forms, marketing or investing back in the business, sort of white space. And you've done a lot of investment back in the business for the last few years. But I want to get a sense of as we think about your opportunities for, say, incremental marketing or something along those lines, would continued stronger revenue growth prompt you to want to reinvest more heavily is the ultimate question. 
Kofi Bruce: Chris, thanks for the question. So as we think about structurally, where we are in the year, we're confident that we have strong support behind our priority brands. And we would expect to retain that even as we do see additional cost pressure come in. On the basis of everything we know, we still believe that we have strong ideas, and we're going to continue to support those. I think as we roll forward here, we will also continue to support our capabilities, investments around data and analytics. So at the core of our expectations and our guidance, we've preserved our expectations for the year. 
Christopher Growe: Okay. And just a follow-up question, if I could. In relation to the incremental cost inflation that you expect for the year, you also talked about some more SRM actions and obviously, you still have HMM savings. So does the inflation that's coming through, do you believe you can offset that with your SRM initiatives this year, such that costs are roughly offset by the SRM initiatives and plus HMM? 
Kofi Bruce: Yes. So I think I'll start with just the recognition that the environment remains dynamic on the cost side. So we are seeing cost changes moving through the system rapidly. We are -- at this point, our -- we do have a best call on the cost picture for the year, moving up from 7% to 8%. And we've got plans to address what we can see. And the best thing I can tell you is that we are prepared to act should it change further, which is a very distinct possibility in this environment given how much we've seen it move here in the first 3 months of the year. 
Christopher Growe: And then just one follow-on to that, Kofi. The incremental inflation, is that across the remaining 3 quarters? Or is it maybe perhaps more heavily in, say, Q2? Just to understand how that cost -- the incremental costs run for the year. 
Kofi Bruce: Yes. So I'll give you the perspective that it is going to impact the second half of the year a little bit more heavily than the first half as you can expect, given the combination of our hedge positions and where we would expect to see this exposure more heavily hit us. So that is part of why we would give you the perspective that we see a little bit more balance in the profit picture between the first half and the second half. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. 
Alexia Howard: Can you hear me okay? 
Kofi Bruce: Yes. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. 
Alexia Howard: Perfect. All right. So the first question I had was really around the categories or the businesses that are holding or gaining share. I think you said that of your priority businesses, you are holding or gaining share in over 2/3 of those. I'm just wondering, which businesses are not priority? And is there an overall number for the company overall? And then I have a quick follow-up. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. I'm not going to give it down to the decimal point, Alexia, on what's priority and not. But I would say that our priority businesses are the overwhelming majority of our businesses. So they are the most significant part. They represent the top 10 categories for us in the U.S. and our categories in Europe and Asia and Brazil. And they include all the global categories as well as the local gems that we talk about. So it's the vast majority of our categories.
 And so when we say we're gaining share, roughly 65% or so of our categories, you can be confident that is most of our categories throughout the world. And we say prioritize, though, because it doesn't include some, but it includes all of the biggest, most important categories for us. 
Alexia Howard: Okay. And then I think you said earlier that, in answer to the question about service levels, that there are certain categories where you've got capacity constraints and/or ingredient issues. Are you able to just give us a little bit more color on where those ingredient issues are happening? Is it bringing things in from emerging markets? And then domestically, is it capacity issues mainly because of labor? Or is it getting parts into the machines? I'm just trying to figure out where the pain points are from a supply chain perspective. And I'll pass it on. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. I would say, Alexia, that there are a couple of categories where we have supply constraints, only because demand has been high for such a long time. And I'll give you fruit snacks as an example of that here in the U.S., where we grew share, massive amounts of share 2 years in a row. Demand was high before the pandemic, has been high during the pandemic. It's certainly higher right now. And so we've had to go out and add more capacity, which we're going to do -- which we signed off on a year ago and which we come to market a year, but that takes a long time to get to. So fruit snacks would be a great example of one of those places. And desserts right now would be another example where the desserts category has been really strong for us. And so we have capacity constraints.
 When it comes to ingredients, it's a little bit here and a little bit there. It's not one particular ingredient all around the world. It's really a combination of small things, as I think Jon Nudi aptly described it as whack-a-mole. I mean there's a little -- there's ingredient shortage here and a little bit there. There's labor shortage here, and a truck that's not out there. And so it is not a geography or a category where we see it. It's a little bit of everything. And from what we understand, I think probably most of our competitors and most of our retail customers are experiencing something very similar. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. 
Stephen Robert Powers: Kofi, not to belabor it, but just to round out the comments you've made thus far on cost and cadence. Can you just talk about where cost inflation ran in the first quarter relative to your call for 7%, 8% in the year? And then if possible, the same thing on HMM savings relative to the 4% full year impact expectation? And then I've got a follow-up on pet likely for Jeff. 
Kofi Bruce: Okay. Sure. So our HMM ran roughly in line with our sort of full year forecast. And then I think as you look at cost inflation, it was a touch lower, still elevated. So not -- I don't want to get too precise. But I think it's a touch lower than we expected it to be for the remaining 3 quarters [ than it was. ] And the original inflation call is relatively balanced. 
Stephen Robert Powers: Okay. Okay. That helps. And then, Jeff, going back to pet treats and the Tyson brands, as you said, off to a very solid, strong start. Can you expand just on your expectations there as you -- mainly as you plug those businesses into the Blue Buffalo go-to-market model? And just any context on timing as to how you see that process unfolding? 
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. I was -- first of all, I would say it's off to a strong start. I mean -- and the -- what I'm really pleased with is the way that the Tyson team we inherited and the Blue Buffalo team are really working together already, even if we haven't plugged it into our system. And as I indicated earlier, there is certainly a talented team that we brought over from Tyson, we feel good about them. But we haven't plugged them into our whole system yet or either our distribution system or how that -- or our omnichannel system. And so that's going to take a little bit of time. I mean I don't have an exact date for that.
 The key for us is that we maintain our execution of that business because it's executing quite well on its own while we bring it in piece by piece to some of the Blue Buffalo businesses, and some things we'll integrate, and some things we won't. And -- but what I can tell you right now is that the teams are working very well together, and it's -- we're only a couple of months in, but we like the start we're off to. And I think once we are able to plug in some of our capabilities to this Tyson business, whether it's Strategic Revenue Management, which we really haven't quite done yet, or Holistic Margin Management, which we haven't done yet, or plug it into the sales team and add to their capabilities, we think that there's quite a bit of room for growth. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets. 
Nik Modi: Jeff, I wanted to ask a question about -- you've been talking a lot about whack-a-mole, which I think is pretty clear given the environment. But the whack-a-mole seems like it's becoming more normal when you think about just disruptions, weather events and labor shortage, labor issues are probably going to persist longer, issues with other countries in the U.S. and trade wars and impact on ingredient costs.
 So I'm just curious, like do you think the industry, in general, needs to go through a mini CapEx surge to really appropriate the supply chains and the capabilities to make sure that they can deliver consistent results through this, what I would characterize is going to be probably a volatile environment for many years to come? 
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. The -- Nik, your observation that it's a volatile environment across all the things you indicated, I think that's exactly right. What I would say is that I think in environments that are difficult, General Mills has tended to perform it's best, and you saw that during the beginning of the pandemic. I think you see it with our first quarter release, and I'm certainly hopeful that you'll see it in the subsequent quarters.
 And people talk about strategy all the time, but execution is pretty important. And we're executing really, really well. And it's because we're addressing all the things that you just talked about.
 Now the question is how to address it. Capital may be one area. In some places, automation be -- maybe an area in some cases. But I would also tell you that the coordination amongst your supply chain and your marketing functions and your sales functions, that's as important as adding capital expenditures or automation or things like that. And so I do believe that the challenges that we see right now are -- I think they are the new normal for the foreseeable future. And with the supply chain we have and with the restructuring that we just did, which kind of addresses the holistic business here in North America, I think our chances of executing well will remain high. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow: Congrats on the results, certainly much better than I expected. I wanted to know about the hedges, Kofi. I think you said that you're about 50% hedged for the year. In the back half of the year, can I assume that, that means that you're generally like 0% hedged in the back half?
 And then what kind of things do you hedge? And what do you not hedge? Maybe you could remind us. Because like trucking, logistics costs, are those part of the hedges? Or is it really like just ingredients that you hedge? 
Kofi Bruce: Sure. Sure. So just -- I'll start by just a gentle correction of our hedge levels. We're at about 66%, so roughly 2/3 covered on the year at our present demand and volume expectations. So I think to your question about what we cover, I think, generally, in the ingredients on commodity side, we'll be able to hedge where there are markets. Some of those ingredients cover the long-term contracts, which gets you effectively the same thing.
 As we look at the logistics side, obviously, we do have long-haul and short-haul trucking contracts in our network. Obviously, with the labor pressures, there is upward price pressure on that entire complex just as a result of the shortage of drivers to get to drive trucks and, frankly, I think, even labor to unload trucks and shipping containers on the other side.
 So that -- we are covered partially through the contracts that we have. The key is making sure that we continue to execute most of our routes on contract, and we are seeing a little bit of pressure as a result of having to do more sort of off-contract and off-network as a result of the labor shortage and the environment. 
Robert Moskow: Okay. That makes sense. And what happens when a supplier, like, is late or has to charge premiums to you because of logistics challenges? Is that hedged? Or is that not hedged? 
Kofi Bruce: No. Generally, no. And that is part of what -- I think one of the things that Jon has spoken to very clearly, this is -- the entire network, incoming and out, is under similar pressure. So that's a place where we do see some incremental operating costs in this environment. 
Operator: Our next question is from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. 
Jonathan Feeney: In the years before the pandemic, I had the pleasure of covering some of the retailers, too, as well as food. And I think the conversation was relentlessly data versus relationships. It was all about elasticity and private label shares and retailers getting smarter, omnichannel, creating more data. And it's basically forcing retailers to change their shelf set more frequently based on all this maybe more quantitative factors than qualitative.
 And -- but in the past 6 months, it seems like there's this narrative in the industry that it seems that retailers are unhappy with case fill rates. It's difficult to -- and the industry pricing-wise, like it was a very good performance to have a minor -- relative performance to have a minor gross margin decrement year-over-year, but some others are much worse. It feels to me like the pendulum has swung, and now it's -- well, that data is less important. I mean elasticities, to your point earlier, are excellent. Private label shares are in free fall in most of these categories. I mean supply is short.
 You would think if this were -- you look at the inflations of -- that I lived through in '07 and 2011, like these kinds of indicators would have suggested dramatically more pricing protecting and maybe even expanding gross margin on a 2-year basis, certainly, versus prepandemic levels and better utilization, et cetera.
 So I guess I wanted your comment about-- is that -- am I wrong about the analytics, first of all? Is that right about that kind of pendulum and the conversation between you and your retail customers? And do you think that in a more normal environment, it swings back to where, hey, more people buying your products, elasticities are good, and that suggest more pricing power over time? 
Jeffrey Harmening: I guess, Jonathan, let me take a crack at the overview and then Jon Nudi, to the extent you want to add on. When I think about the data versus relationships when it comes to retail customers, I think about it the same way as I think about brick-and-mortar retail and e-commerce, which is at the end. And especially in food, where yes, we have [ e-commerce, ] but a lot -- 85% of our e-commerce goes through stores. And so you need to be good at e-commerce, and you need to be good at the physical distribution of products as well, which is why we've talked about connected commerce.
 The same is true of what we're going through with retail customers right now. Yes, data is important. It will be coming -- it will remain important. Data keeps getting better for our retailers. It keeps getting better for us. That will certainly play a role, but you only trust the data of people you actually trust. And so the retail relationships we have are also important because as we go to market and talk about what's going on in the environment, we need to make sure we have those relationships. So they are both important.
 As we think about elasticity of demand, we'll see. We're kind of an uncharted territory, to be honest with you. And that's why all elasticity models are always based on historical data, which is usual to a point, but only to a point.
 And that's why I made the commentary earlier about we're seeing inflation broadly, not only across our products, but also across restaurants as well. And that's why I made the comment about service levels of restaurants and the ability to get labor because it seems like in that environment, it feels like elasticity should hold out pretty well, and they have so far, but we'll see what is to come. Jon Nudi, anything you want to add on either of those topics? 
Jonathon Nudi: Yes. I mean I think that's well said. The only thing I would add is I think prior to the pandemic, there was a narrative that big brands were challenged. And I would say, first of all, consumers like our brands, and we continue to build them and innovate and build our brands, and that's worked for us.
 The other thing I would say is for retailers, there's power in having scale. So they can -- a retailer can make a call to us, and we operate across 25 different categories in the U.S. And that's helpful on the supply chain side. We can work in all those categories and really drive scale and make sure that we're operating well to service their shelves.
 And at the same time, we can focus on capabilities, whether that be connected commerce and digital marketing or e-commerce. So I think retailers are recognizing or have recognized that having powerful partnerships with some big manufacturers is beneficial to them, really streamlines their work. It's good for us, and it's good for them as well. 
Operator: And speakers, our final question for today will be from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. 
Robert Dickerson: So just a quick question kind of to dissect category dynamics a bit. Obviously, elasticity kind of remains just unknown, but it seems as if maybe there is encouraging light at the end of the tunnel so to speak. At the same time, though, you're saying food at home demand remains a bit elevated. But then we also see cereal, meals and baking decline a bit, which, obviously, isn't shocking relative to the year ago quarter.
 I'm just curious, as you sit down and you think about the guide and you dissected category to category, like is it fair to say, as we move forward over the next few quarters or so or as mobility increases, that it's rational to think that maybe meals and baking and cereal are still a bit more pressured relative to kind of fluid COVID rates versus snacks and maybe the snacking part of the portfolio actually could continue to perform despite shifts in mobility? That's the first question. 
Jeffrey Harmening: I guess I would say, Rob, that broadly speaking, all of our categories are up over where they were a couple of years ago. And at the same time, you're right, as consumers get to be more on the go, categories that are more on the go have -- we've seen an uptick in those. And for our -- that's our bars category, for example. And whether that's in Europe or whether that's in U.S., we've seen the same kind of trend.
 But I think importantly, either whether you look at baking or whether you look at cereal, I mean, the trends versus a couple of years ago are pretty good. And the ones that are on the go categories are improving as you suggest. Jon Nudi, anything you want to add to that commentary? 
Jonathon Nudi: No. I think you hit it. I mean obviously, it's dynamic. And when you compete in as many categories as we do, there's a lot of moving parts. And one of the things that Jeff has really stressed since he's been CEO is that we want to compete effectively in all the categories we compete in. So that's what we're really focused on. And obviously, as Jeff said, snacking has really rebounded, and we're seeing good growth there. And there's big important categories like cereal where, again, over a 2-year basis, we are growing, which is great. And we think there's some dynamics with kids getting back to school and focus on convenience, we'll see that category continue to accelerate, which we sell in August.
 So we like how we're competing broadly in the U.S. We've grown share in greater than 50% of our business in Q1, and we've done it for 4 years in a row. So again, this wasn't just a pandemic-driven performance. We like the way that we're competing, and we'll continue to focus on that as we move forward. 
Robert Dickerson: Okay. Perfect. And then just quickly, I think in the prepared remarks, you stated that it's an ongoing process and search for potential go-forward acquisitions, but then also potential divestments.
 So I guess, just very broadly speaking, now that we have kind of a time line on yogurt divestment, would you say you're kind of like largely done with that divestment piece of the portfolio optimization efforts? Or are you always looking, let's say, and specifically looking at certain pockets that could still be up for divestment potential? And that's it. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. Rob, I guess, I mean, what I would say is that we're looking to close the [ Yoplait ] transaction at the end of this year, and we just closed an acquisition with Tyson. So we feel good about those things. I would view our portfolio shaping as kind of an always-on capability. I mean, similar, we viewed strategic revenue management -- it used to be episodic until we made it always on. And the same will be true with our portfolio shaping.
 I'm really proud of what we've done in our base business, not only this quarter, but the last few years. But it's also clear to me that we need to do that and continue to reshape our portfolio. And some of that will be through acquisitions, and I think this Tyson acquisition is a great example of that. And to the extent that we think that investments are better spent in priority categories versus those that aren't prioritized, we'll look at additional divestment opportunities as well. And so we'll continue to compete effectively in the categories we're in, and we'll continue to look for M&A opportunities.
 I think one of the things I've been most pleased about over the last couple of years is that we've been able to do both effectively. And whether it's the start of Tyson or the way we've done with Blue Buffalo, we're keeping our eye on the ball as we've divested Yoplait. We've done all of that. And so there are some companies that can say that, but I feel good about that combination for us, and we'll continue to look at that into the future. 
Operator: And speakers, I'll return the call back to you. You may continue with your presentation or closing remarks. 
Jeff Siemon: Great. Thanks so much. We are going to wrap up there. Thank you, everyone, for the time and good questions this morning. If you do have follow-ups, please feel free to reach out to me throughout the day. Otherwise, we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thanks so much. 
Operator: And that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and kindly ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-06-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the General Mills Fiscal 2021 Q4 Earnings Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in the listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded on Wednesday, June 30, 2021.  I would now like to turn the conference over to the VP of Investor Relations, Mr. Jeff Siemon. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Frank, and good morning. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today for our Q&A session on fourth quarter results. I hope you had the time to review our press release, listen to our prepared remarks and view our presentation materials, which were made available this morning on our Investor Relations website. It's important to note that in our Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions, including facts and assumptions related to the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results in fiscal '22. Please refer to this morning's press release for factors that could impact forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of non-GAAP information, which may be discussed on today's call. I'm here this morning with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; Kofi Bruce, our CFO; and Jon Nudi, Group President of our North America Retail segment. Let's go ahead and get to the first question. Frank, can you get us started, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman: Two for me. The first is, can you give us a sense of what to expect for the cadence of the cost inflation this year? And then the second one is, the street, I think, is looking for maybe about 40 basis points in your gross margin in terms of the decline year-on-year in fiscal '22. I know you're not guiding to this, but given what you've said about inflation, HMM and pricing and nearly net pricing, is it kind of reasonable to expect something in this range? Or is that far off from what you're looking for?
Kofi Bruce: Ken, this is Kofi. Thanks for the question. So as we look at the year, I think it's important for us to just give some perspective, and I'll address it maybe through the lens of the flow of margins. We would expect our back half to deliver higher margins than the front half with particular pressure on Q1 where we would see the combination, obviously, of inflation and pricing that starts later in the quarter, the benefits of pricing flowing through later in the quarter. So -- and as for the flow of those, that guidance on margins would reflect roughly relatively balanced flow on our expectations for the full year for inflation, and then obviously, with the pricing really kicking in as we step into Q2.
Ken Goldman: And then just the second question. Is that 40 basis points for the year that The Street is looking for, is that far out of line with what you're thinking, Kofi?
Kofi Bruce: Well, we're not going to give guidance at gross margin. But obviously, our guidance on profit, on operating profit and sales would indicate something in the range of a modest decline in operating profit margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Jeff, I know you used the words dynamic, and I'm certain a bunch of times in your prepared remarks. And even though the consumer side of things may be getting -- maybe a little bit more visible, obviously, the cost and comparison side of the equation are still pretty challenging. So I guess my question is, how much flexibility do you think you've left yourselves in the FY '22 guidance in light of the industry challenges, also knowing how the timing of pricing and other actions tends to work to offset costs?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, Andrew, I think your observation is a good one. And we use dynamic and we use uncertain, I also say volatile, so we can throw that one in too, right? And it is -- from a demand perspective, it's still as volatile. And even if mentally many consumers are getting beyond COVID, the demand environment is volatile not only with respect to at-home versus away-from-home consumption but also what is the impact of pricing going to be? And what does that mean for elasticity? So I would say the demand environment is still volatile, and as is the cost environment. And so whether that's input costs on manufacturing or whether that's transportation or whether those are commodities, it is a pretty volatile environment. What I'm proud of is over the past year, and we've been able to navigate that well and do what we said we're going to do. In fact, each of the last 3 years, we've done what we said we're going to do. And now we still have to face this year. And -- but I feel good about our guidance. I don't think it's so conservative, and I don't think we're on over our skis. We're trying to tell you here's what we think we will do. And is it easy in this kind of environment? No. But I feel good about our capabilities and how we're executing right now. And we're very clear on our path forward. So all of those things give me confidence that we can do what we said we're going to do. But it's a tricky environment, and I think that it will be.
Andrew Lazar: And then there was a survey done recently that we read about one of the large CPG brokers, and it showed how, I guess, manufacturers were more optimistic about sort of sales trends in the back half of this calendar year compared to retailer expectations. And I didn't know if you've encountered sort of this divide in expectations in your discussions with your key customers. And if you have, maybe why you think this gap exists with respect to the differential again and expectations around maybe sales and/or stickiness between manufacturers and retailers?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, Andrew, and this -- I want this to come off in the right way, but you know what I said just a second ago that it's volatile. I think this is exhibit A, when you have a group of one -- one group thinking one thing, another just shows that there's a level of uncertainty and volatility. That would be the first point. The second is that if you look at our guidance for the year, we said we'd be down modestly on sale of minus 1% to minus 3%. And I can tell you that we're lock-step with our retail customers, and we have good partnerships with them and we're pretty well aligned with what they think. And so -- but I can understand why there are differences because it is a volatile environment by -- varies by category as well as geography. So we're very well aligned with our customers, not only on the demand environment, but also the cost environment. They see the same cost pressures we do. And we've instituted pricing in the vast majority of our categories and markets throughout the world. And while no one wants to increase prices, we've had to do that because the cost environment is what it is. And we have found them to be understanding because they're in the same kind of boat that we are.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: I was thinking about the terms that you're using, Jeff, to describe the environment as volatile. But I want to get a little tighter on it because I would say that the cost environment is very volatile and maybe the pricing as well. But your opening comments would indicate that demand has been fortuitously strong, it has stayed strong. So are you saying demand is volatile, too? Or are you just saying it's uncertain? Because I would describe it as uncertain because you just don't know how their people will react in the fall when maybe they go back to school and go back to offices.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Rob, I appreciate the distinction. I would say that what we have seen in the recent past is not very volatile. In fact, it's been pretty steady. And honestly, it's kind of playing out as we thought it would, which is our business was down in the last quarter versus where it was last year during the stock up. It was actually quite a bit higher than it was pre-pandemic as are our shares. And we've been talking for quite some time that although in some corners people thought demand would kind of fall off a cliff when people started going back to the office and got returning to normal pre-pandemic, we said we think actually some of these behaviors will be sticky, and that's what we have seen. So it hasn't been volatile in the recent past. The question is, what's going to happen for the remainder of the year as pricing kicks in, as we -- as kids go back to school as we hit the fall, I think it will be a volatile environment, and we're calling it the best we can, given our assumptions. But you are correct. It hasn't been volatile in the recent past. But as we look ahead 3 months and 6 months, I think that will be what we're going to be dealing with. And yes, I would note, during that period, Rob, we still expect at-home food consumption to be above pre-pandemic levels, even if it's below -- slightly below a year ago.
Robert Moskow: Right. Okay. And this question might be more in the weeds, but the strategy in grow, I guess, division or organization that you're creating internally, is that just combining some corporate functions together like corporate insights and M&A together? Or are you expanding the role and taking some of the responsibilities of the business units like revenue growth management maybe and pulling it into this division? Like how is this -- how big of a change is this division you've developed?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, it's a -- I would say it's a decent-sized change, but what we're not doing is taking operating responsibility out of the businesses. And in fact, what we're doing is pushing operating responsibility for the near term and more closely align to the businesses, which is really important. So we are doing that. In terms of the strategy area itself, we are centralizing some of the capabilities because you don’t want to do modeling, for example, in many different places. You want to be able to do that in 1 central location, but then it's up to the businesses themselves to use that modeling and then to decide what's best for their businesses. So you want some centralized capabilities so you can develop scale and expertise, but then you want to use those models to be in the businesses who are responsible for the P&L. So that's where we're doing that. The other thing we're doing, I would say, is that similar to what we've done with strategic revenue management over time, we're -- at one point in time many years ago, it was something we did periodically was thinking about pricing and we turned into it always on kind of function. The same would be true of our strategy function. We're kind of beefing up our strategy function as well as M&A as we look to the future and certainly what we need to do to hit our sustainable top-line growth targets is we need to keep competing effectively, but we also need to do more portfolio shaping. And so in that sense, we have an always-on strategy group that is maybe different than what we have done in the recent past.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: And maybe if I can come back on one of those questions. So when you say at-home consumption will be more elevated in post pandemic, I mean, I think that's probably what the assumption for everyone. Now by how much, it's really a question. So could you maybe help us understand your thinking process made by category, how you see those more elevated than -- consumption post pandemic and what is triggering this in your view?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, Laurent, I think for this call, it's probably not helpful for us to go category by category. But I think if I can give you -- what's underlying the assumption as to why we think this is going to happen. In our human food business, and I'm going to separate pet. But in our human food business, what I would say is that there are a couple of factors underlying our belief that we'll continue to see demand that's above pre-pandemic levels. The first is that more people are going to work from home more often than go into the office every day. And we're fairly certain that, that is here to stay. So there will be a new normal and where people work. The second is that consumers, many millennials have really gained cooking skills and baking skills and newfound confidence in the kitchen and they can find that they can save money by doing it. And so while they -- we're not saying people won't want to still go out to eat, we believe that there's a younger generation that maybe not have done this before. Our penetration data show this, especially in the U.S. that we have a whole new group of consumers that have elevated demand. The third would be that our e-commerce business has grown rapidly over time. In fact, it's now 11% of our sales, up from 5% 18 months ago. And while the continued growth may not be linear over the next period of time, many people have found shopping in grocery stores become much easier than it was before. And many time [Indiscernible] convenience [Indiscernible], it tends to stick. So for all of those reasons on our human food business, we believe -- even as people go out to restaurants more, even as kids start to go back to school, there will be some of the demand that is sticky for food at-home. The other thing I would say is, for pet is a little bit more straightforward, and frankly, there are more pets than they were before. And that is certainly true here in the U.S., it's true in other parts of the world as well. But particularly in the U.S., 85% of those new pets are in homes that already contained one pet. And so these are people who are used to having pets. And so the amount of pet food that's going to be consumed over the next few years, we think, is going to be elevated in addition to the fact that the fastest-growing part of pet continues to be the natural segment, which is where our Blue Buffalo competes. And so we would anticipate that the category itself will be above what it has been the last couple of years, and that natural will remain ahead of the category in terms of growth.
Laurent Grandet: If I may, I got a second question. It's about plant-based dairy. We have seen, I mean, recently increased interest in plant-based dairy from consumers and actually also from investors as well. So could you please update us what's the plan with your Yoplait brand in the U.S. and Canada as well as again that internationally and potentially maybe update us about your pet investment as well?
Jon Nudi: Laurent, it's Jon Nudi. Hope you’re well. So the yogurt category in the U.S. is really starting to accelerate. So it was up 5% in April and May, up 2.5% in June. And really, what's driving that is this simply better health segment, so that was up 31%. So that's products like Ratio Keto, which is one of our products, [Indiscernible], and we put plant-based in there as well. So we're definitely seeing growth in that segment. In terms of the Yoplait, we launched Oui a plant-based product several years ago that has continued to do quite well. We're actually looking at launching a Yoplait plant-based product in the coming year as well. So it's still relatively small in yogurt in the U.S., growing quickly. Really, that’s simply better health segment with the dairy-based products there, Ratio Keto, and [Indiscernible] and the [Indiscernible]. So plant-based remains an area of focus for us. I would tell you it's not the biggest segment and probably not with the bulk of the growth in the coming year.
Laurent Grandet: And internationally for Häagen-Dazs, any plan there?
Jeff Harmening: When it comes to plant-based ice cream, I think it is a very, very small part of the category. What I will say is our Häagen-Dazs business has been growing very, very nicely and continues to do well all over the world, particularly strong growth in China and in Europe this past year. And we've got some great innovation coming on Häagen-Dazs. And so plant-based is really small, but we are confident that we can continue to grow our Häagen-Dazs business really well in key geographies and looking for a summer where more consumers are out and about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English: So now that you've announced price increases in the vast majority of categories and markets, can you give us some clarity on how much net price realization you expect to realize in your down 1 to 3 full year organic sales outlook?
Kofi Bruce: Jason, this is Kofi. Appreciate the question. Let me give you a frame to think about this. So as we give guidance on inflation of about 7%, we would expect our holistic margin management to register about 4 percentage points of cost of goods sold. So that would offset a good portion of the inflation. And obviously, in this environment, we would need some additional price realization. While we're not quantifying it, we would expect the combination of levers through strategic revenue management, both list pricing, price pack optimization, trade optimization, all of those things to yield us enough to cover our inflation expectations.
Jason English: Okay. So take that remaining 3% of COGS and gross it up to revenue is probably a safe place to go right now? I think that's what you said. Switching gears but still remaining kind of on the topic of offsetting inflationary pressures. Your recent restructuring announcement, I thought you're going to have a lot more meat on the bone to give us today on this. But there's not a lot. Can you give us more clarity around the initiatives, including the expected cost savings? And how much do you expect to reinvest?
Kofi Bruce: Well, I will give you a frame to think about this. And let me sort of touch on what we're getting at. This is not simply a cost savings exercise, as Jeff kind of alluded to in some of his earlier answer. We are sort of aligning resources to growth-facing purposes. So there isn't here an expectation that we'll prioritize. Areas like digital and data and analytics, SRM, strategy and M&A, as Jeff mentioned earlier, those things are all critical to sort of maintaining the growth engine. Our expectation after this exercise is that our admin costs as a percent of net sales will be roughly in line with our fiscal '21. So they will keep pace with the sales decline.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: So I guess my question is just around as we're working through our models and thinking about and trying to factor-in in inflation, maybe Kofi, could you give us a little bit of a -- some color on maybe which segments are going to feel more inflation than others. And maybe just how we could think of how we should be thinking about the potential volatility of inflation just within segments? And then, I guess, tied to that question is just as we're thinking about the revenue management component of covering inflation, is it more pronounced in some segments than others? Just trying to get a sense of how we should be looking at that across segments? Or is it really generally the same across all of them?
Kofi Bruce: I appreciate the question. And while I don't want to get too specific at the segment level, what I will tell you is all of our segments are experiencing higher inflation, we are addressing in all of our segments with the mix of holistic margin management in line with our historical levels and SRM, I mean, using the entirety of the SRM toolkit in all 5 of the segments.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then maybe just a follow-up. I know there's been a lot of talk about pricing, price increases as part of the way to combat inflation. We've heard that across our whole coverage universe. What do we expect on the back side of that, right? So as some of this inflation moderates, hopefully, would the expectation be that this pricing has stopped? Or would there be the potential that some of it would have to be dealt back as inflation moderates? Just trying to understand just how unusual this environment is, just how we should be thinking about the stickiness of those price increases if and when inflation rolls over?
Jeff Harmening: We'll probably -- usually, we don't give forward-looking views on pricing. And so I think that's probably the best plan to stick to that here, which is not to say your question is not a fair one. I just think for us to talk about future pricing is probably not something we should do too much other than to say, I think one of the keys to our success as we look ahead as it has been recently, is our agility. And we've proven ourselves pretty agile during that last year, including with recent pricing we've taken into the marketplace relatively quickly. And I attribute that to the fact that we have an always-on capability. And so in a volatile market, trying to be certain is not a good place to be. What you need to be is thoughtful and you need to be fast. And I think of both of those things, and we're going to try to continue to do both of those things. So you raised a good question. We're not going to answer directly because we usually don't talk about pricing. But I do believe that the key challenge in the volatile environment is to be clear and to be agile. And we will certainly endeavor to do that and we feel good about our ability to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Andrew mentioned that mega broker survey, and in that survey in the Q&A they cited there's consumer and category insights that the food companies have is a reason why the food companies were more bullish about demand than the retailer customers were. In other words, you had a better level of understanding about where things have been more sticky and for good reason. What is your latest thinking about categories and brands that you think most benefited in a semi-permanent way from COVID and perhaps because of consumers embracing new habits? And I have a quick follow-up.
Jon Nudi: David, it's Jon Nudi. As we look at our business, we think our Meals & Baking businesses particularly benefited during the pandemic, and it's all that in the sales numbers. As we really dig into our consumer insights, consumers changed their habits. Obviously, baked a lot more. We believe that some of it will be sticky. It's more than just food. It's really bringing joy to the family and bringing the family together, which is terrific. And then Jeff mentioned a lot is learning to cook and that's something that's going to stick as well. So all of our research would say, certainly, we're not going to go stay at the elevated levels that we've seen in the pandemic. But consumers will eat at home more than prior to the pandemic and they'll use these new skills to use our products more than prior to the pandemic as well. So we're spending a lot of time. We've got a lot of new insights, really digital insights, really leveraging the first-party data that we have with Box Tops for Education, Pillsbury.com, bettycrocker.com, that's really giving us some rich views into the consumers’ day in their journey. And we think, again, via that data, there's going to be something that sticks in the future.
David Palmer: One category that I'm really confused by is cereal. It's an at-home category, but it's perhaps part that lives in that world of convenience that compressed morning daypart. In other words, cereal has really lost a lot of share of at-home breakfast during COVID, if that's a way to think about it. At-home breakfast getting the benefit of people being at home. But cereal not as being as much part of that. In other words, cereal is up 1% over the last two years, not really that impressive. How are you thinking about cereal going forward? Do you think it actually has a bit of a re-brand as people get back to convenience? Or is this sort of just the new normal, more of the existing normal? One of the few categories that really didn't get affected by COVID at all and it's just sort of low growth? Any thoughts there.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Absolutely, David. For sure, I think as consumers who are at home have more time to prepare breakfast. We saw things like eggs and pancakes grow more quickly than cereal. We do believe cereal will continue growing in the future. And again, as we look over that 2-year period, the category did grow. We grew even more aggressively than that. So again, we increased 60 basis points of share in fiscal '21, that's 31 consecutive months of share growth, 10 consecutive quarters, 4 consecutive years. And we believe that cereal is an important today, it will be important in the future. It's used, obviously, for breakfast. It's used for snacking throughout the day. We've got some great innovation coming this past -- this coming year. And at the same time, we know that our marketing continues to work, things like cereals and our cholesterol messaging, our kid fun messaging around Cinnamon Toast Crunch and Lucky Charms. We believe the category will continue to grow. We hope again it's probably not going to be high single-digits, but we think a little bit of growth in that category is in our future. And I think as things come back to normal, to your point, to more normal and consumers are back to school and back to the office, we'll see some of the convenience cereal provides -- providing a bit of a tail into the category.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy: I wanted to first just ask about your investments. So I know you've increased media spending and you've also spent to build critical capabilities. And I'm curious how you're thinking about investments as we look at fiscal '22. Essentially, I'm asking like are you expecting media spending to continue to increase at that double-digit CAGR that we've seen over the last 2 years? And then where -- or should we stay at the level that we're at? And then how much more investment and capabilities do you need from here and out?
Jeff Harmening: So let me take that one a little bit. And then, Kofi, if there's any background you want to give as well. On -- we're not going to give specific guidance on our media spending for next year. I would say when we talked at CAGNY Q4, we had talked about as we look into the future, we'd have media grow roughly in line with sales over time. And we'll see what happens this coming year. But that's what we said we would do over time. In terms of investments, we're really pleased with what we've seen out of our data and analytics capabilities. And Jon Nudi touched on Box Tops obviously a little while ago. We digitize that. In our opening remarks, we talked about some of the things we're doing in patio, you'll hear more -- a lot more about that this coming year. We've tied together an omnichannel approach in China with our shops in our retail, which is yielding some good insights, great results. We like what we're seeing there. And even on the cost side, as we look at our global sourcing efforts, we've tied data and analytics into that to help us with our costing and HMM. And so you can see -- you'll see us continue to invest in our data and analytics capabilities because we really like what we have seen so far. And some of that will be foundational and some of that will be on the analytics themselves to drive growth and other parts will be on analytics to help us to save money. But I think that will be a big area of investment as well our strategy and M&A area as we, again, look to further our Accelerate strategy.
Faiza Alwy: Okay. Great. And then just a second question on Blue Buffalo on the Pet segment generally. I know you talked about growth in that segment. I'm curious -- I mean it sounds like category growth is going to be strong. Are there any specific plans beyond the connected commerce initiatives that you talked about? Is there any innovation that we should look out for? And I know at CAGNY, you talked about potentially taking Blue Buffalo to international markets, so I wonder if there's any plans to do that this year?
Jeff Harmening: So first of all, we're really pleased with our Blue Buffalo performance, including the fourth quarter where our retail sales grew in the mid double -- mid-teens. And so even if it doesn't look like that on the P&L, you have to remember, we're lapping 4 months from last year and the stock up from the year before. And so we're really pleased with Blue Buffalo. We see strong growth ahead. That would be my opening comment. In terms of how we're going to grow, this digital capability will certainly be a big piece of that, but so with innovation. What we really like what we've seen on the Tasteful launch, and we're literally selling everything we can make from this new Tastefuls cat line and we’re under-indexed in cat, the margins in that segment are good, and we're highly confident Blue Buffalo can play a role in that. We've recently launched some innovation in the snacking and the bones launch, and we're excited about what that can be, in addition then to clearly bringing online this Tyson acquisition, which we hope to close shortly. And so we're going to grow Blue Buffalo organically, continue to do that. We're bullish about our opportunity to do that as well as effectively bring on this new part of the portfolio, this Tyson treat business where we’re under-index and Tyson has done a nice job with that business. But we think combining what we can do with our capabilities in pet with the business they already have, we think there's good growth in that as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: I know you've called out the uncertainty, and I think that's all very clear. But can you give a sense around elasticity, what kind of assumptions you're making for your planning process?
Kofi Bruce: Sure. So as we built our plans this year, we -- one of the benefits of our SRM capability as we actually have very detailed demand elasticity models. I would say that and also given not to the uncertainty of this environment and the fact that inflation in the market is broad spread, it's across industry, it's global. And so with those factors, all are potentially a setup for demand elasticity models that are by design that we're looking to be perhaps overcall the elasticity of pricing in this environment. So I'd make that note because this is an environment where that uncertainty becomes a relevant factor as we talk about demand elasticity.
Michael Lavery: And so does that net you out at greater elasticity than historical levels? Or do you expect it to be pretty consistent with what you've seen before? What's that kind of net out to?
Kofi Bruce: Yes. Well, our models are built on sort of historical expectations. I think what I'm also giving acknowledgment to is that the environment itself is reason for us to be cautious about being certain on the call, there will be demand elasticity. There's certainly an environment where I think demand elasticity models could be launched just because of the breadth of inflation in the market.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful. And just a follow-up on the C-store and Foodservice segment. You've called out how you expect the lift to volumes or sales from more demand or reopening. But can you touch on the impact for pricing and specifically pass-through pricing. How much of a factor do you expect that to be for the sales lift? And should we look the modeling an acceleration there specifically on the pricing side because of this pass-through costs?
Jeff Harmening: So Michael, I would say that what we see with our cost going up is very broad. I mean it's broad across geographies, it's broad across product segments, it's broad across channels. And so that would include what we see in C&F. So our cost for our products in our Convenience and Foodservice segment are going up as well, and so we would anticipate pricing in our Convenience and Foodservice segment because we see our costs going up. And so in this environment, there's obviously not only inflation improvement kind of everywhere. And so it's no different in C&F. And so we would anticipate prices going up. In fact, we've already increased prices in the Foodservice segment because our costs are going up. And so -- but what I will also say is that we're very confident in our convenience and foodservice business to return to growth this year as schools reopen and as people get out a little bit more, we're well positioned to capture growth that returning to that market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: I just had a couple of questions for you. When you gave your guidance for the year, like your constant currency EPS growth, I am just curious, it does not incorporate the acquisitions or divestitures. And I don't know if you have any kind of quick words on those. We've modeled, have estimated kind of 1% to 2% dilution for the yogurt business and then slight accretion for the pet treats business. Would that be in the realm of expectations? If you have any thoughts on that?
Kofi Bruce: So Chris, this is Kofi. So we don't have new information that would change the perspective we've already given. Obviously, we do expect the pet treats business to close shortly. And obviously, until that point, we can't get too much more specific, but it is probably important to give some parameters around what slightly accretive means. I think it's important to note, we will see a portion of earnings contributions for the year. We will also see some of the purchase accounting related amortization, including inventory step-up. And those factors will lead us to expectations probably in the range of $0.01 to $0.02 accretive for the year on the pet treats business.
Chris Growe: Any comments -- no changes there on your expectations for yogurt when that closes, correct?
Kofi Bruce: No. And that sets further out, and we'll give more color as we get closer.
Chris Growe: Okay. I had just one other question, if I could, on the international segments. Asia, Latin America hit about a 5% operating margin for the year. Europe, Australia, about 7.5%. Are these sustainable margins? Could they grow from here? There's obviously some pretty significant moves as we move through the year in terms of improvements in profitability. I just want to get a sense how much of that was the benefit of COVID in some cases and the pandemic? And how much of it is potential to kind of stick, if you will, based on changes you're making in those businesses?
Kofi Bruce: Chris, that's a great question. I think we've been very pleased with the progress we've made in margins on both of those businesses in this environment. Obviously, some of that is related to the leverage benefits of operating in elevated demand. But we've also been making and continue to make business model changes in both businesses that are driving margin improvements. And actually, we'll continue to make them even contemplated as part of the restructuring actions that we've already announced. So I would expect that we would hold on to the portion of these margin gains and continue to drive margin improvement and get to a much more competitive place on both of these businesses.
Jeff Siemon: I think we have time for one more question, Frank.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow: I have 2 questions. One is, you guys have been really early on the data analytics side. What are the specific new capabilities that you need? I mean just a little surprised that you're not there, I guess, is kind of what I think. You guys were very, very early on that. So what is the new learnings that you are looking to explore and do more with? And what will be the returns on that? And then I have a second question.
Jeff Harmening: So we've been working on our data and analytics capability for a couple of years now. I would note that the first thing we had to do is build a foundation. And I won't get into the details of that in this answer, but we had to build a foundation. And then now we're building on top of that with some specific capabilities around growth capabilities like strategic revenue management, growth capabilities like addressing consumers through things like Box Tops for Education and what we're doing in the pet personalization space as well as what we're doing in omnichannel in China. And then the on the cost side, what we're doing with procurement, but there's a lot more -- there are a lot more things that we can do using data and analytics to drive our business. So we'll continue to invest in order to drive those parts of the business. So it may seem like a lot, but we had to build a foundation first, which is the right way to do it. And now we're building on top of that with specific capabilities.
Ken Zaslow: Great. My second question is, you put out the 3-year growth that you had, 2% sales, 2% operating income and 5% EPS. When you think about the next 3 years beyond that, does that seem like the right mix? Or do you think the changes that you're having should accelerate that by a certain amount of basis points? And how do you think about the next 3 years? And again, not next year, but just thinking about it in the 3-year clip, I think that's a good way of thinking about it and how you're positioning it. So I was just curious to see how you think about relative to the last 3 years? And I'll leave it there, and I appreciate it.
Jeff Harmening: Again, I'm going to try to take you through this year. On the -- what I would say, though, on the -- look, I do respect the question. As we look ahead, our goal is to get back to sustainable growth and to get to 2% to 3% growth. And I mean, I'll probably restate something I've said already, that requires us to do 2 things. One is compete effectively. And I think we've said over the past couple of years, we've really improved our game there to compete. We're competing effectively pretty much everywhere around the world. So we'll continue to need to do that to get to 2% to 3% growth. And we'll continue to have to reshape our portfolio. And you see that through to the divestiture of Yoplait and at least the proposed divestiture of Yoplait in Europe, and you see that with the upcoming acquisition of [Pluto]. And so we'll look to continue to reshape our portfolio as well as compete effectively to get to that 2% to 3% growth rate. And so that will be our plan after this year. And we have got a group that's focused on that, and we've got another group that's focused on making sure we can deliver what we said we're going to do this coming 12 months.
Ken Zaslow: Great. And do you think that all these things that you're putting in place seems like it should fuel this growth. But I appreciate the answer, and I look forward to seeing what you guys can do.
Jeff Siemon: Okay. I think that gets to the end of our time this morning. So thank you, everyone, for your time and attention and appreciate the good questions. Please reach out over the course of the day if you have any follow-ups. And we look forward to talking to you again soon. Bye, bye.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-03-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Fiscal 2021 Q3 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, March 24, 2021. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Jennifer and good morning to everyone. On behalf of my colleagues at General Mills thanks for joining us. We are looking forward to have our live Q&A session on our third quarter results. I hope everyone had a chance to review our press release, listen to our prepared remarks and view our presentation materials, which are made available this morning on our Investor Relations site. Also refer to the press release we issued yesterday announcing our proposed sale of our European Yoplait operations to Sodiaal. I will just note that in regard to that transaction, we have a memorandum of understanding and that is still subject to appropriate labor consultations, regulatory filings and other customary closing conditions and we expect to close that proposed transaction by the end of the calendar year. Furthermore, it’s important to note that in our Q&A session today, we may make forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions, including facts and assumptions related to the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results in fiscal ‘21. Please refer to this morning’s press release for factors that could impact our forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of non-GAAP information, which maybe discussed on today’s call. I am here virtually with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; Kofi Bruce, our CFO; Bethany Quam, Group President for our Pet segment; and Jon Nudi, Group President for North America Retail. We are holding this call from different locations. So hopefully, technology cooperates and everything goes smoothly. And with that, we can get into the first question. Jennifer, you can get us started.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for the question.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Great. I think I would like to stick with the 2-year growth CAGR methodology that you kind of laid out and discussed in the prepared remarks. Thinking about it that way would imply fiscal 4Q organic sales growth that would look to be roughly in line with what you reported in fiscal 3Q, again on a 2-year basis. And I realize some of this is likely a bit of a shift of inventory refill from -- that you expected in 3Q into 4Q, but it would seem to suggest you believe sales growth – the sales growth deceleration as reopening occurs is likely to be maybe slower than many currently expect. So, I am just trying to get a sense of if that’s a fair characterization of your thinking at this juncture. And if it is, sort of what’s informing that viewpoint? Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. This is Jeff Harmening. You do have that exactly right. I mean, as we look at the third quarter of this year, demand was high all over the world, including the U.S. fueled by clearly the pandemic as well as stimulus spending, and in addition to that some weather-related events. As we look at Q4, we really believe that our sales both in terms of pounds and pricing is going to be higher than it was pre-pandemic, and we are seeing that in the first couple of weeks of the month and we are confident the consumer behaviors aren’t changing as quickly as some would think. And what fuels that Andrew, is really, as you look at the last year, if you look at 2020, our foodservice business in general, in the U.S., the industry declined about 25%. And of that, about 25% was quick-service restaurants, schools, and healthcare, and we have seen quick-service restaurants bounce back and school are gradually getting online as is healthcare. So a lot of bounce back relatively quickly. Another 25% of that decline was related to casual dining, and that’s going to take longer to come back. And then finally, about half of the decline we have seen over the last year in away-from-home eating is really driven by travel, leisure, business, and industry think canteens at places of work. And clearly, that’s going to take a longer term to come back if it ever does at all, because we are not going to work the same way. We are going to be working at home a little more than we were before. People want flexible schedules. While consumers may be making vacation plans now more than they have, business people are not going to be traveling as much because technology has caught up, and we realized we can do a lot of things remotely. And so, we have what fuels our belief in the fourth quarter and we are confident there is not only inventory buildup, but the move will be better than what some expected based on what we have seen over the past year and kind of what we see in the first few weeks of this month, this quarter.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks very much. I will leave it there.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. Two for me. First, how should we think about your appetite for being aggressive on share repo? Just looking back prior to the Buff deal there were some years the company spent upwards of $1.7 billion on buybacks. So, should we think this level is at least within the realm of possibilities or do you want to keep a little more dry powder around? That’s my first one.
Kofi Bruce: Sure, Ken. This is Kofi. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Look, I think we are absolutely in a position where we ended the quarter with a really strong balance sheet. Our leverage ratio at 2.8x net debt-to-EBITDA, which means we have continued to make great progress against our capital goals. I expect we will restore our full capacity to use all of our levers of cash return. And I think with the signal that I think was important is that we have already started. So, while I can’t commit to anything beyond what we have done, we continue to have the flexibility to act and use the balance sheet to the extent that the full extent of our capital allocation policy. And I think as a reminder, share repurchase is the last of those, so that is where we would look to manage leverage and steer any excess free cash flow.
Ken Goldman: Thank you for that. And then Bethany, within broader pet food, the refrigerated [indiscernible], it’s small, but it’s growing quickly, not really showing a lot of signs of slowing down except for some supply chain issues. Has Blue Buffalo’s appetite to break into this subcategory changed at all or is it still sort of a wait and see attitude? It is not necessarily what you have said, but some of your predecessors may have kind of implied in talking about it?
Bethany Quam: Well, hi, thanks for the question. What we really have seen is that pet parents throughout this pandemic have really wanted to continue to offer their pets different forms. So, you are talking about different forms here. So, we have seen mixing between kibble and then wet food from cans to our wet business performing incredibly well as well as fresh. It’s still a very small part of the category, but the trend is pet parents continuing to mix different kinds of food. So, we will continue to look at all those different areas and continue to take the Blue Buffalo master brand where we think pet parents want to see it.
Ken Goldman: Very good.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe: I just had a question for you on – to start first with the cost inflation and to better understand the kind of the moving pieces in the gross margin that gets very clear about the inflation, and there was some cost to secure incremental capacity. So, just to understand a couple of simple things, was weather a factor at all in the gross margin for you this quarter? And then I also just want to understand like the rate of inflation and then how fourth quarter inflation might look in relation to the third quarter?
Kofi Bruce: Sure. Chris, I will be happy to address your question. Thanks for asking. So, as you think about the other factors certainly, as you – as we flagged, there are higher costs to operate in this higher demand environment, and I will tell you that part of the cost in our logistics network costs have gone up in relation to responding to the high demand environment. Specifically, as we are operating in an environment where we need to open new lanes of freight to reach our external supply capacity, but also to reposition within the network, which is where we have seen some incremental costs as related to the weather in the quarter. And as we get to Q4, while we are not giving guidance on Q4 inflation, I think it’s important to note for the full year, we are still expecting about 3% inflation. And the way I would characterize it is our expectation at the beginning of the year were 3% and we are rounding up to about 3%, and we are in a position now where we will be rounding down to about 3% inflation, and I think the critical thing for us is we are taking the opportunity to act with all of our SRM and our HMM levers to set ourselves up to – in anticipation of higher inflation as we step into F ‘22.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for that. And then I had a separate question, if I could on pet, so perhaps for Bethany. But just in relation to -- you had some incremental promotional costs around Tastefuls, the launch of that. Does that continue? Do you see a step-up sort of increase in promotional spending for that business? And then that’s also a division where there has been higher costs? Is that one where we could see some pricing coming through? Has that come through at all in the industry, not looking for forward commentary there, but have you seen that yet in the industry?
Bethany Quam: Well, starting with the support, we are launching a new business, and so you have cost to do that. And so, we see ourselves spending at a rate that’s right for the category. And again, we can work within the entire portfolio. So, those are launch costs that we are talking right now. In terms of premiumization, that is absolutely continuing in every part of the category. So, the premium cost per pound on wet cat food, definitely higher than what you see in dry, but every part of the category continued to see premiumization on a cost per pound basis.
Jeff Siemon: Chris, this is Jeff Siemon. I would just add to the original question about costs in the quarter, I would just note that on a year-to-date basis, the pet segment is at about a little over 24% margin versus 22.5% last year. So, while the quarter was – maybe there was a little bit of incremental cost, we still feel very good about where we are year-to-date for that business from a margin and a growth standpoint.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for that and I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: Just following up on the Pet segment, you have had some accelerating volume growth over the course of the year. Can you give a sense of how much of that is driven from pipeline fill behind new launches versus just kind of a more run-rate type momentum?
Bethany Quam: Yes, thanks for the question. So, we have continued to see the movement of the business accelerate. And so in Q2, we had talked a little bit about movement when we had reported 18% sales being a little bit ahead of our inventory, but our movement accelerated as we went into Q3. And so, we feel pretty good about the levels of inventory at this point.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. And then just following up on the inflation question looking ahead a little bit, can you give a sense of how much you are positioning yourself for ‘22 and just trying to get a sense of how much you think the current kind of run in prices might be sticky versus waiting to take some positions if it may come back? What’s your thinking on that at a high level?
Kofi Bruce: Well, certainly, at a high level, we are preparing for higher inflation, and I don’t want to get too far ahead. We will come back and talk to you in Q4 about F ‘22 inflation expectations, but I will just reiterate we are taking actions on the basis of that preparation specifically around our HMM and our strategic revenue management plans and using all of the levers of strategic revenue management.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Kofi Bruce: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, Kofi and Jeff. I think I am going to get the same answer as Michael just got. But inflation is accelerating higher than you thought and I know you have multiple levers to offset it. But within SRM, I think list price increases are one of those levers. So, is it fair to say that, that will have to be utilized more than originally contemplated? And look, a lot of retailers are talking about inflation right now a lot of your competitors are talking about inflation. Is it fair to say that there is more willingness to pass that through? I know it’s never easy, but it’s not just you who is facing the inflation?
Jeff Harmening: This is Jeff. Let me take that question, because if you get the same answer, then at least you get it from a different person.
Robert Moskow: If you would, please, yes.
Jeff Harmening: So I would start by saying that inflation is very broad-based and it’s actually global. So we are seeing it across the globe we are seeing inflation and it’s broad-based across commodities, across logistics, across things like aluminum and steel. And so whenever you see this kind of broad-based inflation and it’s global, that’s an environment where you are going to realize net pricing. And we certainly go to HMM first, but in this kind of environment, just like a few years ago, when we saw the same thing, our retailers are seeing it, our competitors are seeing it, we are seeing it and so we will realize pricing. We will also, just we will use all of the tools and that includes list pricing, but it’s list pricing, it is price pack architecture, it’s how we manage trade and then finally, price and mix. We will need to use all those levers. And when it comes to pricing, you go from the macro to the micro pretty fast and so the levers we pull certainly depend on category and they certainly depend on geography. And so, I want you to know we would use all those – we would use all the levers at our disposal and we will begin that process here in the fourth quarter.
Kofi Bruce: Yes. And let me just add for additional context, a reminder that our first lever is holistic margin management, right. So, our cost of goods sold productivity, which has been averaging about 4% annually. So we are not relying just on SRM to address the issue, the first four points or so, we would expect to get through gross margin productivity.
Robert Moskow: Okay. I will leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. Thank you for taking.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Jason English: I guess I was going to keep coming back at sort of the same point of question and that’s just really just trying to understand the margins here. Kofi, I think clearly, great margins this quarter and I think your guide for profit or margins actually be below fiscal ‘19 levels in the fourth quarter, so below pre-COVID. And I am trying to wrap my head around it, you are talking about HMM savings exceeding inflation. So, for the year, you are actually net deflation on those still? You have got phenomenal volume leverage, huge pricing rolling through the best pricing in years. What is the other offset? You have stacked those up right there and I would expect meaningful margin expansion for the year, not profit actually falling below pre-COVID. What are the other offsets? Can you help us quantify them? And which of those offsets maybe transitory and related to COVID, with costs falling out as we look over the next say 12, 24 months?
Kofi Bruce: Sure. Sure. So, let me speak to some of the key drivers here. Foundationally, after those, you need to look at the higher operating costs in this environment related to us securing additional capacity from external supply chain. And with that, the logistics cost associated with operating in that environment puts us in a position where we are securing more lanes for freight to support that external capacity at higher spot market rates, which we would note that we are seeing about mid single-digit inflation in freight in this environment. So as we are exposed to the spot markets on those external supply chain lanes, the cost of delivering to customers and distribution centers is higher. So, those two factors, I would expect to be largely linked to the demand environment and as supply and demand come more into balance as our inventory levels in the system come more into balance, I would expect those costs to abate. And obviously, we are lapping a tremendously strong Q4 where a fair amount of leverage was driven just in part because of the inventory in the system that both us and the retailers used to drawdown to service the demand.
Jason English: That’s really helpful. Is there any way to quantify some of those things like these transitory logistics costs that can fall away? Just so as we look to attack our model, we have got sort of the right puts and takes that we are contemplating?
Kofi Bruce: Yes. I don’t want to get too specific on Q4, but I think it’s fair to say that – as you think about the offsets to some of the key drivers and specifically leverage, those are more than sufficient to offset some of the leverage benefits we expected to see this year.
Jason English: Okay, thank you.
Kofi Bruce: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Faiza Alwy: Yes. Hi, good morning. So I guess I wanted to follow-up on Andrew’s question, and that was what I wanted to see if you could talk about how you think consumption patterns will trend from here. And within that, specifically, how you think about the snack bar category, which is one of your global platforms. But Jeff, you talked about how you don’t expect consumer habits to change. So I’m curious how you’re thinking about the recovery in that category. The overall category is fragmented. And there are many different segments. So just wondering if you could share your aspirations around how you would like to play in the overall category.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So let me make – thanks for the question. Let me make a clarifying point. What we see happening is that demand will be higher in the near future than it was pre pandemic. Certainly, as people return to eating out and people return to schools, we’ll see a reversion of some of that volume back to where it was before, just not all the way back. So I would envision an environment where demand is not as high as it is today in at-home meeting, but it’s higher than it was pre pandemic. And I think some investors and some analysts feel as if volume is just going to snap back to the way it was before the pandemic. And what we’ve seen outside the U.S., what we’re currently seeing in our current channel will lead us to believe that any return to normal will be more elongated, and that return to norm will eventually be different. So as we see that, the same would hold true of our bars category, and I’ll give a little high level commentary, and then Jon Nudi may want to weigh in. In bars because it really is energy on-the-go, the fact that the category has been down recently, is because people have not been on-the-go as much. As people start to get out a little bit more, we’ve seen the category improve a little bit. In fact, I’m really pleased with our progress in terms of share. We’re competing effectively all over the world in the bars category that would be the U.S. as well as Europe as well as Australia. And so we’re starting to see that category return a little bit, and we’ve been competing quite effectively in it. Jon, do you have any other – anything you want to add to that?
Jon Nudi: I mean you really hit it, Jeff, on on-the-go nature of the categories. I mean, a tough time with the grain snacks is down high single digits year-to-date. Performance bars is down double digits. So again, that’s been the toughest to point. As Jeff mentioned, we’ve been really focused. In fact, one of the things I’m proud of is that we’re actually growing share total bars. As many of you remember, we’ve been struggling with this category in the last few years. And our turnarounds are really gone by Nature Valley base brands. We’ve got some really strong marketing out there, some great news around recyclable wrapper that just rolled out as well as the number one launch in the category, which is packed this past year. So we feel good about how we’re performing. And as Jeff mentioned, we get back to a more normal time the categories will bounce back to growth.
Faiza Alwy: Great. And then just I wanted to also take advantage of Bethany being on the call. And Bethany, I was hoping you could give us a little bit more color on the treat side of the business. Early on, there was a view that as Blue Buffalo moves into FDM that is the channel where treats are more prevalent. And I think it’s been a bit disappointing relative to everything else that Blue has done. So, I am curious if you have any thoughts on the long-term potential of the treats business and whether there is sort of more innovation, more marketing? Any more work you can do or that you think needs to be done around that side of the business?
Bethany Quam: Yes. Thanks. You’re absolutely correct, right, as you get exposed into the food drug mass channel, there is more treats that are sold in that channel. Blue Buffalo definitely resonates with pet parents in terms of treating. You’ll see here in the fourth quarter, we are launching a new innovation behind bones. And so that is the opportunity for pet parents to clean – to feed a bone alternative, crunchy biscuit that meets the true Blue promise. And so we are continuing to do well in the treats category, but we know we can do better. And so we have both innovation launching as well as we’re doing some price pack architect work as well. And so we’re able to merchandise. If you look at the Pet category, the treat segment is obviously more responsive to merchandising than your food segment. And so if you look in our remarks today, we have a picture of how the whole portfolio will show up now. And so when we merchandise, retailers are able to offer the new bone, our sticks, our sizzlers, and we really cover all different treat types. So we are continuing to press merchandise. We also are starting to do some different types of marketing behind tradable moments. And so we are pushing on all areas to continue to drive that business. It’s a huge category. We’ve got growth. We would like to have a higher share of it.
Faiza Alwy: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Nik Modi: Good morning everyone.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning, Nik.
Nik Modi: So I just wanted to ask about new items. My understanding is General Mills is going to be pretty active in this area in 2021. And just within a construct in the backdrop of a SKU rationalization happening at retail, I just wanted to kind of understand how that kind of – is going to work as you look to really get all these new products onto the shelf? And then I just have a quick follow-up.
Jeff Siemon: Jon, do you want to take that?
Jon Nudi: Yes, sure. So obviously, there is some SKU rationalization going on really driven by click-and-collect and retail is really optimizing the shelf space. At the same time, consumers are always looking for new products and new innovation. And I’ll tell you, retailers are very engaged by that as well. So in fiscal ‘21, our new products performed quite well. In cereal, we’ve got 3 of the top 3 launches in the category. In, we’ve got 3 of the top 4 launches and we’ve got a great track record. And that track record really helps us sell in new products. So the bar is higher. We’ve got to have good items. We’ve got to perform. And we really have a track record of doing that, which will help us as we place new items in the coming year. The other thing it actually looking at is our share distribution is up overall and in our key categories as well. And again, new products really help us with that. So that’s how we’re going to approach it. We are really excited about the plans we have coming for fiscal ‘22 as well, which we’ll share as we get closer to the new year.
Nik Modi: And Jon, just as we think about SKU rationalization and how retailers prioritize which brands to have on the shelf, I mean, would you expect additional space kind of over the next 12 months as a result of some of those changes?
Jon Nudi: Well, I think I mean, obviously, the highest turning SKUs, getting those shelf space right now as they really are using the shelf for bricks-and-mortar shopping as well as their click-and-collect operations. So our top SKUs continue to grow shelf space and that’s a really good thing for us. And then from an innovation standpoint, again, I think that retailers are looking for a track record of success. So as we have proven that we can do that, I think if we are looking to our items first, I think in some cases, the smaller companies that are coming in where a few years ago, retailers were jumping all over those items. It’s a tough environment for them right now. So I do believe for manufacturers that have big brands that turn well, it’s a good time with shelf. And I think new products are really all how excited you can get retailer sees about these items and building a track record to deliver. And we’ve been able to do that more recently.
Nik Modi: Excellent. Thank you. I will pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning and thanks. I’d love to – given a clearly – you touched on this a little bit before, but given the clear rise in visible costs here, I’m a little surprised there is not more dedicated effort to raise pricing. Is this something that’s like just tactical inside your organization, just going to let it right here or is this a response to discounting and private label growth or fear about that in the marketplace? Because you would look at your input cost and everything that’s in the headlines and this would – that feels like a 2006-type environment and yet we are not seeing that at least yet, on the pricing front?
Jeff Harmening: Jon – go ahead. Go ahead, Kofi.
Kofi Bruce: No. Hey, Jon, I think just to answer your question, we certainly are responding right now on the expectation that inflation is going to be higher. As Jeff referenced earlier, we’re seeing it broad-based. We’re seeing it global and we are frankly in all of our businesses, working hard at using the SRM levers. So I think you will see us acting. And in fact, in some of our businesses, we already have actions in market on the SRM front. So I would just sort of respectfully note that we’re moving right now.
Jonathan Feeney: Okay. I recognize it’s a sensitive topic. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Laurent Grandet: Hey, good morning everyone.
Jeff Harmening: Hi, Laurent.
Laurent Grandet: Hey, I’d like to come back on the Pet segment. I’d like to understand better the dynamics in price/mix as it was negative in the quarter. Third quarter, you launched in premium weight and treats, but also where – I mean, in your [indiscernible] you said, I mean you grew in the pet specialty and for the first time, which probably asked for a premium price. So I’d like to understand better what was driving this negative price/mix in the quarter and how we should think about price/mix in that segment going forward? Thank you.
Bethany Quam: Again, thanks for the question. So for the 9 months into the year, right, our sales are up 13% and our profit is up 22%. So we feel really good about how we’re able to drive the business in the quarter, right? Our mix can vary depending on channel. And so as we continue to build out, this is a really young business in some channels. And so we’re building out. We didn’t have a variance from the channel mix, but also the product mix. And so we invested behind the different parts of the business. I feel good about the long-term price/mix, again, what’s driving the pet category is premiumization. Blue Buffalo is solely in that part. And we will continue to ensure that we have the right price/mix, and it can vary by quarter, by channel, by product mix.
Jeff Siemon: Laurent, this is Jeff Siemon. I’d just add that, as a reminder to everyone, especially in the first half of the year, we were comparing against the first half last year where we were still expanding our Wilderness line more broadly into food, drug and mass and so that – it’s a very high price/mix business. And so that comparison was probably a headwind through the first half, maybe a little bit into the back half. As we go forward, we’ve now fully comped all that expansion. And as Bethany said, a lot of the innovation and news you’re seeing is in the wet and the treat segments, which are certainly mix positive. So we feel good about where we go from here.
Laurent Grandet: Thanks. My second question, I mean, a completely different topic. It’s about your play in Canada. Not much visibility on the business there. Could you maybe give us some color as to, should we think about the same type of profitability in Canada that you got in the U.S. and also in terms of growth, is it growing faster? I like to have a bit more color on your play in Canada, please? Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: We have a good market pension in Canada. Why don’t I have Jon Nudi provide some of the commentary on that business?
Jon Nudi: Yes, Laurent, we really like our business in Canada. Yogurt business, it’s about third of our total business in Canada. And actually, the bigger business for us is Liberté. So it’s about 60% of our total yogurt business in Canada versus 40% for Yoplait. And one of the things we love is Liberté takes a leading greek yogurt in Canada. So while we – a few years back into so well that trend in the U.S., we did very well in Canada and as a result of a strong market share and position in the market. So we’ll exposure to more as we move forward, and we’ll probably highlight some of the new products and other things that we have coming, but we really like our business is performing well in Canada as to speak.
Laurent Grandet: Thank you. I will pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
David Palmer: Thanks. As you know, in the U.S., there are some markets that are reopening faster than others, Texas and Florida. I’m wondering, as you look at some of those micro examples, what sort of 2-year trends are you seeing? And maybe even within that, some insights that you’re garnering about the reopen and the impact on our individual categories, retail pet and within retail, and I have a follow-up.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So David, let me – this is Jeff. Let me provide a little background on the last year, and I’ll take you a little bit of what we’re seeing in the last month or so. But as we look at the past year, we’ve really seen the at-home trends across our markets. And some have been relatively more open than others, as you know. We’ve seen at-home trends have accelerated across those markets, even the markets that are more open. And they may be a couple of points less growth at-home than those that have been relatively more closed, but we’re seeing pretty consistent performance across markets over the past year, whether it’s at-home or away-from-home consumption. The – there has been a lot of talk on reopening the last month, but the data gets really challenging because – especially because of the weather situation. So for example, Texas has opened up its away-from-home eating, but they had a huge winter snowstorm over the last month, which elevated demand quite a bit and so trying to pick part and pieces. And the variables over the recent short-term, but it’s really difficult to do. And I don’t say that to try to hide anything. But if you look at it, you would see that at-home consumption in Texas would be up, which would be counterintuitive, but that’s because of this huge storm. And so I think we’ll know a lot more at the end of this quarter once we’ve seen more. So right now, what I can tell you is over the long-term, over the last year, we have seen elevated demand across markets. Over the shorter term, there are so many variables to play. It really is hard to pick them apart.
David Palmer: I sympathize with that. It feels like we’re going to be looking week-by-week from now on. But when we look at this last year, the fiscal ‘21, and we look backward, what are some COVID-related costs, both direct and indirect? And for example, you cited the supply chain demand and the elevated trucking costs and that just basically freight and logistics being under such pressure that it’s essentially an indirect COVID-related cost, but is there – could you maybe sum that up in terms of gross margin headwinds that you will be lapping in fiscal 22? And I’ll pass it on.
Kofi Bruce: Yes, sure. And I’ll add to that list, some of the other COVID-related costs, such as some of the policy – leave policy dispensation we’ve given to our employees. Obviously, some of the security protocols and adjustments we’ve made in the early days. And I expect a good portion of those costs as we work into a more normal environment to sort of get back in line with normal trends. So I wouldn’t build off of a base of this cost on a full go-forward basis as you think about F ‘22 and demand potentially for at home consumption being lower than this year, but even still elevated above pre-COVID levels. I’m not going to quantify at this point, but we’ll talk more about that as we work our way into F ‘22.
David Palmer: Okay, thanks.
Jeff Siemon: Jennifer, I think that’s all the time we have. So I think we’ll go ahead and close up now. Thanks, everyone, for taking the time out and the interest. If there are follow-up questions, please reach out over the course of the next couple of days. And we hope everybody is staying safe and healthy, and we’ll talk you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you kindly disconnect your lines. Have a good day, everyone.

===== 2021 Q2  (2020-12-17 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the General Mills Quarter Two Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded on Thursday, December 17, 2020. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Frank, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for our question-and-answer session on our second quarter results. I hope everyone had time to review our press release, listen to the prepared remarks, and view our presentation materials, which were made available this morning on our Investor Relations website. It's important to note that in our Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions, including facts and assumptions related to the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results in fiscal 2021. Please refer to this morning's press release for factors that could impact forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of non-GAAP information, which may be discussed on today's call. I'm here virtually with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; Kofi Bruce, our CFO; and Jon Nudi, Group President of our North America Retail segment. We are in different locations, so we will make sure that technology works well for us and everything goes smoothly. And with that, let's go ahead and get to the first question. Frank, you can get us started.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. Two for me if I can. First, quickly, the trade load of pet food, was this the catch-up from under-shipments in prior quarters? Or was this in advance of what could be -- maybe an under-shipment next quarter or maybe just heightened demand? I'm just trying to get a sense of what this means for your third quarter since you didn't call it out as a headwind?
Jeff Harmening: So, thanks, Ken. So, first, I'd start with saying, we had a tremendous quarter in pet food in general and a really good first-half of the year. And I think we've proven that despite the fact that we've lapped our food, drug, and mass expansion that we can continue to grow this brand. As it relates to the topic of how we shipped relative to demand, I would say, in the first quarter of this year, we shipped behind demand. Recall our growth -- our reported growth was 6%, even though our movement was probably in high single-digits. They're a little bit of the reverse in the second quarter, where our reported net sales growth was 18%, but our movement was probably in the double-digit range. How I think about it for the first-half of the year then, our reported net sales are up about 13%. Our movement is probably up about 10%, I would say, maybe 11%, but probably about 10% or 11%. So, we have shipped a little bit ahead of movement as it pertains to this year. I would still expect us to have a strong quarter in the third quarter. Our movements remain strong. We'll see what the reported net sales impact is. But I would expect our shipments to be strong and our movement to continue to be strong because what we're seeing in the category right now is mid-single-digit growth, really led by premiumization. And because Blue Buffalo is the best brand in that and the biggest brand in that segment, we're performing well.
Ken Goldman: Thanks. And then my follow-up, you're guiding to a flat EBIT margin year-on-year in the third quarter. But in 3Q 2020, you did have a pretty big hit from COVID in China. I think you said at the time that Häagen-Dazs China alone was 150 basis point headwind to your total operating profit margin in the quarter. Correct me if I'm wrong on that? And you had organic sales growth that quarter of 0%, which was pretty low for you guys. So, there was no fixed cost leverage. You turn around a year later, China is doing great. You have all this fixed cost leverage from another 7% organic growth quarter coming. Why shouldn't we be modeling an EBIT margin, maybe a little bit higher than that 16.2-ish percent number you did a year ago at this time?
Jeff Harmening: Sure.
Kofi Bruce: Ken…
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Go ahead, Kofi.
Kofi Bruce: Go ahead. Sorry. Sorry, Ken. Kofi here. Thanks for the question. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, one of the things we're flagging is an expectation that we will see some of the external supply chain costs shift into Q3, which will be an offset to some of the expected leverage benefit we would expect to see with the volume that we're guiding to for the quarter.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Kofi Bruce: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Jeff, in your prepared remarks, you called out – and I think you did last quarter, too, but you called out some interesting results in China, where traffic in the company's retail shops is coming back towards normal levels. But sales of at-home consumption items like Wanchai Ferry still remain quite elevated. So, of course, every market is not like-for-like. But do you see the dynamic in markets like China and others, maybe Australia, that are well ahead of where we are in sort of getting the virus under control as reasonable indicators or corollaries for some of what perhaps gives you a little more comfort on why there's conviction in some of the at-home items staying elevated even as things kind of normalize here in the U.S.? I'm trying to get a sense of what takeaways you can conclude from some of those markets as it relates to the U.S.?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Andrew, it's a very good question and also a good memory from what we talked about in Q1. I mean, we – I put these in my prepared remarks, because there's a lot of speculation among us as CPG people on food, as well as investors and analysts about what's going to happen post-pandemic. And we're all looking forward to that day. But there are very few data points on what is actually happening, when governments aren't locking down restaurants and bars and things like that. And so one of the things we can – there are a couple of data points we can point to that don't guarantee what's going to happen afterwards, but at least there are data points of what's actually happened rather than speculation on what might happen. And one of those places is China, where restrictions have been lifted five or six months ago, and we're still seeing slight declines in our foodservice business. While our Wanchai Ferry dumplings business, which is a frozen business at-home, remains up double digits. And while it's not up as high as it was at the beginning of the pandemic, it's still up double digits and significantly above where it was pre-pandemic. And we think that's important, because at the very minimum, what it points to is the consumer eating habits, while they may change from where they are now once we have a vaccine and once we're post-pandemic, doesn't necessarily mean they're going to go all the way back to where they were before, or at a minimum not going to go back as fast. We're seeing a little bit of the same thing in Australia, where our current movement in Australia is not what it was at the beginning of the pandemic when they were on a lockdown. But we have seen growth in our business in Australia, even in the last few months as the restrictions have been eased. And so, we point these things out and I point these things out, because while there's a lot of speculation about what might happen, there are at least a couple of places where we're watching what is happening. And that would point to continued levels of pretty high demand even once we're – we have a vaccine and once the lockdown and restrictions have been lifted.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. Great. Thanks for that. And then just quickly, you discussed not yet having had the opportunity to kind of fully replenish retail inventories in a lot of areas as consumptions remain pretty elevated. Would you anticipate more of that retail inventory refill to be able to happen in fiscal second-half, such that sales maybe broadly, call it, in North America Retail, could be ahead of in-market consumption? Or are we still at a place where significant refill of inventories at retail is just tough given where consumption levels remain? Thanks so much.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Andrew, let me start by -- let me start with this question. I'm going to pass it to Jon Nudi for specifics on North America Retail. I would say, in general, for this quarter, as I look at our whole enterprise, we really haven't built inventories in the second quarter. But it really does depend on the segment. So, for example, we talked a little bit about Pet, where we did ship ahead of demand and rebuild pipeline. In the consumer convenience and foodservice is the opposite, where because of school closings and all the rest, we -- certain distributors aren't carrying as much inventory. And we probably are a little bit -- our RNS is behind demand for the quarter. And in North America Retail, because our movement was about 9% and our shipments were about 9%, we saw very little movement. But maybe it'd be helpful for Jon Nudi to kind of weigh in on maybe what we saw in Q4 last year and Q1 and 2 and then kind of what the implications are for the rest of the year.
Andrew Lazar: Great.
Jon Nudi: Yes. Thanks, Jeff, and hi, Andrew. In terms of North America Retail, we did ship in Q4 of fiscal 2020 about 9 points -- shipments lagged consumption by about 9 points. As we move through the first-half of fiscal 2021, we were able to replenish about 4 points of that gap. So there's still about 5 points to make up. And we do believe by the end of the fiscal year, we'll get there. The majority of our categories were actually in pretty good shape from a capacity standpoint and a service standpoint. But we have a few that we're still -- have some significant issues with, things like soup and dessert mixes, auto pasi taco shells. We do believe we'll get better through Q3. And by the end of Q4, I think we'll be back to where we want to be from an inventory standpoint.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks everybody.
Jon Nudi: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim. Please proceed.
Laurent Grandet: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Jon Nudi: Good morning.
Laurent Grandet: Yes. Good morning. I do have some questions on pet food. So wet pet food was plus 25% in the quarter; treats, up plus 40%. With the addition of pet food and wet cat food, I mean, what to expect, I mean, for wet pet food, I mean, this coming calendar year? And also, I think you said in the past that you would be launching new treats at the beginning of the calendar year. Could you please update us on this initiative, please? Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: So Laurent, as I think about our pet food business, I mean, one of the things I'm most pleased with is that we're growing across our different segments. So if you look at it by product type, if you look at dog food, whether it's wet dog food or dry dog food or dog treats, we're growing in all those segments. If you look at cat food, whether it's dry or wet or treats, we're growing in all those segments. Then if we look across channels, we're actually growing across all the channels we participate in. We're growing in the food, drug and mass channel. We're growing in -- we actually returned to slight growth in specialty. And we're actually growing quite a bit in e-commerce. And so I think that speaks to the underlying health of our pet food business when we can grow in all the different segments, whether there's consumer segments or whether it's in the channels we compete in. When it comes to how we're going to grow forward, I mean, certainly, the premiumization of pet food and the humanization of pet food is a trend we see coming. We're really excited about this tasteful launch. And it's a – pet, cat, wet food is a $5 billion segment. And we probably have about a 2 or 2.5 share of that segment, whereas, our dog dry is 10 shares. So we have a lot of ground to makeup. And what we're introducing in the marketplace is going to taste great. And we know that pet parents of cats, they want to feed their cats something in wholesome and natural, but they also need to taste good, because frankly, cats are picky eaters and certainly they can be. And so we're excited about that. When it comes to treats, we are -- we do have some treat launches lined up here for the third quarter. So we're launching those as well. We also have some more innovation in our pipeline, both on treats and in the cat food area. And so we're pretty bullish about our ability to continue to compete effectively given what we see in our innovation pipeline. And frankly, the continued premiumization and humanization in the pet food category.
Laurent Grandet: Thanks, Jeff. And if I may, I’ve have got a second question on Europe. Sales are improving in Europe. And you mentioned in your prepared remarks, I mean, Old El Paso and Häagen-Dazs being a major element of that recovery. So now, actually, we saw also trends improving in Yogurt. Could you please, I mean, provide us some more business update about that significant piece of your European business?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So I'm really pleased with our European results. I mean, we grew share broadly in France. We grew share in Australia, and we held share in the UK. So our European business is doing well. The things that led to growth, as you say, are our Häagen-Dazs business and our Old El Paso business, which have good margins, which is why you see our profitability, up in the quarter outpacing our sales growth. But our Yogurt business, particularly in France, continues to grow. I'm really pleased with the performance of our French Yogurt business. We're growing share, but we're also growing in the absolute. We're just not growing as fast as we are in Häagen-Dazs and in Old El Paso. But we are growing our Yogurt business, particularly in France. In fact, our, Yogurt business throughout the world with the exception of the UK where we discontinued a sub-line in adult yogurt. Outside of the UK, whether it's Canada, whether it's the U.S., whether it's France, our biggest markets, we're actually growing our market share in Yogurt. And so we feel good about our performance there.
Laurent Grandet: Thanks, guys, and happy and safe holidays for you.
Jeff Harmening: Thank you.
Kofi Bruce: Same for you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed.
Alexia Howard: Hello there. Can you hear me okay?
Jeff Harmening: Yes.
Kofi Bruce: It's fine.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone. So sticking with the European theme, I can't help but notice that in the U.S. Retail segment, you've obviously got very robust takeaway and would expect given the pandemic, things are going very strongly there. Europe looks kind of more normal. The sales growth is not so big. I'm just wondering structurally, what the differences are between these two markets? And why we would be sticking to things out through the pandemic so differently between the two regions?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. It's a very fair question, Alexia. Let me try to unpack it for you because -- and it's a fair question. When you look at our retail sales in Europe during the quarter, they're up 11%. When you look at our retail sales in the U.S., they're up 9%. So actually, if you look at retail sales of branded products, what we're seeing in Europe is very similar to what we're seeing in the U.S. Now we have some product portfolio differences like a big Yogurt business in Europe, and it's smaller in the U.S. But we're seeing our retail growth about the same. Remember, though, that as you look at our results for Europe, our European business also contains a reasonable sized foodservice business. So think about Häagen-Dazs shops and our foodservice dough business, which are not contained in our North America Retail businesses. Also, we have some other businesses that we bought with Yogurt and with Dough and other things and corn, some private label businesses, which are not also growing not as fast, which obviously we don't have in the U.S. So, if you look at strictly retail-to-retail, I would say, Europe and the U.S. are behaving quite similarly, but we have some other businesses in Europe that would overlap into the foodservice area and a little bit in private label that drags down the overall sales result, but with still good profitability in Europe.
Alexia Howard: Very helpful. Thank you. And then as a follow-up, for most [Technical Difficulty], obviously, that was -- on in the early part of the pandemic. Just curious about by the promotional [Technical Difficulty] is less is coming back. Are the retailers expecting you to spend back a little bit more than you normally would do because they want some of that money back that wasn't spent earlier in the year [Technical Difficulty] but like to talk about those dynamics and then I'll pass it on. Thank you very much.
Jeff Siemon: So, Alexia, this is Jeff Siemon. I think I heard promotional activity in our retailers looking for us to spend back or spend more incrementally. I think, it was a bit choppy, but I think that was the question?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, Jon Nudi, do you want to pick up on that?
Jon Nudi: Yes, absolutely. So, for the U.S., in particular, in Canada as well, we're seeing less promotional activity, really through the first half of our year. It's primarily driven by a decrease in depth of promotion. So, frequency looks pretty similar across the majority of our categories. But again, promo frequency is down in capacity-constrained categories, though. So, again, it's really a category-by-category dynamic that's going on. Things like soup, we chose to pull a significant amount of merchandising, really through our first half to make sure that we had product available as we get into key season. Desserts would be the same thing as well. So, as we move to the back half, we think in the majority of our categories, you're going to see promotion levels normalize versus what we've seen prior to the pandemic. I think we'll still see lower levels of depth of discount in some of the categories that are capacity-constrained. And I'll tell you; again, it's a balancing act. Obviously, we want to be competitive. Our retailers want to be competitive. But I think everyone wants to do it profitably as well. So, it's a dynamic discussion that's going on with our retail partners and something we'll continue to assess as we move through the back half of the year.
Alexia Howard: Right. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Jon Nudi: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Moskow: Hi. I had a couple of questions. Jeff, the first one was on e-commerce. I've seen some predictions that e-commerce could be as much as 20% to 25% of the grocery industry over time. And I think that's based on the investment that the retailers are making and the expectation that consumers enjoy getting the convenience during the pandemic. Can you talk a little broadly about how your business model might change if that becomes that big of a penetration? Or does not much have to change? We just have kind of kick up with retailers' demand?
Jeff Harmening: So, Rob, let me -- I'll provide a little back-to-start perspective, and then we can talk about what happens in the future. I mean 18 months ago; about 5% of our business globally was through e-commerce. And in 18 months, it's now jumped to 10%. So, it's doubled over that period of time. So, a pretty significant change in a short period of time. And that is certainly true of our U.S. business, but it's also true of what we're seeing in China and Korea and Europe as well. So, it's a fairly global phenomenon. As far as where it goes, I mean, I guess the other historical perspective I would also provide is at this point in time, even though 10% of our business is through e-commerce channels, at least here in the -- particularly here in the U.S., our biggest business, about 85% of those sales actually go through store still. And that's important, because up until this point in time, we certainly haven't had to change our model very much, because most of our e-commerce sales still go through stores and grocery stores here in the U.S. or Häagen-Dazs shops in China. And so our model hasn't changed much. I don't think over the coming couple of years, our model is going to be – is going to change very much because the click-and-collect model, where consumers pick things up themselves, is so much more profitable for our retail partners. That model, I think, is going to be a – still be a predominant one in the near future. How it looks five years from now? I mean, we'll see. I do think that e-commerce will continue to grow. I think it will continue to evolve. But I would tell you, at least in the near term, I think we're very well positioned. We over-indexed in our categories because we've got great brands and we've got really good capabilities. And the business model for us is not very different than what we've seen before.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Great. And a follow-up for you, different subject, a lot of us are trying to figure out the cost profile of the industry getting into fiscal 2022. And I would imagine some costs that you had related to COVID mitigation of plants would come down. Is there any way to broadly think about your cost profile like a year from now? And what costs might come out? And maybe even comment on other efficiencies that you're looking at? Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: Kofi, do you want to tackle that one?
Kofi Bruce: Absolutely. And I'll try to steer clear of getting too deep into fiscal 2022, given a humble respect for the uncertainty of the environment we've got right in front of us. But I think you have the general structure, right. There are certainly costs that we have been bearing as we deal with some of the health and safety protocols to support safe operation in this environment. Some of those could potentially go away. But I think the other and more important is, as you think about the operational costs that we're incurring to service higher levels of demand, the way that we have pursued supplementing our capacity, allows us to scale down to the extent that demand comes off its peak, even if it remains elevated. So, I think we've left ourselves with agility to not build a lot of these costs into our structure. So, I think that's the posture we've taken as we've looked at how to service demand in this environment.
Robert Moskow: Thank you.
Kofi Bruce: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone. My question is, if we're – go into a scenario, where demand remains elevated for the next few years. If we look at North American Retail and the mix of business now, like Meals and Baking has really driven a lot of the growth or the extra growth, I should say. Would you expect the mix to change, so if we kind of transition to kind of a new normal where there's more flexibility, people working at-home, and we're kind of past the pandemic? I'm just trying to understand whether or not you think the mix of what's driving the growth in North America Retail would change going forward? Or do you think that things like Meals and Baking would continue to stay at elevated level?
Jeff Harmening: That's a – Bryan, that's a good question, an important one and one that – to be honest, we're trying to figure out the next quarter and what our mix is going to look like. I will tell you though that, what I do see is that there are certainly a lot more people have been introduced to baking. We know that household penetration has especially increased among young families, and especially among Hispanic families. And so, we know that people have baked more and they're going to be more confident in baking, which would point to perhaps baking remaining elevated. To the extent that people work from home that would speak to the breakfast occasion or lunch occasion as occasions that will have the opportunity to benefit longer term. And so, it is possible that our mix changes. We'll have to see when we get there. What I would like is that, our meals and baking businesses here in the U.S. are -- the margins are really good on those as they are in cereal. And so to the extent the mix changes, I think we would still have an opportunity to grow profitably. And so clearly, we're all interested to see what's going to happen in F 2022 and beyond. It's a little bit early to call, but I am confident that should we see a change in mix that we can navigate in that way that we can produce -- hopefully produce some growth, but also maintain profitability as we do it.
Q – Bryan Spillane: All right.
A – Jeff Harmening: Thank you.
Q – Bryan Spillane: Have a great holiday everyone.
A – Jeff Harmening: You too.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Q – David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to talk about reinvestment in growth. I know it's a broad topic. It could be advertising. It could be other capabilities. But, how are you thinking about that? Obviously, you have opportunity to do that this year, even stretching back to fiscal 4Q of last year. But what is the level of that reinvestment in fiscal 2021? And what is that supporting? And any color would be helpful. And I have a quick follow-up.
A – Jeff Harmening: Kofi, you want to take that one?
A – Kofi Bruce: Sure. Just let me frame out -- as you look at, in particular, some of the brand-building activity that you would look at through media, we're up roughly double-digits through the first half in terms of support behind key platforms and key ideas. We do continue to watch with a hawkish-eye the return on investment on those brand-building activities. And I think the capabilities, as you think about those, in particular data and analytics, those are coming through in our admin line. I would expect those to be investments that have a payoff profile probably over the intermediate term. So this is really about setting up sustainability of some of the growth trends and being able to ensure that we have a good shot at holding on to some of the penetration gains that we're seeing in this environment.
Q – David Palmer: I think there is almost a cynicism or skepticism out there for people watching the food space. They see the food companies -- and Mills was part of this. They cut back on advertising spending during much of the 2010s. And there's going to be this reinvestment now. But, I think the concern or the expectation is that maybe advertising doesn't work for these categories or it doesn't work like it used to. Are you doing things differently in the way that you're reinvesting now that you feel like the ROIs will be better? And any color there would be helpful. Thanks.
A – Jeff Harmening: Yes. David, yes, I read your report. And I don't agree with all of it, but I respect the fact that you put out there what you think. We've measured ROIs for a long time, and we think we're pretty good at it. And if you're asking whether advertising has changed over time, the answer is, of course, it has, because there are no longer three channels in the TV set. And you can advertise in a variety of formats, whether it's through gaming or Instagram or Hulu or what have you. And so, of course, advertising has changed in terms of how people consume media. What hasn't changed, though, is what drives ROI. What drives ROI is marketing behind big brands on really good ideas that people care about, like heart health on Cheerios, like Jennifer Lopez marketing Yoplait and calcium on yogurt in places where people are going to watch it. So we advertise Totino's through gaming, because that's where people are -- that's where their eyes are, and that's where they are going on Totino's. Advertising Honey Nut Cheerios heart health on gaming probably wouldn't be the best idea. And so those are the things that I mentioned, big brands, great ideas that people care about and where you put it, that's actually remained the same. What's changed is that, where people go for information. And so we're following that just as everybody else is. What I think is different and probably underappreciated about, what we have is we have a lot of first-party data through bettycrocker.com and pillsbury.com and Box Tops. And when we combine, what we can do with that through data and analytics along with great brands and really good ideas, we're confident that we can generate good ROIs.
David Palmer: Great. Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Faiza Alwy: Yes. Yes, hi good morning. So a couple questions around topics that have already been discussed a little bit. The first one is just, Kofi, around margins. I was hoping that you could help quantify some of the puts-and-takes on the gross margin line. And I think in 4Q, you had said that you had incurred around $100 million of COVID-related costs. And you talked about those extending into fiscal 2021. So I was wondering if you could quantify how much of those have extended? And how much of these might stay post-pandemic. And maybe there has been some benefit from internal operating leverage. I know we've talked about lower promotions. Maybe there's some positive mix, because some of your higher-margin categories have been growing faster. And raw materials seem to have raw material pricing, there's been some favorability there. But I was hoping you could just unpack some of these factors. And what you've seen in the first half. And again, how we should think about those factors in a more normalized environment?
Kofi Bruce: Sure. Sure. Let me just give you a sense here that the kind of -- in order of magnitude, the way to think about the cost structure on gross margin, we are expecting about 3% input cost inflation and continue to track to roughly that. Our higher operational costs to service demand in this environment, which is one of the categories that we would have flagged is being linked to the pandemic would follow that. And then, brand capabilities and investments, and then the health and safety costs also were linked to the pandemic. I think, candidly, it is getting harder to separate the COVID related costs. So we have not been doing so this year, in part because, COVID impacts, it permeates so many areas of our business, and there probably is a level of visibility that is hard to get much more granular than we have been. I think you're right, in the call about mix of business, certainly leverage, those things certainly help the margin profile, as we're seeing a lot of growth in our highest-margin businesses in pet and North America Retail driving a lot of the company's growth and that accreting to gross margin mix.
Faiza Alwy: Okay. Okay. Thank you. And then just a follow-up. I think, Jeff, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you have, sort of, incremental flexibility around bolt-on M&A and share repurchases at the right time. And I was hoping you could expand on that. So, are you waiting for the pandemic to essentially go away before you take some actions around on the M&A front? Are you more active in the M&A market than you were maybe a year ago? I know you previously talked about some type of portfolio optimization or some divestments. And are there any particular categories where you would maybe like to expand in? So, just more color around those topics.
Jeff Harmening: Sure. Let me answer it kind of top-line. And then Kofi, if you want to come in and answer anything in more detail, please feel free to jump in. I would say, as we think about capital allocation, obviously, the first call is to the business. And we've increased our capital spending this year behind some nice growth projects, especially in cereal and fruit snacks and Mexican food. The second thing we said, we would do is, once we get our leverage down was to increase our dividend, and we've increased our dividend rate by 4% so far this year. So, we've done that. And so then it begs a question, what is going to happen going forward? The first thing I would tell you is that we would hope to get to a more -- what we would consider to be more normal capital allocation process now that our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is in about the 2.9 range. So, it gives us a lot of flexibility, a lot of different ways that we can create value for shareholders. If we see some -- we'll continue to reshape our portfolio, and that's both on the acquisition front and the divestiture front. And so to the extent we see bolt-on acquisitions that we think will be accretive to our growth and good for shareholders, we now have the flexibility to do that. If on the other hand, there's nothing that we see on the horizon on the M&A front, we now have the flexibility to buy back shares if we need to do that. We don't need to necessarily wait for the end of the pandemic before we do either M&A or share buybacks. But now we have the flexibility on our balance sheet to resume those kind of activities and to create value for shareholders in a variety of ways, which we feel great about. And I think we've proven through our M&A and Blue Buffalo that we can add value through M&A. And clearly, share buybacks are something that can add value as well. So that would be the topline. Kofi, anything you want to add to that? A - Kofi Bruce No, I think we continue to be very pleased with the progress we're making on debt deleverage. And so I think as we look at that as the gate that probably most matters, we are very quickly getting back to a place where our capital structure is in the right long-term target zone. And then I would just also add that we do have an existing share repurchase plan with a fair amount of authorization remaining up and standing. So, there really isn't any additional gates should we decide that share repurchases make sense.
Faiza Alwy: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Kofi Bruce: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks. Congrats to another strong quarter.
Jeff Harmening: Thank you.
Jason English: I guess I want to come back to the gross margin question. And I apologize; I got a little bit distracted by my son in the middle of your answer. So, you may have actually commented on this. But I think I heard you in response to -- maybe to Ken Goldman's question, on terms of margins going to flat next quarter mention external costs shifting into next quarter. So, I guess, how do external costs shift? I would think that they're just kind of there, if you're using external providers. And are you effectively saying that it's going to be gross margins that stall out the margin progression as we go into next quarter?
Kofi Bruce: Jason, I totally get the interruption from your son. I've had them even on investor calls. So I totally get it. And thanks for your question. Yes, so as you think about next quarter, the way to think about external supply chain cost shifting is that, we were able to service more of our demand through internal capacity in Q2. We didn't need to rely as much on it. But as we go into Q3 with an expectation of demand remaining elevated and recognizing and linking to the fact that we didn't see as much inventory replenishment in North America retail, we would expect to have to lean more heavily on external supply team in Q3, as we expect to make some progress against that inventory rebuild. The other component to your point, so most of that would – outcome at gross margin that would be potentially some additionally cost that come through at the admin line as we advance some of the investment in capability.
Jason English: Thanks. That's helpful. And one more quick question on pet food. First, congrats on the strong quarter results in pet food. It certainly surprised me more robust than I was expecting. Can you give me a performance by channel? Like, how are you doing on e-com versus Pet Specialty versus what we see in the Nielsen-measured channels?
Jeff Siemon: Did you get disconnected as well?
Jeff Harmening: No. We're still on.
Jeff Siemon: You are disconnected we will be back…
Operator: Hey, pardon me. We're returning to reach Mr. Siemon back.
Jon Nudi: Can you hear – this is Jon Nudi. Can you hear me?
Kofi Bruce: Can you hear me, Jon, you are there?
Jon Nudi: I think I heard Jeff still talking. I think you all are on.
Kofi Bruce: I can’t hear Jeff.
Operator: We’re trying to reach Jeff back. Thank you.
Jeff Siemon: Kofi, do you want to take a crack at that answer?
Kofi Bruce: Yes. Yes, sorry. Just want to make sure, I am still on, so question was kind of our channel. As we look at our Q2, we saw Pet Specialty probably lagging the other two channels; e-commerce, up double digits as we look at the shape of our business. That's about one-third of our sales in Pet, and FDM at almost 40%, as we look at the measured.
Jason English: Got it. The 40% FDM. Got it. Thank you. I appreciate it. Best of luck. And I hope we’ll get Jeff back soon.
Jeff Siemon: Yes. Yes, sorry about that.
Jeff Harmening: And we're back.
Jeff Siemon: Okay Frank, we can go ahead with the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with DD Research. Please proceed.
David Driscoll: All right. Great. Thanks a lot. And glad you guys are back. So, I wanted to ask a little bit more about pet food. Jeff, when you bought the business, there was guidance from the old team at double-digit top line growth. When it became part of General Mills, you stuck with that double-digit guidance. But there was just enormous skepticism on the ability of that business as part of General Mills to keep going. I think in your answer to one of the first questions, you said underlying demand is running 10%, 11%. Are you able to say that BLUE has some runway here to continue to see that double-digit growth? And then can you just give us -- you've mentioned a bunch of things so far in the script, but can you just kind of hone in on some of the pieces here that would give us that double-digit growth for some time into the future. And what I like about this particular question is, I hope this is not a pandemic related question, and that you guys do have some very clear thoughts about it, because it says -- I think you guys have said yourself the pets don't eat at restaurants. So hopefully, that makes sense? And then I've got a follow-up, please.
A – Jeff Harmening: Yes. First, let me go with what I know, and then we can talk about what we think. What I know is that the growth in Blue Buffalo really isn't pandemic-related, and an even though, anecdotally adoptions are up for pets and certainly among millennials. That's actually was not driving the growth of the category, and it's not driving the growth of Blue Buffalo. The category is being driven by the premiumization of pet food. And we know that because the dollar growth is up mid-single-digits in the category, and the pounds are only up low-single-digits. So that delta continues to be important as pet parents switch from whatever they're feeding their pets before and the more premium pet food. And so that's what we know and we know that Blue Buffalo is a great brand. We also thought when we bought Blue Buffalo that we'd be able to execute well with our rollout of the Food, Drug and Mass channel because we've done it with Annie's. And we got a lot right. We got a few things wrong, but we learned a lot through Annie's. And so we're going to apply that to Blue Buffalo. And so, now we've got a really good all channels business. And one of the things we learned with Annie's was that, great brands travel across channels and that just because you have something in a grocery store, it doesn't mean that every consumer knows that it's there yet. It takes a long time to gain awareness. There are some places that we've looked, we probably only have 20% awareness in some accounts that Blue Buffalo actually exists at that supermarket chain. And so, that has given us confidence, not only that we could execute a Food, Drug and Mass rollout, but that Blue Buffalo would be good across channels and that we continue to grow, even once we gain full distribution because we've seen this movie before on Annie's. And that's what's playing out. As to how we grow into the future, I can't promise that we're going to grow double-digits in the future. We had a very good quarter this quarter. I think we'll have a good quarter coming up. But what I can tell you is that, I am confident we have the best premium brand in the pet category. I'm confident that the premiumization of pet food will continue so that we're very well positioned. We have a robust pipeline of renovation and new products and that we can continue to grow in Food, Drug and Mass. And so all those things lead me to believe that not only has been Blue Buffalo been a good acquisition for General Mills, but that it'll continue to perform well. And whether that's high-single-digits or double-digits will remain to be seen. But I think that we were all confident when we bought Blue Buffalo that we could do a lot of good things with this business. And we're at least as confident now as we reward the day that we bought it three years ago.
Q – David Driscoll: Well, you certainly get big congratulations from me on the performance there. We've seen other businesses and other companies struggle. So, good job on that one. My follow-up question is on -- staying with Pet is on the marketing model. BLUE used to have a really sizable investment in in-store promoters, the so-called Pet Detectives. And on top of this, the brand had industry-leading levels of advertising. How has that changed with the pandemic and the pressures that we've seen on pet specialty stores. Is -- fundamentally, have you shifted monies from those in-store promoters to the advertising side? Is the total budget down? I just have lost sight of that a little bit and like to understand how you're going to keep your foot on the gas pedal on this business going forward?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So the pandemic's changed a lot of things, including the ability of consumers to get into stores. What I will say is that -- what hasn't changed for Blue Buffalo and what will not change going forward is our commitment to keep educating pet parents on the value of Blue Buffalo. And as you say, there has been a huge in-store model to that historically. And we wouldn't see get -- necessarily getting away from an in-store model, but we began to supplement that, not only with TV advertising but also digital advertising and digital marketing. And so what I think you'll see is our dedication to growing the brand and growing our marketing will continue. How that marketing mix will change over time. And we think that an omnichannel approach to marketing where you have some in-store presence, but you can also meet pet parents where they are one-on-one online is going to be increasingly important part of our business. And we've done a really good job with North America Retail in that regard. And we're applying some of what we learned into Pet and plowing some new ground. We'll probably talk about that even more, maybe a quarter from now. But I think it's a really good question. What I can tell you is that the marketing model will continue to evolve, as our ways of reaching pet parents evolve, but our dedication to building the brand will remain unchanged.
David Driscoll: Appreciate the thoughts. I'll pass it along. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thank you. Jeff, maybe just a broader question just around the strength of brands, right, and I guess more specifically, your brands and the market share you've been able to hold or take within the U.S. really over the past nine months vis-à-vis private label, right? There's been a lot of discussion in why private label has maybe lagged some of these stronger brands or master brands. Upfront, it seems like it may have been supply chain issue. It would seem like the supply chain issue maybe has drifted a little bit, speaks more broadly and positively to brands overall. But then at the same time, we hear companies saying, okay, well, if we go into a recession, consumers will continue to look to consume food at home because it's a less costly option. But it also sounds like you're suggesting they still won't go to private label. So I'm just trying to right-size, how we should be thinking about brands overall with respect to the economic backdrop, and then compared to private label. Sorry. There's a lot there. But thanks.
Jeff Harmening: There's a lot there, because there's a lot there. What I would say is that -- let me go back to the last Great Recession, because I was actually marketing during that. The first thing I would say is that, any time you see economic turmoil, the first shift that consumers have toward value is actually not the private label. The first shift really is from away-from-home eating to at-home eating, because the economics eating at home are a lot more favorable for consumers than the economics of eating away-from-home. So that's the first big shift that takes place. So you see the categories grow. Then within that, what we saw within our categories, during the last Great Recession, we actually held share through the Great Recession. Private label actually grew as well. Private label actually grew share. And where we saw the share of losses was from middling brands. And so that is -- that's one of the things we saw during the last Great Recession. What we've seen now is that in the categories in which we compete, not only here in the U.S., but in Europe and Brazil as well, is that we continue to gain market share because we've got good brand strength as well as good supply chains. Our retail customers see that we're driving growth in the majority of our categories and they want to see that growth continue. And at least so far, we've seen private label shares decline, whether it's in pet food or human food or -- even in Europe. And so what we -- then the question is, what comes forward and we don't see any reason why consumers won't continue to buy big brands. They may -- consumers may decide to shift to more to private label, but if what happens during the last Great Recession happens again in our categories, we'll at least hold share during that period of time. So, that's -- I mean I like to try to get back to what has happened because everyone likes to speculate about what will happen and I do, too. But I think it's instructive way to go back and look to see what has happened.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Fair enough. And then just kind of a follow-up question that's related. Obviously, really over the past five years, right, there's been an incremental push into ongoing SKU optimization, that just kind of -- that's kind of nature of the beast always. It seems like there's been maybe a little bit of an acceleration or kind of pull-forward of that just given everything that's been kind of at hand over the past nine months, let's call it. Do you kind of feel that -- when you speak with the retailers that they're really increasingly focused on those high-velocity, kind of, more scale, more profitable items, such that kind of those larger brands still kind of have the advantage relative to some smaller brands trying to kind of eke in, right, while -- obviously, there are a lot more moving parts now than there may normally be and that’s it. Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: Jon, do you want to take this one?
Jon Nudi: Yes. Sure, Rob. A couple of things. I mean, I think, the variety of SKUs really needs to be looked at category-by-category. So, as you know, we -- or we put on hold a significant number of soup SKUs as we went into the pandemic. What we learned was some of those we can do without, but some of them are important because variety matters to consumers. So, you have to start with the consumer and really understand what they're looking for. The broader trend that we're seeing, though, particularly with retailers -- and Jeff mentioned that 85% of e-commerce is click-and-collect. So, those orders are being fulfilled from the shelf. And for the retailers to really be efficient and run the shelf well, both for the customers coming in as well as the customers driving through, they are moving to fewer SKUs on the shelf with higher velocity and for us, we think that plays well for our brands. Our brands tend to be number one or number two in the category. We've been focused on building our brands. And this is the third or fourth consecutive year in a row in North America Retail where we've grown share in the majority of our categories. So, we think we're set up well for the dynamic that's going to play out in the shelf in the future.
Rob Dickerson: All right. Great. And happy holidays. Thank you.
Jeff Siemon: You to Rob. Thank you.
Jon Nudi: Thanks, Rob.
Jeff Siemon: All right. Frank, I think that's -- unfortunately, I know we didn't -- we weren't able to get to everybody on the queue, but I think, we're going to wrap it up here and wish everybody a very safe and healthy holiday. Thanks for spending your time. I appreciate the interest in General Mills and we'll be in touch soon.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-09-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the General Mills’ First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, September 23, 2020. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Franz and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our Q&A session on first quarter results. I hope everyone had time to review our press release, listen to the prepared remarks, and view our presentation materials, which are available on our Investor Relations site. It’s important to note that in this Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are based on our current views and assumptions, including facts and assumptions related to the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results in fiscal ‘21. Please refer to this morning’s press release for factors that could impact the forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of any non-GAAP information, which may be discussed on today’s call. I am here virtually with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; Kofi Bruce, our CFO; and Jon Nudi, Group President of our North America Retail segment. We are holding this call from different locations, so we will cross our fingers that technology cooperates. And with that, let’s go ahead and get to the first question. Franz, can you get us started, please?
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please begin.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning, Chris.
Kofi Bruce: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Growe: I want to congratulate you on a very strong quarter there. Yes, thank you. I had just two quick questions for you. I do want to ask as you look ahead, you do outline a high-single-digit growth rate in your categories that you expect in North American retail in the second quarter. You have had very strong market share gains to date. Should we assume those market share gains, maybe not the same degree, but those continue? Is that part of your expectations? And I guess I was also curious if you are incorporating or what stage you are in, in terms of building inventory, North American retail? Are your inventory levels back to where they need to be or is there more work you can do kind of part of the holidays to get those inventory levels up higher?
Jeff Harmening: So, Chris, this is Jeff Harmening and let me answer the first one in summary and then hand it over to Jon Nudi for any additional commentary and then for the inventory question. I am really pleased with how we have competed across the world, including North America retail in the first quarter. I think that’s one of the reasons our quarter was so good. And as we look at the second quarter, I would expect the same. I would expect us to compete effectively, including in North America, and I am not going to go category by category, but I think in general, we – in general, in the first quarter, we actually increased our market share position and I don’t see any reason why we can’t do the same thing in the second quarter of this year, because we really are kind of firing on all cylinders executionally ,and we have got good marketing and innovation and renovation to back that up. So, that’s kind of the summary, Jon Nudi, any commentary on that and then maybe some thoughts on inventory, retail inventory?
Jon Nudi: Yes, sure. Good morning, Chris. In terms of competing effectively, I agree with Jeff, we really like our marketing, we like our new products. The only other thing I would add is our share distribution is up nicely and that’s a key metric that we look at. So, we do believe that we will be able to compete effectively. In terms of inventory, if you remember in Q4, we had our RNS about 9 points behind our movement. As we move through Q1. we got it back a little over 3 points of that. So, we do believe there will be some more inventory coming our way as we move throughout the year. Important to note that it won’t all come in Q2, we still have some platforms like soup and baking mixes that we are capacity constrained on, so we think that by Q4 we should be back to healthy service levels and that inventory will flow through the rest of our fiscal year.
Chris Growe: And Jon, I was just curious does that limit your promotional ability in some of those categories, in particular where you are capacity constrained in terms of getting back to more of a normal level of promotional spending and advertising and that kind of thing. Is that limiting you because of your capacity situation in some categories?
Jon Nudi: And Chris, I would say in the categories that we’re constrained generally, the entire industry is, so I think you will see our marketing levels remain strong. We believe that building our brands is something that we need to be consistent on, and that will be good for the short-term and the long-term. I think from a promotional standpoint, you will still see similar frequency to last year, but in some cases, less depth. And as we are working with our retail partners, that’s where we are focused on at this point.
Chris Growe: Okay, that’s great. Thanks for all your time this morning.
Jon Nudi: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks for the question. I have kind of a longer-term portfolio question for you, Jeff. You probably talked about the desire to maybe rationalize the portfolio through divestitures by about 5%. The categories that I would have thought would be kind of candidates for divestiture, are the ones that are performing the best in this environment, baking and soup, I would – I kind of thought you might be part of those considerations just, for example. Is there anything that happened during the pandemic that have altered your view as to what parts and portfolio you would consider divesting?
Jeff Harmening: So, Rob thanks for the question. You are breaking in and out, but I will try to answer the question I think you asked. But if I missed it, just know that it is because I am not trying to avoid it, just breaking in and out.
Robert Moskow: Alright.
Jeff Harmening: On the portfolio shaping, broadly speaking out, I would see us continue to look at portfolio shaping both in terms of divestitures and acquisitions. There is nothing strategically that makes me think that we should change our general approach to divestitures and acquisitions. Clearly, the timing on that has changed as we have been and as we have gone through this pandemic. And the longer-term question of what consumer trends have changed, I think is yet to be answered, because we are still in the middle of the pandemic. And so, we are – we still think that portfolio is shaping both divestitures and acquisitions would be a part of our future. But of course, we are only going to do those things to the extent we think they are going to create shareholder value. Unfortunately, I know you know this, Rob, but I just feel compelled to say it. From the beginning, we haven’t felt compelled to do divestitures, because we think we need to raise cash to pay down debt, and I think today is further evidence of that as our net debt to EBITDA got down to 3 and we resumed dividend growth. So, as we look at divestitures, I will make sure that they are constructive for our shareholders, and there is certainly not a reason not to do that, but not to pay down debt, because you have already done a nice job of that and are already on target.
Robert Moskow: Right. Can I ask a quick follow-up for Kofi, one of your competitors set up some expectations for how much incremental sales to expect this calendar year from the pandemic, a percentage that you expect to retain in calendar 2021. And then by 2022, I think a very conservative expectation about it is that there are no further retentions. Are you looking at your forward outlook the same way? Are you trying to think about maybe calendar ‘21, how much you retain from what happened in 2022? And then looking at that, [technical difficulty] but are you looking at it in the same manner or are you looking at it differently?
Kofi Bruce: Rob, this is Kofi. Thanks for the question. It’s probably the question of the moment, and I think it’s important for us to stay grounded in what we actually know right now, which for us I think we need to prepare for scenarios in which sustained levels of at-home consumption remain for a period of time. I think it is hard to make a call on duration at this point, with all due respect to any of our competitors who are doing so, especially that far out. So, there is a reason why we haven’t given guidance. And it is not – it is not for lack of confidence in our ability to compete, but more a reflection of the uncertainty of the environment and the duration and the expected duration of at-home demand. But I think –we know that our posture is to be prepared for whatever shows up and be prepared to compete and I think you saw us put a pretty good down payment on that in Q1.
Robert Moskow: Great, thank you.
Kofi Bruce: You bet.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning, Andrew.
Kofi Bruce: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: That’s actually a good segue into my question, which is you have talked about incremental capacity coming on stream both internally and externally. I am curious maybe how much of this addition is internal and maybe in sort of what categories the sort of internal capacity is expected to come online from; and I really ask, because my assumption is that you would not necessarily add internal capacity, if there was not at least some anticipation of elevated demand being somewhat sticky, which of course is a big topic of debate among investors. The third-party manufacturing, I guess can be a little bit more flexible in that regard, but the internal side, of course, is kind of sticks with you, there is capital involved and things of that nature. So, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Andrew, this is Jeff, let me answer. Let me take a summary perspective on this and then Kofi or Jon, if you have anything to add, please feel free to add in. During this quarter, we are adding both internal and external capacity. On the internal capacity, the places we are adding capacity are things where we actually saw quite a bit of demand, even pre-COVID. And so, we have some cereal businesses, fruit snacks businesses, where we saw demand really for a number of years that was growing, and we had reached our internal capacity limit actually even before COVID. And so, we made the decision in many cases 12 months ago or 18 months ago to add capacity to those and while some of those coming online in Q2 and some coming online in Q3, but there are areas that have seen the self-sustained growth even before COVID. Even if we would have wanted to in the second quarter for many of our seasonal businesses where we are adding a lot of capacity here in Q2 and really differential capacity, I would say we are going external not due to lack of competence, but primarily because it provides greater agility. It’s faster to get into the capacity, and then to the extent we don’t see the capacity stick, then it’s easier to get out and we don’t spend the capital doing it. And so, the places where you see us spending on external capacity in the second quarter are really our seasonal businesses which is why we called out the margin pressure in Q2, but it allows us to react quickly to growing demand and if we see that stick, then we can make other decisions down the road.
Andrew Lazar: Okay, got it. Very helpful. Thanks so much.
Jeff Harmening: Yes.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. Good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Ken Goldman: You highlighted that you are taking – you highlighted that you are taking a number of approaches to I think maximize the stickiness of demand. You mentioned higher e-com spending, higher marketing, and then you also talked about renovation and innovation. I understand what you are doing differently with e-com and the spend on marketing. I wasn’t quite clear though if you are doing anything necessarily new in terms of renovation, which you have been doing well for years and innovation, which is always a company priority. So, I am just curious if you could help us understand what’s new in those areas versus pre-pandemic? Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, Ken, I think – this is Jeff, your observation is a good one. I would say that, I don’t know on renovation that we have we are doing anything new pre-pandemic. I think actually, the point is actually the one you made that over the last few years, we made a lot of changes to a lot of products, some of which – it’s not only some of which we actually highlighted during the presentation, but I think the point is that because of all the renovation we have done, as we are bringing new consumers into our franchise and you saw during the presentation, we are bringing a lot of new consumers into our franchise. And one of the things we are finding is that the repeat rate of those new consumers is about the same as the users we already had, which is actually highly unusual and very encouraging. The other thing we would say that the new households we are getting are happening to be at a different demographic which is to say younger and more Hispanic, which we under-indexed and we are so actually excited about that. But the point about renovation, you are right, I don’t know that there is anything new other than what we have been doing for the last few years is really paying off as new consumers come into the franchise, and I think you can see us – you will see us continue to renovate our products because we feel as if it’s paying dividend now for the work that’s been done before, and any – Jon Nudi, you would like to add to that?
Jon Nudi: No, I completely agree with that. Jeff, I think the only thing I would add to is we have gotten I think smarter in terms of renovation, instead of blanket renovations across categories, for example, a few years back and cereal kicking up artificial flavors and colors. I think we are very targeted now, and also if you look at yogurt, we are seeing great growth in original style Yoplait, because we know that consumer cares a lot about fruit and put more fruit in and we are seeing great growth in the top line and we are growing share. So, the renovation work continues. I think we have gotten smarter and I think we will continue to benefit as we move forward as a result.
Ken Goldman: Thank you. And then quick follow-up, you highlighted the normal capital allocation strategy, you mentioned share repurchases. Barring a deal, should we expect your repo to accelerate reasonably quickly, I know you are not or no food company necessarily is super happy with their stock prices given what their fundamentals have been. So, I am just curious how your outlook is or your appetite is for that right now?
Kofi Bruce: Yes, so this is Kofi. Thanks for the question. Look, our job that we declared at the beginning of the year on the balance sheet was really to get our debt to leverage back to below 3x to restore the strategic flexibility of the balance sheet. As you can imagine coming off of last year, we would expect a little bit of sort of choppiness in the cash flow. So, I think our first point of confidence is really to restore dividend growth and continue to make progress on de-leverage. We will assess the other capital allocation priorities based on the progress we make throughout the year.
Ken Goldman: Thank you.
Kofi Bruce: You bet.
Operator: Our next question from the line of David Driscoll with DD Research. Please proceed.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Thank you.
David Driscoll: I got – great. I wanted to ask about the pet business, the 6% sales growth, perhaps understates the true strength in this business. Can you guys talk a little bit about what’s happening in pet? And just your expectations on a go-forward basis, I would note that there is significant live animal sales, I mean we think live animal sales are surging at pet stores, your e-commerce operations, pursuant to your comments just a few weeks back, sound like they are doing terrific in pet. And then because the pets eat at home everyday, I am hoping this allows you to be a bit more free with your forward comments and really explaining, that 6% again, the core of it is I think that’s understanding the true strength of growth within that operations, but would appreciate your insights?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, David, this is Jeff and thanks for your question. Appreciate that. First, I would say we are actually quite pleased with our pet growth in the first quarter and ended up almost exactly where we thought that it would end up. A couple pieces of context and first, you are right that growth that you are reporting net sales growth does understate our growth for the quarter as it relates to pet sales out, because recall that in the fourth quarter of last year, there was a big stock up and we actually saw that flow through to June. And so our retail sales out in June were probably low single-digits and they accelerated dramatically in July and August to high single-digits. And so that tells us that de-stocking – the stock-up the consumers had in the fourth quarter is actually now behind us and that it did have an impact on our first quarter and were it not for the impact of the – from the fourth quarter and the carryover, we probably would have seen – certainly seen high single-digit sales of our pet food business on a reported basis in the first quarter. So, they are understated by a little bit for reasons that we will understand from before. And the other I would say is that our like-for- like comparison to growth from a year ago was actually 16%. And so the question is, can we grow once we have distribution at least one quarter in as we feel good about our answer to that which is, yes. And we have grown through growing same-store sales, where we already are, we have grown it through our e-commerce business. The drag from pet specialty has actually reduced from where it was before. So, we feel very good. We have also grown share in segments we competed in cat and dog, whether it’s a dry cat food or wet dog food or treats, we have actually grown in every sub-segment. So, we feel very good about our pet business. And I would think that in the second quarter, we will see strong growth in pet.
David Driscoll: If I could just sneak in one follow-up, the cereal business seems to have shown the deceleration in sales growth in the reported Nielsen data. I am curious if you guys have any explanations about just the summertime and cereal sales and if you think that the rate of growth in the cereal category and your cereal business will pickup during the final portion of the calendar year here. But I am thinking that there is some quirks that happened in August in back-to-school. I don’t know if Jon has any comments or explanation there, but it would be very helpful? Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Jon, go ahead – why don’t you go ahead and field that one?
Jon Nudi: Yes, sure, David. Thanks for the question. So, let me start by just saying we feel really good about how we competed in cereal through Q1. So category was up 4, so it did decelerate. I will get to that in a second. We were up 6. We grew about 50 basis points a share and it was actually the 21st straight month that we gained share in the category. We now have four of the top five brands in the category. We had share increases on six of our top seven brands, with the top three new items in the category, with Cheerios Oat Crunch and the Cheerios and Trix Trolls. And we really like our marketing our Heart Health messaging on Cheerios continues to work. Cinnamon Toast Crunch continues to really rock behind a great candid message and we have a new partnership with Chrissy Teigen and John Legend on Chex Mix. So, we love the fundamentals of the business. To your question, the category definitely decelerated from Q4, where we saw growth in the 20% range. And as we really dug into it, one of the things to keep in mind is the comp. So, if you think about last summer, kids were at home. This summer, they were as well. As we move into the fall, we know that only about 25% of kids are actually back in school full time. And we know that when kids are at school, they tend to eat breakfast and lunch, in many cases, at school. So, we would expect the category to pick up as a result in Q2. We are starting to see that in the early days of back-to-school period here and we will continue to watch that very closely. But again, we do expect the category to accelerate as we move through Q2.
David Driscoll: Thank you.
Jon Nudi: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Nik Modi with RBC. Please proceed.
Nik Modi: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just wanted to get behind some of the category growth assumptions that you laid out for the upcoming quarter, what is kind of the backdrop or the premise of how you think the mobility trends, I guess or how the pandemic is going to affect that particular number? So just wanted to kind of understand how you are thinking about how this is going to play out through the end of the year? And then just kind of piggybacking on that, just with all the news in Europe and more lockdowns and national shutdowns, is there any perspective you can provide us on any early impact that that’s having on your business? Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: So, let me answer it from a macro perspective then Jon Nudi, if you have any perspective from the U.S. or the U.S. point of view, I think what you are seeing in Europe right now and what you are seeing in the U.S. goes to the trickiness of trying to be predictive during the pandemic, as situations change pretty significantly and pretty quickly over time, which is why we haven’t given guidance. Certainly, we would expect holistically demand for food at home to be elevated for a period of time exactly how much it’s going to be elevated globally is uncertain, but particularly in the U.S. and Brazil, where we have big businesses and even in Europe, we think food-at-home demand will remain elevated. In China, it’s a little bit different and the at-home consumption is still growing, but away-from-home consumptions continued to get better as witnessed by our double-digit growth in China this quarter, due to the fact our Haagen-Dazs shops have improved. And so the – what I would say holistically, it’s really hard to determine what’s going to happen, but we do think that food-at-home is going to be elevated for a period of time, perhaps longer than had been originally anticipated. And given that our business at least pre-pandemic was about 85% at home and 50% out of home that would bode for an extended period of growth for our business holistically, even if there are some segments like our convenience and foodservice, which will feel the pressure of that over time. Jon Nudi, any thoughts that you have about the U.S.?
Jon Nudi: No, I generally agree with your global thoughts. And I think the thing that we are seeing is that the general direction of categories remains unchanged. So, baking and soup in categories like those remain elevated. Snack bars remaining has headwinds at this point given the away from home nature of that product. So, while we see the growth rates change a bit between Q4 and Q1 as we head into Q2, I think the general direction of those categories are the same. And as Jeff mentioned, until we get a vaccine at scale we would expect continued growth across many of our categories and again, our job now is to compete effectively. We can’t control the category growth rate. What we can control is how we compete in the categories and that’s what we are laser focused on at this point.
Nik Modi: Super helpful. Thank you, guys.
Jeff Harmening: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Faiza Alwy: Yes. Hi, thank you. So, I wanted to ask a little bit about e-commerce and some of your investment spending there. So, you have previously talked about investment in enterprise capabilities like e-commerce, the data analytics, digital category management and customized basket? And I was wondering if you can talk about where you are in terms of those capabilities at the moment. And I know you have also talked about how you have been able to accelerate some of that spending. So, as we look out into 2021 or even further like how much of these costs do you expect to continue and how do you think about measuring a return on these investments? Is it immediate or is it more sort of longer term? And as part of that, I was hoping you can talk about what you saw in e-commerce this quarter, what percentage of sales are now online, particularly in the U.S. outside of that? Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: So, this is Jeff. Let me – you have a number of really good insightful questions. I could probably take the next half an hour going through all of those. So let me just try to give a shorthand version and then ask Jon Nudi to comment on the U.S. piece. Just in terms of our business through e-commerce for the company globally, it’s about 9% right now, whereas a year ago, it was about 5% and the simple math says we have almost doubled the e-commerce business due to a change in consumer behavior. And while that growth rate may or may not continue over the next year, we think the growth in e-commerce actually will continue, which is why we continue to invest in it. It’s important that we invest in e-commerce ahead of the curve, especially getting consumers on e-commerce for the first time, because it tends to be relatively sticky. Once you have Honey Nut Cheerios in your basket, you tend to go with Honey Nut Cheerios and so we are being first in the basket is certainly something important with e-commerce. And so for us investing in that right now is important. I think it’s important to know that we have been successful in e-commerce over the last few years and we over-index in the vast majority of our categories around the world. So, that investment has paid off. It’s also important to note that the economics for us for our business going through e-commerce channels versus just grocery stores is about the same predominantly, because most of our sales to e-commerce actually still go through grocery stores. And so the investments that we have to make are not really in physical infrastructure or distribution centers or packaging changes, they really have to do with more of a digital capabilities and the payback on those tend to be relatively fast. So with that anything, Jon that you would like to add to that?
Jon Nudi: The only thing I will add is just the facts around North America retail business, so that prior to the pandemic, about 4% of our sales were the e-commerce today, this is about 8%. So again, saw the similar acceleration doubling that Jeff mentioned. We like, again, the consumers that are coming in, in e-commerce, we know that they are satisfied and we expect this to continue to grow. And as Jeff mentioned, we do have over-index versus bricks and mortar. We know that big brands work. So, we are going to continue to invest both in capabilities as well as marketing and retention of these consumers as we move forward.
Faiza Alwy: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. Congrats on another strong quarter. I guess my questions are going to be on cost in margins. First, on the margin front, I know you have signaled the second quarter down, just simple math for the rest of the year, your full year margins to be sort of flat implies with down around 60 bps for the next three quarters combined. Is that how we should think about it the next three quarters down in that magnitude or is it going to be outsized compression in the second quarter?
Kofi Bruce: Jason thanks for the question. This is Kofi. Let me just start by kind of harking back to the principles we said at the beginning of the year. I think Jeff said it while we come in with an expectation of keeping flexibility in our operating model in an eye towards keeping our margins roughly in line year-over-year for the full year. Look, if we are in a sustained higher demand environment, we are going to be in a position where we will invest to capture the incremental sales. We will drive higher dollar profit even if the percent margins maybe don’t expand significantly. And so I think the thing that to frame up here is that there are kind of four headwinds that will play out and I will get to Q2 versus Q1 after I lay these out. The first in order sort of magnitude would be we expect COGS inflation to be about 3%, which is about a point off of lower than it was last year. We expect some significant cost to capture the elevated demand, specifically some things around external supply chain and manufacturing premiums as well as internal capacity. And again, these are – the external supply costs are ones that we can shed if the demand doesn’t materialize. A brand and capability investments is third and then health and safety costs will continue this year even if as we see the run-rate tapering off of what we saw in Q4. So, as we get to Q1 versus Q2, what we are seeing is and expect to see is a significant step up in external manufacturing costs in Q2 and that specifically as we go into key season on meals and baking businesses that were significantly constrained in U.S. and Europe. And as we are stepping into those key seasons, we will need a lot more external capacity to rebuild supply for the demand levels we expect. And the other thing I would note is our comparison for adjusted operating profit margin is much more challenging as we get into Q2. The comp was 17% versus last year on Q1. And it’s about 150 basis points more difficult as we look at our Q2 versus last year’s Q2 where it was 18.3%. And we had a number of timing benefits that helped us last year specifically as we were building some inventory in advance of labor negotiations and a little bit of shipment timing on some of our other businesses. And then I think as a last note, just to help you kind of on the balance or the year, I note that in Q4 we are going to be having an extra month of pet results to comp the 53rd week, both of which were favorable to our operating margin. So, posture I’d say is, we will know a lot more, Q2 will be critical to your point for our assessment on the balance of the year and we will be able to make a call once we see the amount of elevated demand and how the ESC costs play out in Q2.
Jason English: Okay. I will follow-up with Jeff offline to see if he can help. But once you didn’t list in that was freight cost. I know they kind of get you guys a couple of years ago, spot rates are moving up pretty hard. Remind us how big is that of a percentage of spend is that for you? And where do you stand in terms of contracts and spot? And should we be concerned that there is a step up on that cost basket field in the coming quarters here, etcetera?
Kofi Bruce: Sure, sure. So, we have about 95% of our freight is going through at contract rates, which are below spot prices and the remaining 5% are at market rates. So, that’s what we are seeing at this point. Obviously, this is an environment where we are going to need to proactively keep monitoring freight, but at this point, we are continuing to execute most all of our freight needs through contract levels.
Jeff Harmening: Jason, this is Jeff. Just getting into the first part of that question, so about 11% or 12% of our overall cost of goods would be free, either the logistics that’s shipping our products to our customers, but also the freight component of inbound raw materials and packaging materials.
Jason English: Got it. Super helpful. Thank you, guys.
Kofi Bruce: Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: You bet.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Ken Zaslow: On the cereal category, as consumers are shifting towards eating breakfast at home, what do you make of the need for merchandising and promotion? I guess I am surprised by the extent that the category is becoming promotional in merchandising as aggressively, it seems like consumers want to eat cereal and it seems like you are able to price at a – more at a full price level and not meaning to merchandise, but the category seems to have become a little bit more promotional than I would have thought. Can you give me your thoughts on that? That would be helpful.
Jeff Harmening: So, Jon?
Jon Nudi: Yes, I am sorry. I figured that was coming my way. So, thank you Ken. So, a couple of things. One is as we look at the category, again, we see some every quarter we see promotional levels change we don’t see anything dramatically different. We still think the category is generally rational. What I would say as you look at the category and think about pricing is not just promotion price really, we are leveraging your entire strategic revenue management toolbox and really focused on pack price architecture. So if you get into the category, you see a lot more cereal sold in larger sizes and we think that’s a really important way to drive price in the category. So, we work with our retail partners. Obviously, it’s a big category, it’s $9 billion that drives a lot of people into the center of the store. So, our retailers do want to promote cereal, it’s important for them. We will continue to work with them. The important thing is that we do believe the category is rational. And at the end of the day one all of the competitors in that space are marketing and innovating. The category tends to do well and we are starting to see some good marketing and some good innovation really across all the major competitors in the category. At this point, yes, we are not seeing anything differential from a promotion standpoint.
Ken Zaslow: Great. Just another just very small question is when does the freight cost contract get renewed? What’s on the year and how do we think about that? Just that part of it, I guess that you are 95% contract, I just want to know when the contracts get renewed and how do I think about that and then I will leave it there and I appreciate it?
Jeff Harmening: Ken, our contract tend to run on our fiscal year. So, it would kind of start in June and in May, roughly that timing.
Ken Zaslow: Perfect. Thank you, guys. Congratulations on a good quarter. Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Jeff Harmening: Hi, John.
John Baumgartner: Jon, I wanted to touch on North America execution and specifically the concept of non-price promotion. To what extent, has it been activated at this point? What sort of forms is it taking? And how are you thinking about its contribution moving forward? Is there anything worth pointing out in terms of maybe how that specific execution differs from your competitors and to what extent does it maybe enable you to sustain this market share success going forward? Thanks.
Jon Nudi: Thanks, John. So just to clarify, are you speaking about marketing and e-commerce and the other non-price drivers, is that your question?
John Baumgartner: I think more so just the bricks and mortar sort of non-price promotion, whether it’s – I have seen, I guess Pillsbury refrigerated coolers in the aisles, anything kind of in that bucket holistically?
Jon Nudi: Yes. So, it really runs the gamut. And so if you think about the North American retail and compete in 25 different categories. And one of the things we have been really trying to do is again understand our consumers in each category and understand what our retailers are looking for in each of those categories. And again, it runs the gamut, if you think about refrigerated baked goods it couldn’t be more pleased with how that business is performing up again north of 30% and Q1 off a very strong Q4. On that one, we know that taste matters. So, we have spent the last few years renovating the product actually putting on some cases fat back into our business to make them taste better and we are seeing our sales increase. And we had our retailers have a limited space. So, that is an area that having extra display space be a bunkers makes a lot of sense. So, working with retailers to put the right promotional plans in place as well as the right vehicles in store at the right times of the year. So, it really – one of the things we have been trying to focus on is being granular and again getting truly understand who our consumers are in each category and getting what retailers are looking for. When you think about cereal, it’s a different category and that’s really been about driving it via strong marketing and partnerships. We think that’s a Heart Health message on cereals and we had a tough run for a couple of years on cereals. Now, we are growing share month after month, but we don’t know what turns the dial. So I can’t speak to one broad thing across all of our categories. What I would say is that the teams are doing a really good job of deeply understanding our consumers, the problems that they have and what they are looking for. And then I think we have done a better job really working in category by category with the retail partners as well and we will continue to do that. The last thing I would say is I don’t think we have some great capabilities. So, we mentioned in the prepared remarks about pillsbury.com and bettycrocker.com, two of the top five food websites for recipes. We are leveraging those differently than we have in the past. So, really talking about how we bring simple meals together teaching consumers how to cook during this time, which I think is important. And then finally, in terms of first-party data box that’s for education is something that we are really excited about. So, we take the program that’s been really successful for over 20 years, we have given almost a $1 billion to schools, but frankly, I was losing some relevancy. So, we digitized it. And the data that we are getting is absolutely incredible. So, we have over 25 million receipts. We get a full scan of the receipt. And as you can imagine that data is very valuable as we build personalized relationships with our consumers serving them up offers to keep them in our products, at the same time understand how it might be able to move them from some competitive items over time as well. So it runs the gamut and it’s really about understanding consumers and then partnering with the retailers.
John Baumgartner: So, you mentioned a lot of these one-off successes that you accumulate, but you have been investing in data for the last couple of years. Is there a way to think about where you feel you are right now in terms of collecting data, scraping data versus actually making sense of it and putting it in market, it seems like you are there now, but I mean, is it still kind of early days in terms of grasping understanding of it or is there kind of more evolved along that plan at this point?
Jon Nudi: I would say, we are probably still in the early innings. One of the things Jeff did recently was hired a new Head of Data and Analytics for the company and Jaime is going to be a huge help in the short amount of time. One of the things that we are doing to is partnering externally, probably more than we have in the past with some big tech companies that are really helping in the space. So, when we think we have some really unique first-party data, I think we are getting after it more aggressively than we have in the past. So, I think a lot of the benefits are still to come.
John Baumgartner: Very good. Thanks for your time.
Jon Nudi: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. Just looking out to fiscal ‘22 that might be god willing the first post-COVID year, it’s interesting to think about whether we should be thinking about higher sales and profit in that year than we would have thought for that year pre-COVID. And so far, the Street profit estimates for that year have come up less than 1%, EPS more like 3%, presumably due to the reduced debt and the interest expense. I know you are not going to give out that out your guidance, but what are you thinking about the biggest legacy influences both positive and negatives from COVID for those out-year earnings?
Jeff Harmening: Well, so thanks for the question. That’s the first fiscal ‘22 question I have received. My original instinct is to say, I just try to make it through Q2, but I appreciate the question, this actually is a good question. I think one of the reasons we highlighted what we are doing in terms of advertising and renovation and innovation and so forth is that we like you hope that COVID comes to an end in fiscal ‘22 notwithstanding that our sales have been higher during the pandemic, I mean, it will be great once we are – once this is behind us. So, one of the things that we are spending a lot of time on is making investments that will help maximize our growth in the future. And even if I can’t tell you what our growth is going to be, I would hate to sit here a year from now and tell you that we didn’t make the right investments in data and analytics, the right investments in marketing, the right investments in innovation or renovation, I feel like we are doing all those things. And to Jon Nudi’s point earlier, we are really kind of going category by category and it’s not only in the U.S., but also we are doing the same thing in China with Haagen-Dazs and Wanchai Ferry. We are doing the same thing in Brazil, with brands like Kitano in Europe with Old El Paso and Haagen-Dazs and Nature Valley. So, we are taking that same approach throughout the world, but even in places like convenience and foodservice where the business is down, we are making some investments in things like individually wrapped products, which we think are going to be around for a while. And so while we can’t tell you what fiscal ‘22 will bring in the absolute, what I can tell you is that we are doing everything we can now to sustain the growth momentum that we currently have and you do it in the way that’s going to be efficient and effective for long-term valuable for shareholders.
David Palmer: One thing, just a quick follow-up that I think is on people’s minds is that retailer digital connectivity with consumers, you have been among the highest in incremental digital engagement in your digital channel sales and you tend to be better indexed in terms of click and collect and in e-commerce. But I think there is a concern broadly for food companies that the conductivity of retailers will lead to eroding pricing power in some way. That is at least another way for key retailers to extract promotion dollars in terms of data sharing and the like, what are your – how would you push back on that concern?
Jeff Harmening: I guess, I would say that we plan on winning in any environment, including the one you just described. And we have done a good job so far with e-commerce, but it’s a moving target, which is why we hired someone externally for our digital and technology program, which is why we continue to invest in it, which is why we have programs like – we have our own data like bettycrocker.com and pillsbury.com with 7 million unique visitors a month and while we are building a Box Top for Education digitally. So we had access to our own data. And so I think in e-commerce we are all just like retailers and manufacturers, there will be winners and losers when it comes to manufacturing their products and we intend to be on the winner part of that equation, which is why we are investing. And as I said, we are – we feel good about what we have done so far, but we are not arrogant, because it’s a moving target and we will need to continue to invest and make progress against that if we are going to win into the future. And so while we are pleased with what we have done so far, rest assured that we are not resting on our laurels, because there is a lot more work to do.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Jeff Siemon: Maybe time for one more?
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Kofi Bruce: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: Two-part question on brand spending and just how you are executing that, first, just trying to understand a little bit of what’s new and what’s changing. I know you have talked about the website traffic being up in the Cheerios, Heart Health and Box Tops and some things that have been pretty well established, but it sounds like you are making some spending increases, what else is in the mix there that we should be looking for and a little bit related that the second part is just how do you know how much is enough? It sounds like it’s a pretty significant swing factor in the margin outlook for the year, how do you think about the returns and just knowing where the right level is versus letting some of the what might be upside fall down to the bottom line instead?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So one of the things that, that I can assure you as we are always measuring return on investment. And when we say we are investing in our brands, we are not just spending on our brands that I see investing and when you are investing that that would indicate that you are getting a return on that investment. Otherwise, it’s just spending. So I want the people listening to know that when we are spending on our brand, we are making investments and we are working behind things that are working are going to drive growth for our business both in the short-term and long-term. And that’s true of Haagen-Dazs in China, that’s true of Caetano in Brazil and that’s true, Old El Paso in Europe, but just as it is with Cheerios here in the U.S. And so first, we are always measuring what our spending is. The second is that we went even though we are growing our consumer spending double-digits in the first quarter and we look to have our marketing spending grow faster than sales this year, there were a few years where that wasn’t the case. And so we are really rebuilding our marketing spending and we are not at levels we weren’t even probably 5 years ago. And so I really don’t think we are spending too much. We feel like we are being prudent and spending more on the right things on things that drive the business are really important and we prioritize the brands we are spending on and you will – you see that. And so I feel and we are changing the channel and the way we talk to consumers who become an active part of culture. Jon Nudi gave some examples of that of what we are doing in the U.S., but I can tell you what we are doing that in the Middle East as well. So, we feel as if the spending is going in the right places we are able to measure it. And as long as we can keep driving growth on our business, we will keep standing behind our brands. We feel we have got particularly good marketing at this point.
Michael Lavery: That’s helpful. Is it fair to think that you are assuming some top line deceleration over the course of the year that if that’s held up similar to 1Q levels you could see some margin upside come through?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, we will see the – I am going to be a little evasive here, but only because we don’t know what the next three quarters are going to bring in terms of upside demand, because of the nature of that pandemic would indicate that it’s going to be uncertain. We feel that demand is going to be elevated as more than it was pre-pandemic. So, we are pretty confident of that, at least for the next couple of quarters. How much that is and how that will not last, I mean, we will have to see. I think Q2 will be a pretty good indicator. And we will know a lot more after the second quarter, primarily because for us, it’s a – we are in the middle of the pandemic, but also it’s a big quarter for us. And we have a lot of seasonal business in that quarter. And so after the second quarter, I think we will be able to give more color for the rest of the year of how we think the rest of the year will play out. But it’s really a hard environment to predict. And I hate to project certainty in such an uncertain environment. But with clarity, what I can tell you is that we are really pleased with how we are competing. And we fully intend to do that for the rest of the year and we do think that the demand will be elevated.
Michael Lavery: Okay, thank you very much.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks.
Jeff Siemon: Okay. I think that’s all the time we have. I know we didn’t get quite to everyone. So please feel free to follow-up with me over the course of the day to cover any additional questions, but thanks. Thanks to everyone for your interest and your time and attention and I look forward to talking again next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and kindly ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-07-01 08:30:00) =====
Jeff Siemon: Good morning. Thank you for joining us to hear our prepared remarks on General Mills’ Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings. Later this morning, we will hold a separate live question-and-answer session on today’s results, which you can hear via webcast on our Investor Relations website. In a moment, I’ll turn the call over to Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; and Kofi Bruce, our CFO, but before I do let me first touch on a few items up front. On our website you will find our press release on fourth quarter results that went out earlier this morning, along with a copy of the presentation. It’s important to note that our remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions, including facts and assumptions Jeff and Kofi will share related to the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results in fiscal ‘21. The second slide in today’s presentation lists several factors, among them the impact of the pandemic that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I’ll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Jeff.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning everyone. Before we get into our results, I’d like to take a moment to touch on two topics that are top of mind for many of us right now. First, I want to voice General Mills’ strong support for the inspiring movement for social and racial justice that was tragically elevated by the horrible killing of George Floyd here in our hometown of Minneapolis a month ago. While Minnesota is a focal point, we know this is not just one community’s problem. It’s clear from George Floyd’s death, and the many that preceded it, that systemic injustice and racism still exist in our country and in societies around the world. We have a lot of work to do to start the healing, to help our communities rebuild, to emphasize that Black Lives Matter, and to help drive lasting change for social and racial justice. The events of the last month reinforce the importance of our ongoing work to build a culture of belonging at General Mills. Our people are the true heart of the company, and we are focused on creating an environment where all employees feel they can share their unique perspectives and ideas and know they will be treated with respect. That begins with a commitment to foster courageous conversations and to take courageous actions. We stand united against acts of racism and are committed to humbly learning and finding authentic ways to be a part of the solution. The second topic I want to address is the impact the COVID-19 pandemic has had on our employees and our communities. In this time of uncertainty regarding personal health, the economic outlook, and access to food, General Mills, more than ever, is dedicated to making food the world loves and needs. I offer my sincerest thank you to each team member, customer, front line worker and peer company who has worked tirelessly to support our communities, our families, our friends, and our neighbors during this difficult time. You have stepped up in an incredible and safe way to ensure a reliable food supply and we thank all of you. As we turn to the business of our fiscal ‘20 results and 2021 objectives, I’d like to start with a few key messages on slide 5. Throughout fiscal 2020, before and during the pandemic, our most important objectives have not changed; they are the continued health and safety of our employees and our ongoing ability to serve our consumers around the world. Fiscal ‘20 was a year of significant challenge and change in the world around us, and I’m extremely proud of the way General Mills adapted and executed to meet the significant changes in demand in the fourth quarter and deliver outstanding performance. Importantly, we closed the year having achieved each of our fiscal 2020 priorities and we exceeded all the key financial targets we laid out a year ago. Looking forward to fiscal ‘21, we are not providing guidance for our headline financial measures due to the significant uncertainty in the balance of at-home versus away-from-home food demand. Even so, we’ve set three key priorities that will keep us focused on what we can control and allow us to deliver competitive performance in the short term while continuing to advance our long-term strategic goals. First, we will compete effectively everywhere we play. We’ll also drive efficiency to fuel investment in our brands and in our capabilities; and third, we’ll reduce our leverage to increase our financial flexibility. There is no doubt that the COVID-19 pandemic has profoundly impacted our business over the last few months. We’ve seen an unprecedented increase in demand for food-at-home and a corresponding decrease in away-from-home food demand. Prior to COVID-19, at-home food represented approximately 85% of our net sales and away-from-home food represented the remaining 15%. In the fourth quarter of fiscal ‘20, elevated home food demand accelerated net sales growth, most notably in our North America Retail segment where a significant share of net sales comes from categories that were most impacted by at-home eating, including meals, baking, and cereal. The impact of elevated at-home demand was less pronounced in our Europe & Australia segment, reflecting its lower proportion of net sales in those categories. The Pet segment experienced increased demand early in the fourth quarter from stock-up purchasing, which partially unwound by the end of the quarter. Lower away-from-home food demand reduced growth for our Convenience Stores & Foodservice and Asia & Latin America segments. We have implemented employee safety measures, based on guidance from the CDC and WHO across our supply chain facilities, including proper hygiene, social distancing, mask use, and temperature screenings. As of today, all of our manufacturing facilities are open and continue to operate without significant disruption. The significant surge in demand has reinforced the importance of supply chain excellence, something that has been a hallmark of General Mills for decades. We’ve increased the agility of our supply chain, including partnering with customers to prioritize production of key products to reduce downtime and increase capacity. With the uptick in consumers eating at home, we’ve seen broad-based improvements in household penetration for our brands, and we’re encouraged by early indicators on repeat. We’ve seen many more consumers buy their food online in recent months. We modified our fourth quarter plans to increase engagement with consumers online resulting in a significant acceleration in our ecommerce sales growth. Our ability to adapt to these changes allowed us to deliver outstanding performance in the fourth quarter as you can see on slide 7. This included 16% growth in organic net sales, 24% growth in constant currency adjusted operating profit, and 33% growth in constant currency adjusted diluted earnings per share. We strengthened our business in many ways in the fourth quarter, including increasing our agility, deepening our relationships with our customers, getting our brands in front of many new consumers, enhancing our competitive position in our categories, and investing meaningfully in our people, our brands, and our capabilities. These changes set us up to deliver continued strong results in the months and years to come. A year ago, we outlined three key priorities that were critical to delivering a successful year in fiscal ‘20, accelerating our organic sales, maintaining our strong margins, and reducing our leverage. I’m pleased to say that through nine months, before the full impact of the pandemic hit our business, we were on track to deliver on each of these priorities, and with the acceleration in Q4, we ultimately exceeded our expectations for all three. Let me take you through a few examples of how we delivered against our fiscal ‘20 priorities, beginning on slide 9. We started the year knowing that improving growth in the North America Retail segment and delivering another strong year in Pet were going to be critical to accelerating our overall organic sales growth, and both our teams came through with great results. Our North America Retail team delivered a truly exceptional year in fiscal ‘20. Prior to COVID-19, we were already on track to improve organic sales growth for the year. At-home food demand accelerated dramatically in Q4, with retail sales for our U.S. categories up 32%, driven most prominently by the meals, baking and cereal categories. And our supply chain stepped up admirably to service this demand, keeping our trusted, leading brands in front of consumers and enabling U.S. Retail to deliver its best full-year market share performance in a decade. This performance was led by our U.S. Meals and Baking operating unit, which generated 68% retail sales growth in the fourth quarter, including strong results for Pillsbury Refrigerated Baked Goods, Progresso Soup, Totino’s Hot Snacks, Betty Crocker Desserts, and Gold Medal Flour. In U.S. Cereal, we delivered a third consecutive year of retail sales growth and extended our leadership position in the category, gaining 70 basis points of share for the full year. This performance was due to strong brand building, especially across the Cheerios franchise, which grew retail sales and market share in Q4 behind the success of its Heart Health messaging, and once again we launched the top two new products in the category for the quarter, with an Oats & Honey version of Cheerios Oat Crunch and Trix Trolls. On U.S. Snacks, we said we’d improve in fiscal ‘20 with a focus on bars and fruit snacks, and I’m pleased to say we achieved that goal. We drove 11% retail sales growth on fruit snacks behind increased capacity and exciting equities such as Disney’s Frozen 2, and we made important improvement in our Snack Bars market share throughout the year, including share growth in the fourth quarter, led by improved innovation, merchandising, and distribution for Nature Valley. In U.S. Yogurt, fiscal ‘20 retail sales declined 1%, largely in line with last year’s performance. Our core business performed very well, including retail sales growth of 5% on Original Style Yoplait and 8% on Go-Gurt. Our second-half innovation was particularly strong with Original Style Starburst and dairy-free Oui by Yoplait finishing as the two largest new items in the category in the second half. We continued to experience declines on the tail of our yogurt portfolio, including light and Greek varieties, but with a strong core and relative innovation making up a greater portion of our portfolio, we expect to see further improvements in our U.S. Yogurt sales as we go forward. Finally, we returned our Canadian operation unit to growth behind improved in-market execution, resulting in 60 basis points of share gains. As you will see on slide 11, North America Retail’s relentless focus on execution, coupled with our strong portfolio of leading brands, resulted in market share growth in 9 of our top 10 U.S. categories in the fourth quarter, and 7 out of 10 for the year. As I mentioned, our Pet segment continued to drive strong growth in fiscal ‘20, with all-channel BLUE retail sales up double-digits, resulting in another year of market share gains. Our consistent, strong investment behind brand awareness and pet parent education, combined with our successful expansion into additional Food, Drug, and Mass, or FDM, retail outlets, contributed to a nearly 2-point increase in household penetration. We remain delighted to have BLUE in the General Mills portfolio and we’re excited about the growth opportunities that lie ahead for the brand. Beyond accelerating organic growth, our two additional fiscal ‘20 priorities were to maintain our strong margins and reduce leverage. As you can see on slide 13, we beat those goals. We expanded our adjusted operating profit by 40 basis points to 17.3% of net sales. We delivered another strong year of holistic margin management savings at 5% of COGS, realized favorable price mix, managed our administrative costs efficiently, and capitalized on volume leverage. These efforts overcame 4% input cost inflation, a mid-teens increase in annual media investment, accelerated investments in our global capabilities, and incremental safety and operating costs due to COVID-19. We made tremendous progress on reducing our leverage, driven by earnings growth and excellent management of working capital. We closed the year at a 3.2 times net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA, significantly ahead of our fiscal ‘20 target. With that, I’ll transition it over to Kofi to take you through our fiscal ‘20 results and our 2021 financial assumptions. I’ll then come back at the end to highlight our fiscal ‘21 priorities and how we intend to win. Kofi, it’s over to you.
Kofi Bruce: Thanks, Jeff, and hello everyone. Let’s start with our fourth quarter financial results on slide 15. Net sales of $5 billion were up 21%, including a roughly 10-point benefit to reported net sales from calendar differences in Q4, including the 53rd week and the extra month of results in our Pet segment. Organic net sales grew 16% in the quarter, including the impact of elevated consumer demand driven by the COVID-19 pandemic as well as the extra month for Pet. Adjusted operating profit increased 24% in constant currency, primarily driven by higher net sales, partly offset by higher SG&A expenses, including a 39% increase in media investment. Adjusted diluted earnings per share totaled $1.10 in the quarter and grew 33% in constant currency, driven by higher adjusted operating profit, higher after-tax earnings from joint ventures, and a lower adjusted effective tax rate, partly offset by higher diluted shares outstanding. Slide 16 summarizes the components of our net sales growth in the quarter. Organic net sales were up 16%, with 12% growth in organic pound volume and 3 points of favorable organic price mix. Foreign exchange was a 2-point drag in the quarter, and the 53rd week contributed 7 points to net sales growth. Now, let’s turn to segment results, beginning with North America Retail on slide 17. Fourth quarter organic net sales were up 28%, with growth in all five operating units led by U.S. Meals and Baking and U.S. Cereal. For the full year, organic net sales were up 6%. As Jeff mentioned, we competed effectively in-market in Q4, with share gains in 9 of our top 10 U.S. categories. Fourth quarter U.S. retail sales increased 37%, which was ahead of organic sales growth driven by a reduction in customer inventory as our retail partners worked to fulfill elevated demand. Fourth quarter constant currency segment operating profit increased 69%, primarily driven by higher volume, partly offset by higher SG&A expenses, including a significant increase in media investment. And full year segment operating profit grew 15% in constant currency. Organic net sales for our Pet segment increased 37% in the quarter, including the impact of an extra month of results in this year’s quarter as we shifted the segment’s calendar from an April to a May fiscal year-end to align with our corporate calendar and other segments. Pet’s fourth quarter net sales performance compared against a 38% pro forma growth in last year’s Q4, driven by a significant distribution expansion into Food, Drug and Mass. Fiscal ‘20 all-channel retail sales were up double digits, led by significant growth in FDM. For the full year, Pet segment organic net sales increased 18%. On the bottom line, fourth quarter segment operating profit grew 23%, driven by net sales growth, partly offset by higher SG&A expenses. Full-year segment operating profit grew 46%, including strong underlying growth as well as the comparison against a $53 million purchase accounting inventory adjustment a year ago. Turning to Convenience Stores & Foodservice on slide 19, organic net sales declined 29% in the quarter, driven by significantly reduced demand in away-from-home channels. We saw reduced foot traffic across key channels with significant double-digit traffic declines in Schools, Lodging, and Restaurants. And Convenience Stores also saw a double-digit decline in foot traffic. We continued to compete effectively even as channel demand slowed. In fact, we grew market share in our key measured channels in the fourth quarter, and for the full year organic net sales were down 9%. Segment operating profit was down 67% in the quarter and down 20% for the full year, driven by lower net sales. In Europe & Australia, fourth quarter organic sales increased 4%, primarily driven by increased at-home food demand for our Mexican Food and Baking products categories, partially offset by declines in away-from-home channels. As Jeff alluded to earlier, because our portfolio mix in this segment includes roughly 40% of net sales in Yogurt, sizeable businesses in Ice Cream and Snack Bars, and nearly 10% of net sales to foodservice channels, the impact of elevated at-home food demand was considerably less than in our North America Retail segment, which has a much larger portion of net sales in Meals, Baking, and Cereal categories. In terms of fourth quarter in-market performance, retail sales were up double digits for Mexican Food, Ice Cream, and Baking products and were up mid single digits for Yogurt. For the full year, Europe & Australia organic net sales were down 1%. Fourth quarter segment operating profit declined 14% in constant currency, driven by higher SG&A expenses, partially offset by higher net sales. Full year constant currency segment operating profit declined 3%, driven by higher input costs and lower volume, partially offset by positive price mix. In Asia & Latin America, fourth quarter organic net sales declined 7%. In Asia, net sales were down double digits, driven by reduced traffic in foodservice outlets and Haagen-Dazs Shops. This headwind was partially offset by double-digit net sales growth on Wanchai Ferry dumplings in China. Importantly, we saw traffic in our China shops improve over the course of Q4, from down 90% year-over-year in February to down roughly 15% in May. Net sales in Latin America were up mid-single digits in the quarter, driven by double-digit growth on Yoki meals and snacks in Brazil. For the full year, Asia & Latin America organic net sales were down 2%. Fourth quarter segment operating profit declined $47 million to a loss of $24 million, driven by net sales decline on the segment’s higher-margin businesses, as well as higher SG&A expenses. Of note, Haagen-Dazs shops have a significant fixed cost structure and we expect the segment’s profit margins will improve as economies further reopen and shop traffic is restored. For the full year, segment operating profit decreased 73% in constant currency. Slide 22 summarizes our joint venture results in the fourth quarter. Cereal Partners Worldwide posted top line growth for the seventh consecutive quarter, with constant currency net sales up 13%, including the impact of increased at-home food demand due to the pandemic. CPW’s growth was broad-based, led by Brazil, UK, Australia, and the continental Europe region. CPW continued to compete effectively, including gaining market share leadership in its continental Europe region and in Brazil. Haagen-Dazs Japan net sales declined 13% in constant currency, driven by lower volume. Fourth quarter combined after-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $34 million, up 68% from a year ago, driven primarily by CPW’s volume growth, positive price mix, and the phasing of brand investment. Turning to total Company margin results. Fourth quarter adjusted gross margin increased 80 basis points, driven by favorable price mix, including growth from higher margin North America Retail and Pet segments, and strong HMM savings more than offsetting COGS inflation, partially offset by increased supply chain costs related to COVID-19. Full year adjusted gross margin was also up 80 basis points. Adjusted operating profit margin in the quarter increased 40 basis points, driven by the increase in adjusted gross margin, partially offset by higher SG&A expenses, including media investment. As Jeff mentioned, full year adjusted operating profit margin increased 40 basis points to 17.3% of net sales. Slide 24 summarizes other noteworthy Q4 income statement items. Unallocated corporate expenses including certain items affecting comparability increased by $91 million in the quarter, driven by higher compensation and benefits expenses. Net interest expense decreased $6 million, driven by lower average debt balances. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 19.1% compared to 20.6% a year ago, driven by certain discrete tax benefits in fiscal ‘20 and a more favorable mix of earnings by market. Average diluted shares outstanding were up 1% in the quarter. Our full year financial results are outlined on slide 25. Net sales of $17.6 billion increased 5%, including approximately 2.5 points of growth from the combination of the 53rd week and the extra month for the Pet segment. Organic net sales increased 4%, including an estimated 3 points of growth from the impact of COVID-19. Adjusted operating profit for the year totaled slightly more than $3 billion, up 7% in constant currency driven by higher net sales, partially offset by higher SG&A expenses, including a 15% increase in media investment. Fiscal ‘20 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.61 were up 12% in constant currency, primarily driven by higher adjusted operating profit, lower net interest expense, a lower adjusted effective tax rate, higher non-service benefit plan income, and higher adjusted after-tax JV earnings, partially offset by higher average diluted shares outstanding. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, full-year operating cash flow totaled $3.7 billion, up 31% from the prior year, primarily driven by changes in current assets and liabilities tied to core working capital, as well as higher net earnings. The increase in operating cash flow included both structural improvements as well as timing benefits related to COVID-19-driven volume increases in Q4. We expect these timing benefits will largely unwind in fiscal ‘21. Our core working capital balance totaled negative $206 million, down $591 million from a year ago, driven by increases in accounts payable from continued terms extension and increased spend to service demand, as well as lower inventory balances stemming from ongoing reduction efforts and from servicing higher demand in Q4. We expect the portion of core working capital improvements tied to elevated fourth quarter demand to largely unwind in fiscal ‘21. Capital investments for fiscal ‘20 totaled $461 million. Full year free cash flow totaled $3.2 billion, up 42% from a year ago, and free cash flow conversion was 143% for the full year. The strong free cash flow performance enabled us to pay $1.2 billion in dividends, reduce debt by nearly $1 billion, and end the year with a leverage ratio of 3.2 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA, which was well ahead of our original goal of 3.5 times. Turning to fiscal ‘21, we’ve outlined some key topline assumptions on slide 27. The largest factor impacting our performance this year will be relative balance of at-home versus away-from-home consumer food demand. This balance will be determined by factors such as consumers’ ability and willingness to eat in restaurants, the proportion of people working from home, the reopening of schools, and changes in consumers’ income levels. While the pandemic has significantly influenced each of these factors in recent months, the magnitude and duration of its future impact remains highly uncertain. We expect consumer concerns about COVID-19 virus transmission and the potential for a protracted recession will drive some level of elevated food demand at-home this year, relative to pre-pandemic levels. We are tracking factors such as the level of virus control and potential for a resurgence, the availability of a vaccine, GDP growth, unemployment rates, consumer confidence, and wage growth to assess the level and length of this elevated at-home food demand. One consideration we know with certainty is that calendar differences, namely the comparison against the 53rd week and the extra month of Pet results in Q4 of fiscal ‘20 will reduce full year fiscal ‘21 net sales growth by approximately 2.5 points. Between the calendar differences and the significant surge in demand we saw last quarter, we expect F21 fourth quarter net sales to be down materially year-over-year. We’ve outlined some important fiscal ‘21 financial assumptions on slide 28. We expect this to be a dynamic year, and we will need to maintain our agility to service demand and manage our expenses. Our objective is to maintain margins roughly in line with fiscal ‘20 levels. We expect to deliver HMM savings of approximately 4% Cost of Goods, while input cost inflation is expected to total approximately 3% of COGS. We also expect to incur meaningful incremental costs to service elevated demand, and we plan to further step up investments in brand-building and growth-driving capabilities. Below the line, we expect net interest expense of approximately $430 million, an adjusted effective tax rate roughly in line with the fiscal ‘20 rate, and full year average diluted shares outstanding to increase by about 1%. And as Jeff mentioned, we expect to make further progress on lowering our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio. With that, I’ll hand it back to Jeff to close our prepared remarks with our fiscal ‘21 priorities.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks, Kofi. Let me reiterate our key priorities for fiscal ‘21 outlined on slide 29. First, while consumer demand will depend largely on external factors, we will focus on what we can control: namely, to compete effectively everywhere we play. We expect that continuing to demonstrate superior execution will lead to increased brand penetration, competitive service levels, strengthened customer partnerships, and market share gains in our key categories. Second, we will drive efficiency to fuel investment, leveraging our HMM initiatives and volume leverage to fund increased spending on our brands and capabilities, higher costs to service demand, and higher ongoing health and safety expenses. Finally, we will reduce our leverage to increase our financial flexibility. To achieve our fiscal ‘21 priorities, we will need to focus across the enterprise in several key areas including brand building, innovation, and strategic capabilities. Bold brand-building is the lifeblood of a consumer products company, and we have plans in fiscal ‘21 to advance our efforts to meet consumers where they are with purpose-driven brands. For example, we will build on our successful Cheerios Hearts campaign, which features the Heart Healthy benefits of Cheerios through compelling marketing and in-store merchandising. On Pillsbury refrigerated cookie dough, we’re renovating the entire line to be safe to eat raw. We’ll drive consumer awareness of this exciting news through media and in-store support, starting this summer. In Pet, we will continue to invest behind our BLUE brand to drive increased household penetration through compare and decide advertising, and we’re launching new advertising to strengthen awareness for our treat portfolio. In our Haagen-Dazs, our newest global Don’t Hold Back campaign is designed to encourage consumers to create a new kind of extraordinary moment by letting go and being truly present while enjoying the premium quality of Haagen-Dazs ice cream. Turning to innovation, I have seen us move and innovate faster in recent months than ever before. In fiscal ‘21 we will continue to innovate across all aspects of our business, our existing businesses, creating new business, how we work, and how we go to market. Even in a time of uncertainty, we know consumer news and innovation remains critical to our business, so we are planning to bring high-quality new products to market this year, even if quantity may be lower than in years past. For example, in U.S. Snacks we are launching a new Nature Valley Packed sustained energy bar, made from nuts, seeds, and fruit and available in Almond Butter & Blueberry and Peanut Butter & Cranberry varieties. In U.S. Yogurt, we have a number of new items coming to market in the first half, including Ratio Keto Yogurt, a Keto-friendly yogurt with 1 gram of sugar, 2 grams of carbs, 15 grams of protein and 15 grams of fat available in five different flavors including strawberry, black cherry, and coconut. In Europe and Australia, we’re launching Old El Paso tortilla pockets, supported by “It’s Not Rocket Science, It’s Pocket Science” campaign, bringing more convenience and fun to the category and encouraging consumers to add one more taco night to their routine. In Pet, we’ll continue to benefit from new products like Cat Bursts that launched in the past three months, and we look forward to an exciting second-half innovation line-up focused on expanding our portfolio of wet food and treats. And we have innovation across many other categories, including new varieties of Cheerios and Lucky Charms, premium versions of Wanchai Ferry dumplings, a new line of Progresso Toppers soups, Pillsbury heat-and-eat cinnamon rolls, decadent Haagen-Dazs fruit varieties, and new Takis line of Totino’s Hot Snacks and many more. In addition to brand building and innovation, we plan to leverage our scale in fiscal ‘21 through enterprise capabilities like ecommerce, data and analytics, HMM, strategic revenue management, and food safety and quality that create competitive advantages for General Mills. For example, we drove nearly 50% growth in ecommerce net sales in fiscal ‘20, including accelerated growth in the fourth quarter as consumers increasingly turned to this channel for their shopping needs. We pivoted to meet consumers where they were shopping by adapting content on our food websites, such as Bettycrocker.com, to encourage cooking education and drive stronger ecommerce sales. We’ll build on this in fiscal ‘21 by further investing in ecommerce and adapting our plans for growth. As we shared at CAGNY in February, we are also investing behind data and analytics, building a dedicated team with unique skills to unlock significant data-driven opportunities for our business. In fiscal ‘21, we’ll leverage tools to enhance our global sourcing capabilities and drive efficiencies in procurement. We’ll use analytics to amplify our strategic revenue management efforts to unlock price/mix opportunities. And we’ll leverage data to personalize our communication and offers to consumers, including utilizing our recently digitized Box Tops for Education campaign. I’ll close our remarks today with a few thoughts. I am proud of the way we kept our focus on our people and our consumers and delivered superior execution, leading to an outstanding year in fiscal ‘20, and we’ve established priorities for fiscal ‘21 that will ensure we deliver competitive performance in the short term, while continuing to advance our long-term goals. In summary, I’m confident General Mills will emerge from the pandemic a stronger company in a position to generate consistent, profitable growth and top-tier returns for our shareholders. Thank you for your time this morning. This concludes our prepared remarks. I invite you to listen to our live question-and-answer webcast, which will begin at 8:00 a.m. Central Time this morning and will be available for replay at generalmills.com.
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call. Through the presentation all participants are in listen only mode. Afterwards we’ll conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, July 1, 2020. Now, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Siemon. Please go right ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Tommy and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us for our Q&A session on our fourth quarter results and full year results this morning. I hope everyone had time to review our press release, listen to our prepared remarks and view our presentation materials, which are available on our Investor Relations website. It’s also important to note that in our Q&A session this morning, we may make forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions, including facts and assumptions related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our fiscal ‘21 outlook. Please refer to this morning’s press release for factors that could impact forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of non-GAAP information, which may be discussed on today’s call. I’m here virtually with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; Kofi Bruce, our CFO and Jon Nudi, Group President of North America Retail. We’re holding this call from different locations. So, hopefully our technology cooperates and everything goes smoothly. With that let’s go ahead and get to the first question. Tommy, can you please get us started?
Operator: Absolutely. Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we’ll proceed with our first question on the line, it’s from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning everybody. And thanks very much for all the change in the earnings release format this morning, very helpful.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Maybe to start, I was hoping to focus on sort of the underlying business momentum, if I could, and I know it’s a little harder to get at now, obviously, given everything that’s going on. But, I think on the third quarter call, the General Mills had said that excluding the pandemic impact, it would be at the low end of its full year organic sales growth range of 1% to 2%, and I think that Blue Buffalo coming into the base adds about a point. So, I guess underlying business trends, at least as of 3Q roughly call it flattish your expectation for the year. So, my question was, again, excluding the pandemic, I guess, would General Mills have been considering fiscal ‘21 to kind of still be somewhat of an incremental reinvestment year to really shore up sort of organic growth and build on the recent improvements you’ve seen in categories like snack bars and yogurt and things like that.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Andrew, your math is right on that. And as I said before, we try to stay in the middle of both, and one of the ways we do that is by continuing to reinvest in our business. And you see the results in the fourth quarter included a pretty significant step up on our marketing spending. And actually we think our strength at the beginning of June, especially in North America Retail is due to the fact that we are spending money on marketing because our promotion levels were actually down in June and our growth is still double digits. And so, we believe in investment and marketing and you saw that in the fourth quarter, and you’ll see that again in fiscal ‘21. You’ll also see investments for us and capabilities, particularly on the data and analytics side to drive both, our sales growth, things like ecommerce and strategic revenue management as well as cost savings projects like procurement. And so, whether COVID or not, we had planned to reinvest some of the earnings growth back into sustained top line sales growth, and that is our plan going into next year, currently.
Andrew Lazar: And then, I guess, lastly, it’s really on inventory, specifically at the consumer pantry level. I think in today’s release, you mentioned that there is the potential for sort of pantry inventory draw-downs moving forward. And I’m curious if this is simply a pet food comment, which I think would make a very good -- make sense, or a broader portfolio comment. Because to me, because it seems that consumers have been both, consuming and replenishing, a lot of your center store products rather than stocking up. So, I’m just curious if that’s something that you’re already starting to see or anticipate in fiscal ‘21 or more of a broader just, “hey at some point, just given how strong shipments have been, we should just keep an eye on for this,” if you get what I’m asking?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So Andrew, let me answer broadly and then -- specifically on Pet, and then I’ll have Jon Nudi answer more specifically on North America Retail. Broadly, as you can see in the strength of the Nielsen data on the human food side, month to month to month, while there certainly was a stock up in March, and you can see that in the data, consumers are clearly still buying and eating through the stock that they have on hand. And so, that is consistent with what we thought would happen at the beginning of the quarter when we saw the stock up, and in fact, it happened throughout the quarter and again, continues into June with some double-digit growth on the human food side of the business. On pet food, we saw something different. And again, consistent with what we expected, which is given that pets don’t eat a tremendous amount at restaurants, we thought that there would be -- when we saw the stock up in March, people were asking us, is this because there is a lot of dogs coming out of shelters? And the answer is no, people are just stocking up. And we expect that to reverse in April and May, and largely it has reversed in April and May. There may be a little bit more to unwind as we begin our new fiscal year in the pet food category. But, a lot of that has unwound already. And so, what we see in pet is different than what we see in the human food side, which -- both of which we expected. And Jon Nudi, anything specific you’d like to add on that?
Jon Nudi: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, Andrew. So, maybe I’ll touch on consumer inventory levels or pantry levels. I’m sure a question on many people’s minds too, just customer inventory levels, and maybe I’ll go there as well. So, from a consumer standpoint, at least in North America, we believe that the majority of the product that we’ve moved to consumers has been consumed. We do believe that consumers are keeping slightly higher levels of inventory in their pantry, but we do expect that to continue. Obviously, as it’s a really dynamic environment with a pandemic still raging across the country. From a customer standpoint, we did see a drawdown in customer inventories over Q4. I guess just to quantify it, so for Q4 our organic growth was 28%. Our movement was higher though in the U.S., so it was up 37% and Canada was up 20%. And really, that difference was all driven by retailers pulling down inventories, obviously trying to keep products on the shelf. We would expect that to come back at some point in fiscal ‘21. At this point, we don’t have a great idea of when or to what extent it will come back, but definitely we saw retailers pull down inventories during Q4.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from the line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Go right ahead with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. And I second Andrew’s comments. I do like this format. So, hopefully we’ll keep it going ahead. I did want to ask two questions if I can. First, you mentioned some headwinds to your operating margin in fiscal ‘21. You talked about some higher input costs, supply chain costs, spending on brands and capabilities and COVID-related costs. Is it possible to sort of bucket or rank order these just so we kind of get a sense of which are going to be the bigger headwinds and which are going to be maybe some of the smaller ones?
Jeff Harmening: Kofi, do you want to field that one.
Kofi Bruce: Yes, absolutely. So, I think a great question and good morning. As you look at these, we would reference, first is we’re coming out of our Q4. We did see higher operating costs as well as COVID related costs. The split between those two is roughly we had about a $100 million in higher sort of COVID related costs, I would say. The split between those two is two-thirds, one-third, with two-thirds being comprised of the operating costs, things such as accruing external supply chain, trucking premiums, and then on the other side, the wellness costs, everything from personal protective equipment, wellness policies. So, we would expect that to be a continued headwind as we step into F21, as a portion of those costs will continue. Obviously, we can’t quantify that because a lot of that will be tied to the pandemic, the pace of the virus spread and obviously the pace of demand to the extent that the operating costs are directly tied to our ability to source product. Does that get at your question?
Ken Goldman: Yes. That’s perfect. I’ll follow up with more details later, but that’s helpful. For a quick follow-up, we’ve heard some rumblings in the industry that maybe some retailers will get a little bit more aggressive on pricing in the back half of the calendar year, just to help out some of the consumers that may start to struggle more as unemployment lasts longer and perhaps some of the stimulus checks fade. And I’m just curious, if you’re hearing anything similar. It doesn’t necessarily make sense for me, for retailers to be pulling down prices right now. I’m not sure in an environment where there’s out of stock, that’s the most logical maneuver, but I’m just curious if you’re hearing anything along those lines that you can share with us or whether that’s misguided. 
Jeff Harmening: So, Jon Nudi, do you want to field that?
Jon Nudi: Sure. So, good morning, Ken. In terms of promotional support, obviously, in Q4 we saw retailers pull back in promotion as the focus was on keeping products in stock. As we moved into May and early June, we saw our proportional levels get back to more normal levels in most of our categories. And as we look to plan through the rest of the year, we’re planning on normal levels. So, we have not really been faced with any asks for deep discounts or deep promotional pricing. The one thing I would add is, I mean, there are certain categories that we are constrained from a supply chain standpoint and capacity standpoint. So, even if there was a desire to go harder from a promotional standpoint, we just don’t have the capacity to do that. So, I think that’s the main limiting factor across many of our categories. So, I guess to answer your question specifically, we have not had those discussions and even if they come, we’re going to be limited with what we can do.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you very much. We’ll get to our next question on the line. It’s from Chris Growe from Stifel. Go right ahead with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning. And I will third that, if that’s the right word for appreciating the new format. So, thank you for that as well. I do want to ask in terms of the decision not to provide guidance for the year. You have given a lot of components and things that help us get there, if you will. But -- and I know that there’s a lot of volatility in the business, no doubt. As I think about giving an indication of roughly a flat operating margin for the year, I’m just curious, as you look at the volatility of the business sort of where you get that confidence? Is that the way you’re going to manage the business this year? Is that you have a good sense of kind of where sales will shake out and therefore you’ve been able to give the confidence in that operating margin outlook for the year? Just curious how you think about that?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Thanks, Chris. This is Jeff Harmening. I’m glad you asked that. First, I guess, I’d like to start by saying, the fact that we didn’t issue formal financial guidance is not a reflection of conservatism and is not a reflection of lack of confidence. It’s actually an understanding that a big determinant of how much we grow this coming year will be how the pandemic plays out, and that is highly uncertain as it relates to the duration and depth of the pandemic. So, I don’t want anyone on the call to read into it that it’s a lack of confidence or actually conservatism. In fact, we think our business will grow over the first three quarters relative to what it was pre-pandemic levels. And that’s because now we’re in a period where people are still staying at home, they’re working from home, many restaurants are either closed or people don’t want to visit. And to a question that Ken Goldman asked earlier, we think that’ll be followed by a recession. And if you look back to the last recession, General Mills performed quite well. And so, we think there’ll be an environment where we’ll be able to grow for the first three quarters followed by a fourth quarter comparison. Obviously, that’ll be very, very difficult. The other thing I guess to highlight is that our confidence stems from the fact that we’ve executed really well. We are -- we’re confident that we will emerge from the pandemic in the last few months as a stronger company. And as witnessed by our share growth in 9 of our top 10 categories in the U.S. by being the third fastest grower in Europe and leading share growth in our categories in Europe and growing in our categories in Brazil, and growing Wanchai Ferry double digits in China. So, I think -- hopefully what’ll hear is a company that is confident that the things that we can control we have a good visibility to. And I would say on top of that our marketing is particularly good right now, whether it’s North America Retail and anything like Honey Nut Cheerios, or we were very bullish on Pet and continue to be bullish on Pet after posting another year of double digit retail sales growth, and 18% reported net sales growth in the year. So that’s kind of where we -- that’s where we stand. The reason we didn’t provide guidance was because the environment is so unpredictable with the pandemic. That’s why.
Chris Growe: That’s a good answer. Thank you for that. Just a quick follow on to that. So, you talked about generating efficiencies to incrementally invest in the business in fiscal ‘21. You have H&M savings coming through around 4% of cost of goods sold. You got inflation around 3%. Is that the gap that you hope or part of what you hope to reinvest? And is it -- if we think about generating efficiencies, is that incremental to what you expect for H&M right now? You hope to have even more savings to reinvest? Just want to see if you can kind of frame that opportunity?
Jeff Harmening: So, Kofi, why don’t I leave that one to you?
Kofi Bruce: Sure, absolutely. Hey, Chris. How are you? We are expecting to reinvest a portion of that gap in capabilities. But, as you can imagine, and to my earlier question to Ken, I think the challenging operating in this environment is that demand, and demand for at-home food is probably the single hardest thing to predict. And so, we will be focused on managing the middle of our P&L, so that we can deal with the potentially higher operating costs. And so, as -- we think right now we have that balanced, we think the capabilities investment will help us advance our long-term goals. I don’t want to quantify those for competitive reasons, but they’re meaningful enough for us to continue to make progress on our capabilities. So, I hope that gets at your question.
Chris Growe: It does. Thanks so much for that color.
Operator: Next question on the line from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Firstly, on the incentive compensation, I assume that was a fairly big step up this quarter given the strength. I was wondering if you were able to roughly quantify how much that inflated the SG&A line this time around. And then, thinking out through fiscal ‘21, how does incentive compensation work for next fiscal year, if there’s no guidance and no formal sort of goals at this point? And then, my follow-up question is you mentioned as one of your goals, the desire to reduce leverage further to increase financial flexibility. Does that mean that your M&A pipeline is that -- or you’re actively out there looking for potential deals? And if so, in which areas are you perhaps looking most closely to do that? Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: So, Kofi, let me -- I’ll have you field those series of questions from Alexia. 
Kofi Bruce: I would say -- let me start first with incentive. And I would say, it is a big driver obviously in the quarter in our SG&A line. So, it is obviously tailwind this year -- excuse me, headwind this year, and we would expect it to be a tailwind next year. Obviously, I can’t go into a tremendous amount of detail, but just know that we will be effectively setting our targets based upon a dynamic environment and all companies are dealing with this, but we would expect based on everything we know right now for this to be a tailwind. All things being equal on leverage, we’re pleased with the progress we’ve made on debt leverage. I think, at the start of the Blue Buffalo acquisition about two years ago, we had a target to get down to 3.5 times. By the end of this fiscal year, we are at 3.2 times. So, we’re pleased to be slightly ahead of schedule and on pace to get to our long-term goal of three times. I think at that point, then we will start to look at resuming our normal capital allocation policies with the first priority being focused on increasing the dividend rate.
Jeff Siemon: Alexia, this is Jeff Siemon. I’ll just add a quick color on the incentive piece. We always plan versus our internal plan and incentive at the beginning of the year would be 100 payout. If we beat our plan, that’s a headwind in the in the year, but obviously good news for our shareholders as we would have exceeded our goals. That’s what played out in ‘20. We have an internal plan for fiscal ‘21. And so assuming we deliver that plan, we’d be paying out less than we did in ‘20. But, obviously, if we beat our plan, that could change.
Operator: We’ll go to our next question on the line from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: So, Jeff or may be Jon, obviously, a large step up in consumer demand in any retail post-COVID. There’s obviously some increased trial there. Can you spend some time discussing how much of the higher demand was due to new trial of your products based on your consumer survey work and bring new customers in? And as you look going forward longer term, your ability to potentially hold on to those customers and what the strategies would be do so?
Jeff Harmening: So, let me start with this question and then I’ll pass it over to Jon Nudi to provide some added detail. One of the things I’m most proud of our company over the last three months, especially in North America Retail is that we have gained penetration across all of our categories. And if you look at 52 weeks, which is even a better way to look at it, all but maybe one category, we’ve increased household penetration, which has a highest correlation to growth. And so, I’m really pleased with what our team’s been able to do. Obviously, it varies by category. So, Jon Nudi, do you want to provide any color or any insights?
Jon Nudi: Yes, absolutely. So, I guess when you look at penetration, we do believe it’s important to take a longer view. So, as Jeff mentioned, we look over 52 weeks versus pre-pandemic levels. We grew penetration at the majority of our categories. Importantly too, we outpaced our categories in terms of our performance and the penetration we are growing. The highest growth in penetration were in areas -- in our meals and baking areas or things like Soup, Pillsbury Refrigerated Baked Goods, desserts and flours. And we saw some significant gains. And for us 2 points of penetration equals about 2.5 million U.S. households. So, again, it’s significant. And importantly too, it’s -- when you look at it a year ago, we grew penetration in 7 of our top 10 categories. So, again, it’s not just prior to the pandemic. Versus a year ago, we’re growing overall in majority of our categories. And we’re starting to look at repeat, I’d say still early days, and again, we need a bit more time to really understand that. But repeat amongst our new households is strongest and really outpacing the categories as well. And what’s exciting to us again, our highest repeat rates are in things like Cheerios, the franchise -- Cheerios franchise, Pillsbury RBG, desserts, Annie’s Mac and Cheese; and Old El Paso. So, we worked hard over the last decade frankly to really improve our products, whether that’s improving ingredient deck, making sure that they tasted the best way possible it could. And we think that new consumers are trying out for the first time are coming back after many years, and finding a better experience. We think that’ll bode well for us as we move into fiscal ‘21 and beyond.
Jeff Harmening: And I would like to add on to Jon’s comments. So, everything that Jon said about North America Retail is also true for all of our categories in Europe, as well as our Wanchai Ferry business in China. We saw significant penetration and gains, as well as our at-home business in Brazil, which is the vast majority of our Brazilian business. And so, whether you look at North America Retail or Europe or China or Brazil, our major markets, we’ve experienced, strong penetration gains in all of our at-home businesses.
Dara Mohsenian: And then, can you also touch on ecommerce performance in the quarter and the changes you’ve made in that business to take advantage of higher channel growth online from a category perspective going forward?
Jeff Harmening: Well if we -- sure. If we look at ecommerce broadly across the Company, it’s roughly 9% of our sales. As we enter -- as we exit the fourth quarter with a significant increase. And in all of our geographies, and the vast majority of our categories, we over index online versus bricks-and-mortar. And there are two reasons for that. One is that, we’ve been investing in ecommerce for a number of years. And the second is that we have really good brands and we have a lot of the biggest brands. And when you’re shopping online, those are the brands that tend to do well. And so, for both of those reasons, we have seen outsized growth in e-commerce over this period as we look globally. It’s been particularly acute in the U.S. And Jon Nudi, do you want to comment a little bit on what we’ve seen in terms of U.S growth in ecommerce?
Jon Nudi: Yes. Sure, Jeff. So, specifically for the U.S., we saw a 250% increase in our ecommerce business in Q4. Importantly, now almost 50% of all U.S., households have purchased food and beverage products over the last year. So, again, that’s a significant step up over about seven points versus prior year from a penetration standpoint. Probably the biggest limiter in terms of why the growth couldn’t have been even higher is just retailers and their capacity to really deliver to consumers’ homes, and even click and collect the number of slots that they had. So we’re working with our retail partners to make sure that we optimize our ecommerce business with them, increasingly really connecting into their data and making sure that we take an omni-channel approach to making sure whether the customer wants to shop in the store or shop online, we’re seeing consistent campaigns and then really working from a supply chain standpoint as well and make sure that we can deliver products to our consumers -- to our customers, ultimately get it to our consumers. So, we’re exciting about ecommerce. And as Jeff mentioned we’ve been working on this for multiple years, and it’s really paying off. In the U.S. alone, we have a 1 ton index to bricks-and-mortar. So again, to the extent we sell more online, that’s good for us.
Operator: Thank you very much. We’ll get to our next question on the line from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Go right ahead.
John Baumgartner: Jeff or maybe Jon, I wanted to ask about product mix. You had a drag in Q4 from the comp at Buff and the composition of a tonnage at NAR. But, if you step back and think more structurally, one of the things we hear from investors that there isn’t any pricing power in food. But, to the extent that the innovation is on trend, you’re margining up already with new products at Buff, and in Snacks Yogurt, how do you think about your capacity to capture stronger mix on a consistent basis across your portfolio in a COVID world, even if you have the flexibility to move list prices may not be ideal?
Jeff Harmening: So, as we think about as a company, what you saw is positive price mix in the fourth quarter, because we sold a lot more through North America Retail, and we sold a lot more through pet food. And so, to the extent that we keep growing in Pet and we certainly plan to do that, and we see elevated demand in North America Retail, that actually bodes pretty well for price mix as we think about it on a Company level. It gets more complicated when you look within a geography. But let me have John Nudi answer how it has played out in North America Retail over the last quarter, because it’s important, but it’s complicated when you look at it.
Jon Nudi: When you look at price mix, we look at it in two pays, one in the P&L, which is done on a per pound basis, and then also in Nielsen, which is on a per unit basis and saw some very different things in Q4, if you look at those different ways. So from a P&L standpoint, for the first three quarters, our price mix is actually flat. And again, that’s on a per pound basis. In Q4, to your point, it was down 7 points. So, it was a significant drag, but it was 100% driven by mix as we sold heavier products, so things like soup, desserts and flour, as well as larger size packs as consumers really moved that way. When you look at Nielsen, though, on a per unit basis, we actually saw an increase in price mix in Q4, really driven by less promotion and favorable customer mix. So, we feel like there is some pricing power out there. And one of the things again we worked hard at over the last few years is strategic revenue management, really building a toolbox that allows us to have a different levers to pull given the environment. So, I think as we look towards fiscal ‘21, you likely see less list pricing, just as inflation won’t warrant, it will be obviously competitive environment and value will matter. But things like price pack architecture and mix will be things that we focus on. And the good news again, having that out this a while, we got a pipeline of our ideas and our toolbox that we’ll be able to execute against. So we continue to expect to drive pricing mix in fiscal ‘21. It’ll probably just look a little different than how we drove in fiscal ‘20.
John Baumgartner: I guess just to build on that and maybe come back to Jeff, thinking about Blue Buffalo. I mean some of the price per pound premiums on the new products in wet and treats have been pretty sizable versus the base portfolio. Is there anything you’re seeing out there where there’s an elasticity for consumers or kind of a pushback on pricing, or do you feel though, there’s still runway to go with the next premiumization as long as the innovation is on trend.
Jeff Harmening: With regard to pet, I mean, we think there’s a ways to go. And if you look at the growth of the pet category -- first of all, the pet category is growing mid-single digits and is primarily on pricing. And the part of the category that’s growing the fastest is the premium part of the category. So, we certainly think there is a place to play there. And Blue Buffalo we believe is the best equity in that premium space. And I think our growth over the last couple of years would add some credence to that. We also know that people care deeply about their pets, and especially in a time of high anxiety, which I think under any circumstance you could qualify this as a time of high anxiety. People rely on the pets and the last thing I want to do is cheat their pets and the source of comfort. So, what we see in the marketplace, whether it’s through recession or whether it’s through a time like this is that one of the last things that people are interested in skimping on are their pets. And so, they don’t do that. And we see that being played on the market right now.
Operator: Thank you very much. We’ll get to next question on the line from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Go right ahead.
Jason English: Hi. Good morning, folks. Thank you for sliding me in. And congrats to you and your team for navigating this very turbulent situation, especially kudos to your supply chain. I believe this is very challenging for them. My questions, I guess we just closed on pets. So, maybe we could pick it back up there. There’s obviously a lot of noise in reported results this quarter because of what you’re comping and the extra days. Can you give us a beat on how retail sales are tracking across all channels in the quarter? And what you’re seeing so far as we roll into the new fiscal year?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So, thanks Jason. And I appreciate the support for how we’ve executed the last quarter. We feel really good about it. As you said, our supply chain has held up remarkably well. And we’ve driven those supply chain gains all the way through our sales organization to our customers and feel very good about how we’ve service the business and service demand in the time when people really need it. When we look at Blue Buffalo, let me take a step back. For the year, we reported net sales 18%. Through three quarters, we were up 11%. And in the last quarter of the year, we believe that our retail sales were up somewhere in the high single digit range. And so, for the year, we had guided 8% to 10% like for like growth and we’re confident we exceeded that somewhere about the 12% range. So, for the year, we over-delivered on what we said we would. We feel great about that. In the fourth quarter, you’re right, there is a ton of noise. The retail sales look like they’re up high-single-digits. And again, that’s still share leading growth for the category, a category that’s mid-single-digit. So, we’re really pleased, even amongst the noise, with our performance on Blue Buffalo in the fourth quarter.
Jason English: And turning back to your North America Retail portfolio, as we look at the Nielsen data, your TDPs are down a lot. Your average items per store are down a lot as they are across the industry. And we’ve heard from a lot of different companies about SKU rationalization, streamlining portfolios to really maximize capacity. Can you touch on how much streamlining you’ve accomplished? And how much of that streamline you think you’d be able to sustain or when, if at all, do you think you’re going to start to layer back on those products?
Jeff Harmening: So, Jon Nudi, why don’t you take that and maybe touch on, not only the streamlining of distribution, but maybe a couple other actions we’ve taken to help make our supply chain more efficient?
Jon Nudi: Yes. Obviously, if you look at distribution in Nielsen, it’s a bit of a wild picture right now. There is out of stocks and other things happening as well. I guess, if you think about our business and we compete across 24 different categories. The majority of our categories from a capacity standpoint and a service standpoint, we’re in a pretty good shape at this point. Our supply chain has done a terrific job, keeping our plants running and keeping it safe importantly for our employees, and obviously for our consumers with the food. So, the majority of our categories, we’re back up to pretty healthy service levels and haven’t seen a decrease from a distribution standpoint with our retailers. There was a trend prior to pandemic with retailers really cutting back on the number of SKUs and categories, giving more facings to higher churning SKUs, and that was really driven by ecommerce, and click and collect, and obviously having shelf capacity to service that business. We expect to see that continue. Now, we have a few categories that we have capacity constraints, soup being one of them, desserts being another one. And we’ve temporarily withdrawn a significant number of items. So, in soup, progressive soup, we pre-pandemic had something like 80 items, and now we’re down to somewhere around 50. We to expect phase -- start phasing some of those back in as we move through the first half of the year. And frankly, some of them probably won’t come back. So, again, I think we will take the opportunity to make sure that we have an efficient portfolio and one that works for us and works for our consumers. Variety is important though, when you think about soup, everyone’s got their favorite soup flavors. So, again we have to work through that as well. So, we feel good about where we are from a distribution standpoint, one of the things that -- the metric that we look at is shared distribution, because again, we do expect total distribution points to decrease as we throughout the year. And we exited the year really improving from a total share of distribution standpoint, and that’s what we’re continuously focused on as we moved through fiscal ‘21.
Operator: Our next question on the line is from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Just want to follow up on what we’re maybe seeing in the scanner data lately. It looks like the part that is audited by some of these scanner data companies is showing a reduction in display activity, but some of that might be the fact that they’re not auditing that as much. And then, I’m wondering, if we’re seeing some noise in that percent sold on discount, because it looks like within cereal specifically that there’s been some increase in percent sold on price discounting, which would seem to run against the times that you wouldn’t need to be doing that. So are you seeing some price reductions going on out there? Is there more competitive activity in cereal, or is there noise? And then, I’ll have a quick follow-up.
Jeff Harmening: Jon Nudi, why don’t you field that one?
Jon Nudi: I would say, the short answer is probably noise more than anything. Many of the auditing groups are not going into stores at this point, or if they are, it’s inconsistent in terms of what we’re seeing. So, we’re not looking too closely at display facts. And some of the pricing gets really confusing as well. What I would tell you though, in general, we’re not seeing anything how the ordinary in terms of pricing in cereal. In fact, we pulled back some of our promotions in Q4, particularly in our cereal’s franchise where we are a bit tight from capacity standpoint. So again, we’re not seeing anything abnormal. And I think from a data standpoint, again, the total movement is something to look at and something that makes sense, I think when you start getting into some of the facts below that, I wouldn’t put a whole lot of stock in it at this point, at least we’re not.
David Palmer: And just to follow-up on the incentives, you talked about how you did about planning with last fiscal year because of fourth quarter and probably caused some truing up in what you were doing in terms of pay for performance. But, I’m wondering, are you making adjustments to your annual targets and how you pay people, is the Board doing that for you, and you down to the division levels? And how are you making those adjustments? Because this has to be viewed as an extraordinary period, not just because of Blue and those acquisitions and other counter effects, but because of this virus and passing that through the Python? Any help on that would be helpful.
Jeff Harmening: So, David, the Board sets our compensation targets as well as ranges for compensation. And I’m not going to go into the depths of that, only to say that it is based on our sales performance and our operating performance and our profitability performance, and weighted equally among those measures. And we passed those kind of things down to our segments. And you’re right, it is a dynamic environment, which requires us to be dynamic in our assessment. And certainly, one of the things we look at is we assess the performance of our businesses and how competitive are they in the marketplace and how efficient were they in being competitive. And that’s why, I’d say we’re really proud of our performance. And even in areas like convenience and food service, which was down quite a bit in the fourth quarter, they actually grew share in the majority of their categories. And so, they performed well in the fourth quarter, even in an environment that was really, really difficult. And so, that’s the way you will continue to incent people. Again, it helps us stay in the middle of boat and driving sales growth, but not at all costs, and making sure we’re efficient while we do it.
Operator: We’ll go to our next question on the phone line from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: I guess I have two. The one is on the breakfast cereal category. If I look at the data, I’d say it looks good, but not great. Retail sales were up about 6% in the past four-week period. It had been up double-digit. Jon and Jeff, are you surprised that the category is not growing faster in environment like this where we’re all kind of stuck at home, we’re not eating breakfast on the go, we have the luxury of time in our homes to prepare for breakfast for ourselves, or is this pretty much what you’d expect? And the second question is on first quarter. I understand not giving guidance for the year, but can you give us a sense of maybe just North America Retail sales? It look like overall, your sales are still double-digit, and probably can stay that way for the next three marks in the retail data. Is that a fair assessment for first quarter trends, Jon? Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: So, let me answer the question on the first quarter trends. And to say that -- the reason we don’t give quarterly guidance is because we’ve never given quarterly guidance and we’re not going to start now. You’re right, Rob, and I’m glad you pointed out, our retail sales, if you look at Nielsen, we’re off to a great start in North America Retail. So, it gets back to a question answer that I answered earlier, I think it was from Chris Growe about the confidence we have. So it’s not a lack of confidence that we’re not providing guidance. It’s really a matter of, for the year uncertainty, and for the quarter, the fact that we just don’t provide quarterly guidance. On the question on cereal, I’ll let Jon answer that in detail, but I want you to know, I am thrilled that you’re asking your question about the cereal category being good and not great when it’s growing at 6%. So with that, Jon Nudi, why don’t you elaborate on that a little bit. 
Jon Nudi: So, we feel good about cereal category and frankly even better about our performance. So, in Q4, the cereal category grew at 26%, we grew at a similar level. And for the full year, the category grew at 5%. When you go back to even your prior, we think when you add in non-measured channels, it grew that year as well. So, we think the category was heading in the right direction. We like our performance. We’ve grown share in 11 of the last 12 quarters. We’re the clear share leader in the category. We’re doing that by strong -- having strong marketing campaigns. In fact, prior to pandemic, we were having the best year from a shares standpoint in cereals in over a decade as we’ve gotten back to the Heart Health messaging that works really well. We actually, for the first time ever changed the shape of the product to a heart for a limited time. That worked incredibly well. And our innovation is working as well. We had three of the top five new products in the category last year. So, we feel good about the category. We feel good about our performance and we think we’ll continue to grow nicely for fiscal ‘21.
Robert Moskow: Okay. I mean, the market share gain is, no doubt, stunning. So congrats on that. And we’ll see how the category does. Thank you.
Jeff Siemon: Okay. Tommy, I think we’re going to wrap things here. I know, we weren’t able to get to everyone, but we want to make sure that we respect everyone’s time and length on the call. So, thank you everybody for your time and attention this morning. I appreciate the interest in General Mills. And we look forward to continuing to keep you updated on how we go from here. If you have a follow-up question today, please feel free to reach out to me and we’ll make sure we get to you. So, thanks again.
Operator: Thank you very much. Thank you everyone. That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation as you disconnect your lines. Have a good day everyone.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-03-18 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the General Mills Quarter Three Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, March 18, 2020. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Nelson and good morning everyone. I am here with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO and Kofi Bruce, our CFO. Also joining us this morning for Q&A is Jon Nudi who leads our North America Retail segment. I will turn the call over to them in a moment, but before I do, let me first touch on a few items upfront. A press release on third quarter results went out earlier this morning and you can find the release and a copy of the slides from this morning on our Investor Relations website. It’s important to note that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions, including facts and assumptions Jeff and Kofi will share related to the impact of the COVID-19 virus outbreak on our results in fiscal ‘20. The second slide in today’s presentation listed number of factors, among them the impact of COVID-19 that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I will turn you over to my colleagues beginning with Jeff.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks, Jeff and good morning everyone. Our key messages today are listed on Slide 4. But before we cover our execution against fiscal ‘20 priorities, our Q3 results and our updated outlook, given this extraordinary period of time, I would like to take a minute to discuss what we are seeing with respect to the COVID-19 virus outbreak and share what General Mills is doing to address our most important objectives, which are the continued health and safety of our employees and our ongoing ability to serve consumers around the world. For the past 154 years, General Mills has played a critical role and making food to meet the needs of our consumers. And in recent weeks, I can tell you that I am proud of the way we have partnered with our retail customers to address the increased demand for food at home. We are taking steps to flatten the curve and limit exposure to the virus, while continuing to safely operate our business. We have asked all of our employees to partake in social distancing practices and we have required those who can to work from home through at least April 1. For the safety of all involved, we have also restricted business travel and visitors at our facilities. With that in mind, Slide 5 summarizes how COVID-19 has impacted our business in recent weeks and what we expect to see in the coming months. As we mentioned last month at CAGNY, nearly half of our Haagen-Dazs shops in Greater China had been temporarily closed. In total, we saw a 90% decline in traffic in shops and substantial declines in other foodservice outlets in China in February, resulting in a significant reduction in Haagen-Dazs sales in Asia for the month. This was a 50 basis point headwind to total company organic net sales growth and an estimated 158 basis point headwind to adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted earnings per share growth in the third quarter. As the virus continues to spread, we expect to see reduced consumer demand for away from home food in the near-term impacting both our Asia and Latin America and Convenience Stores & Foodservice segments. In Asia, while most of our shops are now open again, many have reduced hours in service and store traffic is still down roughly 60% during the month of March. At the same time, we expect to see greater near-term demand for food at home, primarily impacting our North America Retail and Europe and Australia segments. While it is still early, we have seen increased customer orders and higher retail sales takeaway in Nielsen-measured channels since the beginning of March. Our U.S. retail sales results for the week ended March 7 were up low double-digits, including Pet and we anticipate takeaway for the week ending March 14 will be many times higher across all channels. While we assume this short-term stock up demand will ebb in the coming months, our expectation is that overall at-home food demand will remain elevated in Q4 and the bulk of any unwind will happen in fiscal ‘21. There is a great deal of uncertainty in this component of our forecast and if we see a material change in outlook, we will provide an update before the end of the fiscal year. Importantly, our supply chain is operating effectively around the world and we have been able to service the vast majority of customer demand to-date. Our outlook assumes we continue to operate our supply chain with minimal disruption, but this could change if the virus situation worsens materially. Given this heightened level of uncertainty regarding COVID-19, our full year guidance that Kofi will cover in a few minutes, reflects a wider range for sales, profit and EPS than we would typically carry with just one quarter remaining in the year. With those assumptions in mind, let me now turn it over to Kofi to review our third quarter financial performance and updated outlook for the year. Kofi?
Kofi Bruce: Thanks, Jeff and good morning to everyone. Slide 7 summarizes our financial results for the third quarter. Net sales were flat to last year at $4.2 billion. Organic net sales were also flat with another quarter of strong growth in Pet largely offset by declines in North America Retail and Convenience Stores & Foodservice. As expected, constant currency adjusted operating profit was 8% below prior year results driven primarily by higher SG&A expenses, including higher media investment. Third quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share totaled $0.77, down 6% in constant currency, driven by lower adjusted operating profit partially offset by lower net interest expense. Slide 8 summarizes the components of net sales growth in the quarter. Organic net sales were in line with last year with positive organic price mix largely offset by a modest decline in organic pound volume. Foreign exchange was flat in the quarter. Turning to segment results on Slide 9, North America Retail performance in the third quarter compared against our strongest quarter from a year ago on the top and bottom lines. The results included third quarter organic net sales, which were down 1%, primarily driven by U.S. Meals & Baking. In the first 9 months of the fiscal year, organic net sales were in line with year ago levels, which was a 1 point improvement over our fiscal ‘19 organic net sales growth. We drove sequential net sales improvement in U.S. Snacks and U.S. Yogurt in the third quarter, while our U.S. Cereal results stepped back versus the first half growth rate as we expected. Looking at our fiscal ‘20 year-to-date in-market results, we grew share in 6 of our top 10 categories, which comprise roughly 85% of our Nielsen-measured retail sales in the US. And third quarter constant currency segment operating profit declined 9%, primarily due to a significant increase in media expense as well as lapping double-digit profit growth in last year’s third quarter. Turning to Convenience Stores & Foodservice on Slide 10, organic net sales declined 2% in the quarter driven by non-Focus 6 Flour and Mix businesses. Net sales for the Focus 6 platforms grew 2%, led by cereal, frozen baked goods and yogurt, which continued strong contributions from our new 2-ounce equivalent grain cereal offering in schools and bulk Yoplait Yogurt. Third quarter segment operating profit was down 5% driven by higher input costs. Slide 11 summarizes our results for Europe and Australia. Third quarter organic net sales were down 1% driven by declines in yogurt and ice cream partially offset by growth in snack bars and Mexican food. In terms of in-market performance in the quarter, retail sales were up double-digits for snack bars and up mid single-digits for Mexican food. Third quarter segment operating profit declined 11% in constant currency driven by higher input costs partially offset by lower SG&A expenses. In Asia and Latin America, third quarter organic net sales essentially matched year ago results. Net sales in Latin America were up low-single digits in constant currency, driven by continued improved performance in Brazil after a slow start to the year. Net sales in Asia were down low-single digits in constant currency in the quarter. As Jeff mentioned earlier, the COVID-19 outbreak had a significant negative impact on foot traffic in our Haagen-Dazs shops and food service outlets in Asia. And the majority of our stores were temporarily closed in China. As a result, February slower Ice Cream net sales in Asia were a 500 basis point drag on the segment’s net sales growth in the third quarter. This headwind was partially offset by strong growth on Wanchai Ferry dumplings in China, driven by increased at-home food consumption in February. Third quarter segment operating profit in Asia and Latin America was down 64% in constant currency, driven by higher SG&A expenses and lower Asia Ice Cream net sales, partially offset by higher net sales in Latin America. Our third quarter Pet segment results are summarized on Slide 13. I am pleased to say we had another great quarter of growth with net sales up 11%, driven by strong growth in food, drug and mass or FDM channels and positive price mix. This net sales performance was led by strong double-digit growth on Blue’s two largest product lines, Life Protection Formula and Wilderness. Looking at in-market performance, our year-to-date all-channel retail sales were up low-double digits and we continue to gain share in the U.S. pet food category. On the bottom line, third quarter segment operating profit grew 29%, driven by higher net sales, partially offset by higher media expense. Slide 14 summarizes our joint venture results in the quarter. Cereal Partners Worldwide posted top line growth for the sixth consecutive quarter with constant currency net sales up 1%. That growth was broad-based led by the UK, Middle East, Mexico and Turkey. Haagen-Dazs Japan net sales declined 5% in constant currency, driven by lower volume, partially offset by positive price mix. Third quarter combined after-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $11 million, down 8% from last year, driven by phasing of brand investment at CPW and lower volume at HDJ, partially offset by positive price mix in both businesses. Turning to total Company margin results on Slide 15, third quarter adjusted gross margin was down 30 basis points, driven by higher input costs, partly offset by positive net price realization and mix. Adjusted operating profit margin was down 130 basis points in the quarter, driven by higher SG&A expenses, including a significant increase in media investment. Slide 16 summarizes other noteworthy Q3 income statement items. Unallocated corporate expenses, excluding certain items affecting comparability increased $8 million in the quarter. Net interest expense decreased $21 million, driven by lower average debt balances and lower rates. With our good progress on debt pay down and favorable interest rates, we now expect full-year net interest expense to total $470 million, approximately. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 21%, compared to 19.9% a year ago, driven by certain discrete tax benefits in fiscal 2019, partly offset by changes in country earnings mix in fiscal ‘20. And average diluted shares outstanding were up 1% in the quarter. Now, turning to our fiscal year-to-date results on Slide 17, net sales totaled $12.6 billion, down 1% versus last year, driven by unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Year-to-date organic net sales were in line with last year, with positive price mix offset by lower volume. Adjusted operating profit was up 2% in constant currency, driven by positive price mix, partially offset by higher SG&A expenses, including higher media investment. Year-to-date adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.51 increased 5% in constant currency, driven by higher adjusted operating profit, lower interest expense, and higher non-service pension income, partially offset by higher net shares outstanding.  Slide 18 provides our year-to-date balance sheet and cash flow highlights for fiscal ‘20. Nine-month cash from operations was $2.2 billion, up 7% from the prior year, driven primarily by higher earnings. Our core working capital balance totaled $342 million, down 31% from a year ago, driven by continued improvements in accounts payable. Capital investments in fiscal year-to-date totaled $269 million. Given the timing of year-to-date spending, we now expect full-year capital spending to finish a bit under 3% of net sales. Nine-month free cash flow totaled $1.9 billion, up 14% from last year. This strong free cash flow performance enabled us to pay $895 million in dividends and reduce debt by $862 million in the first nine months of our fiscal ‘20.  Now, let’s turn to our outlook, including our fourth quarter expectations, which are summarized on Slide 19. We expect Q4 organic net sales growth to step up significantly, driven by improved performance in North America Retail, as well as an extra month of results in Pet as we align that business to our fiscal year-end. Q4 reported net sales will benefit from a 53rd week in May. This accelerated net sales growth will drive a strong increase in gross profit dollars in the quarter, which will be partially offset by a significant increase in growth investments in brand building and capabilities. And as Jeff indicated with regards to the impact of COVID-19, we will remain agile as the demand for at-home versus away from home food evolves across our markets. Our outlook assumes that we continue our strong supply chain execution through the end of the year without significant disruption.  With that as a backdrop, our updated fiscal 2020 guidance is outlined on Slide 20. We continue to expect organic net sales to increase 1% to 2%. The combination of currency translation, the impact of divestitures executed in fiscal ‘19, and contributions from the 53rd week in fiscal ‘20 is expected to increase reported net sales by approximately 1%. Constant currency adjusted operating profit is now expected to increase 4% to 6%, which is ahead of the previous range of 2% to 4% growth. The primary drivers of our increased profit outlook include increased Holistic Margin Management productivity savings, a modest reduction in our input cost inflation forecast and continued tight control over administrative expenses. Constant currency adjusted diluted earnings per share are now expected to increase 6% to 8% from the base of $3.22 earned in fiscal ‘19, which is ahead of the previous range of 3% to 5%. The primary drivers of our increased EPS guidance are the increased forecast for adjusted operating profit and the expectation for reduced interest expense that I mentioned earlier. We continue to estimate that foreign currency will be immaterial to adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. We continue to expect to convert at least 105% of adjusted after-tax earnings into free cash flow. And we’ll maintain our disciplined focus on cash to achieve our targeted year-end leverage ratio of 3.5x net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA. With that, I will turn it back over to Jeff to cover our progress against our fiscal ‘20 priorities.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks, Kofi. On Slide 21, you can see our three key priorities for fiscal 2020. As I reflect on our results for the first 9 months of the year, I am pleased to be able to say that we have a good line of sight to deliver on all three. First, we are on track to deliver accelerated organic sales growth compared to our fiscal ‘19 results. We expect to improve organic growth in North America Retail by a full point versus last year and to deliver double-digit organic growth in the Pet segment. After getting off to a slow start in the first quarter in our remaining three segments, our top line trends have improved in the last two quarters and we continue to work to get those businesses back to growth. Second, we expect to deliver a positive year on margins with good results on HMM productivity and positive price mix from our strategic revenue management efforts, allowing us to significantly increase growth-oriented investments and brand building and in capabilities. And third, as Kofi just mentioned, we’re on track to achieve our fiscal 2020 leverage reduction target. With these priorities in mind, I will share a few examples of our year-to-date performance, highlighting what’s working well and where we are working to improve. I’ll begin with North America Retail focusing on Cereal, Yogurt and Snacks. I’m quite pleased with our performance in U.S. Cereal to date. Following 2 years of modest retail sales growth in fiscal ‘18 and fiscal ‘19, our results have accelerated to 1% growth in the first 9 months of fiscal ‘20. We have strengthened our share leader position in the U.S through remarkable brand building and strong execution against the fundamentals. For example, we have invested behind compelling consumer ideas such as our Cheerios Heart Health Campaign, which drove 4% year-to-date retail sales growth on the Cheerios franchise. Retail sales for the Cinnamon Toast Crunch franchise were also up 4% so far this year driven by strong media support on the core as well as continued success of recent innovations, such as Cheerios and Chocolate Toast Crunch. And our innovation continues to add to our growth with Blueberry Cheerios, a new oats and honey variety of Cheerios Oat Crunch and Peanut Butter Chex representing the three largest new products in the category in the third quarter. Now, let’s turn to U.S. Yogurt on Slide 23. Our strategy to get Yogurt back to growth centers on continuing to grow our core product lines through brand building and product news, while at the same time innovating and faster growing spaces that will soon become sizable enough to offset the declines we are seeing in retail – in our tail. While our year-to-date results modestly lag our fiscal ‘19 trends driven by a more significant tail distribution losses and the phasing of support on our Oui by Yoplait product line, we are encouraged by more recent performance. We continue to drive growth on our core with year-to-date retail sales up 2% for original style yogurt and up 6% for Go Gurt. We have seen sequential improvement in our distribution trends in the last two months, while continuing to grow turns per point of distribution this fiscal year. Our second half innovation is off to a good start. While it’s still early, our limited edition Starburst line of original style Yoplait and our new coconut-based diary free offering by Oui by Yoplait are the two largest launches in the category since January. And we are increasing our brand building support on our core, including Oui by Yoplait, we saw retail sales improve in the third quarter behind a stronger consumer support plan. For U.S. Snacks on Slide 24, we drove retail sales improvement through the first 9 months of fiscal ‘20 and we expect further improvement in the fourth quarter behind innovation and renovation, brand-building support and improve distribution. Nature Valley performance has benefited from our successful wafer bar innovation, which is the biggest launch in this Snack Bar category this year as well as improve merchandising execution. On Fiber One, our renovated products and refresh marketing campaign have made the brand more relevant for modern weight managers. These two brands are also beginning to lap significant distribution losses from a year ago which should further improve their retail sales trends. And our Treat Bars, featuring also household favourite brands such as Cinnamon Toast Crunch, Lucky Charms and Golden Grahams, are continuing to enjoy outsized growth with year-to-date retail sales, up over 100%. On Fruit Snacks, we drove 5% retail sales growth and strengthened our leading market share position in the first 9 months of the year behind excellent performance on Gushers and Disney Equity Fruit Snacks. With benefits from better distribution trends, contributions from Nature Valley innovation and Fiber One renovation and increased brand building investment behind bars and fruit snacks, we remain on track to improve U.S. Snacks performance in fiscal ‘20. Overall, we are making progress in North America retail through the first 9 months of the year. Year-to-date organic net sales results are a full point better than last year and we are competing effectively holding our growing share in 6 of our top 10 categories and we are stepping up investment behind our brands to build momentum as we close out fiscal ‘20 and head into fiscal ‘21. Turning to our Pet segment on Slide 25, we continue to drive double-digit all channel retail sales performance on Blue through three quarters. From a channel standpoint, year-to-date retail sales were up significantly in food, drug and mass as we benefited from our expansion into new customers and the launch of Wilderness in food, drug and mass in last year’s fourth quarter. Importantly, retail sales for food, drug and mass customers who have carried Blue more than 18 months were up 31% in Q3. As expected, year-to-date retail sales in Pet Specialty were down versus last year. We continue to support the channel through unique programs and innovation. And as we shared at CAGNY last month for launching two new lines into select Pet Specialty retailers in the second half, including Baby Blue, which brings solutions to new and younger pet parents at a time when they are most engaged and True Solutions, a line of pet food formulated to treat common pet elements. And Blue Buffalo continues to drive strong year-to-date retail sales growth in the rapidly evolving e-commerce channel. Looking ahead to Q4, there are two factors that will have a material impact on our Pet segment results this year. First, we’ll lap last year’s distribution expansion and Wilderness launch into food, drug and mass, which drove significant pro forma growth and positive price mix in last year’s fourth quarter. Second, as Kofi mentioned, we report an extra month of results in our Pet segment in this year’s Q4 as we align the segment to General Mills’ May year end. For the full year, we remain on track to deliver 8% to 10% like-for-like growth for the Pet segment, excluding the benefit of the calendar differences in fiscal ‘20. We’re excited about the growth prospects ahead and continue to remain confident in the long-term opportunities for Blue Buffalo. In total, we’re encouraged by the performance in North America Retail and Pet this year. For our other three segments, we had a slow start to the year and while we’ve improved organic sales since the first quarter, there is clearly more work to do to get these businesses back to grow. As we look ahead, we remain agile across all segments as we navigate the changing consumer demand patterns and at-home versus away from home food driven by the COVID-19 virus. In addition, for Convenience Stores & Foodservice, we’re focused on continuing to drive growth in the Focus 6 platforms, while improving our performance in Flour and Mix. In Europe and Australia, we expect to regain some loss distribution on Haagen-Dazs in France in Q4, and at the same time, we anticipated some short-term headwinds in the UK, driven by reduced distribution and lower levels of quality merchandising. Our priorities for this segment are to continue to invest behind our accelerated platforms, including snack bars, Old El Paso and Haagen-Dazs, while working to stabilize yogurt through focus on our core lines, including Petits Filous, Yop, and Perle de Lait. In Asia and Latin America, we’ll continue to drive growth on our accelerated platforms. including Haagen-Dazs ice cream, and Nature Valley snacks, while investing behind important regional brands, such as Wanchai Ferry in China and Yoki and Kitano in Brazil.  I will close our remarks this morning by summarizing today’s key messages. First and most importantly, our top focus remains on the health and safety of our employees, as well as serving our consumers as we manage through the rapidly evolving situation with COVID-19. Second, we are executing extremely well and we are on track to deliver our fiscal ‘20 priorities and what is proving to be a highly dynamic environment. Third, our third quarter results were broadly in line with our expectations, excluding the impact of the COVID-19 virus in Asia. And finally, we are raising our guidance on profit and EPS. With that, let’s open the mic for questions. Operator, can you please get us started?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Jeff Siemon: Good morning, Andrew.
Kofi Bruce: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Hey, there. Interesting question I think is whether some of the unanticipated trial that General Mills and others are getting as a result of the sort of current situation. Maybe some portion can be sustained longer term as consumers add some items, maybe to their ongoing shopping basket, but they wouldn’t have otherwise done as they see some of the improvements made by certain brands to improve product quality and sort of relevance over the past couple of years. I know it’s a hard one to obviously answer now. But maybe you can share some of your thoughts on this and maybe a little context or a bit of maybe what your consumer insights might say about some of the improvements or the areas where the Company has made. What you think are some of those improvements in terms of things like product trial and repeat rates? Where you’ve made maybe significant changes in relevance, things like that? I appreciate that it’s dynamic, and some of this is we’ll have to see. But maybe just some of your thoughts on that would be really helpful? Thanks so much.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Andrew, that’s a really thoughtful – this is Jeff, really a thoughtful question. Let me give you a couple of insights from China and then I’ll pass it to Jon Nudi to maybe give you a couple of insights from North America Retail. And in China, as we said, our shops business has been down over the last month. But interestingly, our frozen dumplings business has been up double digits and particularly with delivery at home. And it’s very clear that we’ve increased household penetration in China and that demand continues to be strong even as our shop business open up and China gets back to work. And so, I’m not sure the lessons we learned in China will hold everywhere, but at least what we’re seeing in China is that, our household penetration on Wanchai[indiscernible] Ferry dumplings has increased and that there is strong growth following the fact that people are starting to get back to work. We have done a lot of work in the U.S. on some of our product lines, in particular Snacks, but I’ll let Jon Nudi comment on that.
Jon Nudi: Yes. So, good morning, Andrew. I guess, the first thing right now, obviously, it’s a really fluid situation. So the bulk of our time is spent on working with the retail partners and servicing the business. That being said, as Jeff mentioned, we have worked hard over the last few years to renovate the majority of our product lines. If you think about refrigerated baked goods, we’ve touched the bulk of that business which is big, important and profitable for us. Cereal has been renovated as well. So we do believe it’s an opportunity, perhaps as consumers come back and try our products again after several years to see the products in the improvements that we have made and ultimately hopefully drive penetration for the long-term.
Andrew Lazar: Appreciate your thoughts. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan & Company. Please proceed.
Ken Goldman: Hey, good morning and thank you for the questions. Two from me. First, just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on what you have seen the last week or two in your convenience store business, I know it’s hard to know your – exactly timing your shipments with their takeaway, but any color there would be helpful just obviously given that consumers are on the road a little bit less? Then the second question is, you talked a lot about increased marketing and I totally appreciate the benefits of that in the long run, can you walk us through a little bit maybe of how that conversation goes internally when you have increased demand naturally already, whether you are thinking about pulling back at all on some of that marketing and maybe letting some of that cash flow drop to the bottom line or being reinvested in CapEx or other ways, just trying to think about how you balance those factors? Thanks so much.
Jeff Harmening: So, Ken and as we look at channels, I mean, clearly the situation is evolving quickly. And I will give you what insights we have which may not be sufficient, but as we look at March so far, we haven’t seen a big falloff in our convenience and foodservice business through the day, but clearly, the situation continues to evolve. And you, like us, see schools closing and that’s a big piece of our business and we also see the restaurant traffic is down. And what we are seeing is those two things there is some offset by what we see in convenience stores, where the traffic is strong and unfortunately, certainly with healthcare. And so we would expect in the fourth quarter that our CNS business would be down for all of those factors, but look the situation continuing to evolve in ways that you would probably anticipate.  In terms of how we think of marketing for the fourth quarter, that’s a good question. I mean, the first thing I would say is that as we look around the world, we have made sure that whatever marketing we have that the messaging is appropriate. It’s a unique time and we need to make sure whether we are doing – we are talking about our brands on social media or we are doing it through broad scale like TV, first of all, our messages has to be appropriate for the time and I can tell you we have done that worldwide and that we feel like it is. And second is that part of the appropriate of that message I think includes not talking about stocking up and that kind of thing. We see consumers doing that already. Having said that, for us, brand building is a long-term investment, it’s not only what we do this quarter, so we will continue to build our brands in appropriate ways, because the impact is not only for now, but it’s 3 months from now and 6 months from now. In addition and this is only one man’s opinion with very little data to back it up, but I think it also can [instill a] [ph] sense of normalcy for people as their lives are anything but normal on many parts of the world. And so for us, we think we have a responsibility to do that whether it’s delivering our products or whether it’s advertising Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
Ken Goldman: Well, one man’s opinion with little data to back it up that’s what I do for a living. So thank you again. Please stay safe.
Jeff Harmening: Same to you.
Kofi Bruce: Same to you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks, Jeff. I am trying to think through some really worst case scenarios from a supply chain perspective like a 2-week period where people just are locked up in their houses, can’t go to manufacturing facilities or distribution centers. Have you and Jon kind of thought through those scenarios and if that happens, is there a possibility of like federal government assistance, anything to keep the food supply chain moving? Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: So, Rob, it’s a good question. And certainly, keeping the supply chain moving is at the top of our mind. And so I think it’s an insightful question. As we think about it, the first couple of things, I would say is look up until this point, the supply chain has been working remarkably well and our service levels are well over 90%. And I will tell you our retail partners have been very grateful for the work that we and others have done. So certainly up until this point in time, the supply chains have been working very well despite maybe we should see pictures of store shelves being empty, I can tell you that food continues to flow, we continue to make it, our retailers continue to stock as quickly as they can and that all is actually working pretty well. As we look ahead, one of the things that – we need to do a couple of things, one is that, we need to make sure our employees remain safe, and the second is that, we would need to maintain that – we need to maintain the delivery of products. We needed to do both. We can’t really do one or the other. We have to do both. In terms of employee safety, I would say that, while people are at work, we already follow very strict food safety guidelines and employee safety guidelines at our plants, hand-washing and things like that. And the guidelines set forth by the FDA and the USDA. One of the things that we are doing incrementally as we have adjusted our leave policy to make sure that people who are sick can stay home and get paid and then stay at home because we certainly don’t want sick people coming into our manufacturing plants or offices. And the – as I said, we put some policies in place to help them out. We’ve also worked through a number of contingencies, but to date, I think it’s also important to note that the FDA in a note they put out yesterday, reiterated that statement, there is currently no evidence of food or food packaging being associated with transmission of COVID-19. And so, we anticipate continuing production through most of our – the course of our normal actions. The only thing we’ve done differently at some of our sites is that, we have encouraged social distancing. So instead of having everybody gathered in the lunch room at one time. We’re encouraging people to do it at different times and the current – and so having breaks all at one time, doing breaks at different times. So we’ve been responsible in that way.
Robert Moskow: Okay, Jeff. Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with DD Research. Please proceed.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning, everybody.
Jeff Harmening: Hi, David.
Kofi Bruce: Hi, David.
David Driscoll: Wanted to ask a little bit about the sales guidance, Kofi, can you talk a little bit about why the sales guidance is not actually raised? In your prepared comments it sounded like the fourth quarter is going to be really good, but when I look at your total consolidated guidance for organic revenue for the year, there is no real change right there. So, can – do we start there?
Kofi Bruce: Yes, absolutely, David. So just as context, the low end of our guidance would assume that the impact of COVID on the balance of the year is effectively a net neutral. And it’s important to maybe set as a frame of reference, where we were at Q2, which is effectively our NAR business on to slightly ahead of expectations, our Pet business on to slightly on expectations, and then we got behind on the other businesses. And although we’re making progress on C&F, EU/AU and ASLA, clearly, the expectation would have driven sort of an aggregate us the lower end of the range as a start point on the top line. So I think what our midpoint then gets us is effectively the at-home channels in NAR and EU/AU would partially offset the drag from ASLA and our expected traffic pressure in our away from home business on C&F. And then, obviously, at the high end, we would expect the trends we’re seeing in March that are reflected in the midpoint of our range to stick through the balance of the year.
David Driscoll: That’s super helpful. And then just two quick follow-ups, on Ken’s question, I would like the question about what you do on your brand building, but specifically for me the twist is your promotional activity. It – given that there are so many out of stocks and there is these runs on the grocery stores, would it be almost a requirement that you dial down your promotional activity? I think Ken was focused on advertising, but I want to look at the promotions, because why would you want to encourage even more product movement if you put big discounts on cereal per se. So, wouldn’t it be logical to reduce the promotional activity, because you know the product is going to move in the fourth quarter? And then just one quick question on Pet is there any concern here that lower economic activity negatively impacts premium Pet sales? Thank you.
Jon Nudi: Hi, David. This is Jon. I’ll take the first question. In terms of promotional activity, what I would say is, we’re in very close communication with all of our retail partners. And again, it’s a very dynamic time. So a lot of those discussions right now we’re about servicing the business and really the day to day. At the same time, we are talking about promotional calendars and I think each retailer is starting to think that through, both short-term and long-term. At some of our retail customers, we have pulled back merchandising in April jointly and others were just beginning that conversations. So again, ultimately it’s a partnership. We are working hand-in-hand that communication with retailers right now was the best I have ever seen in terms of partnership. We are all trying to do the same thing and it’s feed our consumers. So that will be a conversation I think that will continue and again we are starting to pullback a bit in April, I think that conversation again will continue as we move forward.
Jeff Harmening: And then with regard to Pet, David, look, during the last recession we didn’t see a pullback on pet food. And as we look at Blue Buffalo, when we bought it, one of the things we like about it was the demand for pet food seems to be pretty inelastic. And what we have seen so far in the fourth quarter is not to the same degree is where we have seen North America retail, but people love their pets and they want to make sure they take care of their pets. And so we feel like our retail takeaway for pet in the fourth quarter is going to be robust. Now, remember we have comps to go against, we built a lot of inventory due to a launch last year and the 53rd – an extra month, so there was a lot going on. But I would say demand for pet food, we continue to see very strong and to the extent that the U.S. has some economic hardships as a result of this virus, we would anticipate the pet food category would still be a robust category.
David Driscoll: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein Company. Please proceed. 
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Kofi Bruce: Hey, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi, so, can I ask about it maybe too early to tell, but are you seeing any sort of channel shift into the e-commerce channel as a result of COVID-19 and if you are not seeing that yet, you are anticipating that, that could happen and how are you gearing up for that? Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: So, again what we saw in, I am assuming, you are talking about the U.S., but I will actually start with China. What we did see in China was a pretty significant shift to the e-commerce channel and we were well prepared for that and we serviced our customers both in-store and online, but we did see as you can well imagine, an increase in the e-commerce channel. And I will let Jon Nudi talk about what we have seen and what we expect in the U.S.
Jon Nudi: Yes. So, I would say, Alexia, we have seen broad-based demand across all channels. Certainly, e-commerce is spiking. Big picture, it’s still a relatively small channel in the U.S. So, even though we are seeing more demand there, it’s something we can clearly service more working with those customers to make sure they have the product that they need. But again, as this thing has progressed over the last couple of weeks, I think you saw certain channels strengthen first and as of the last week or so, I would say we see broad-based demand across all channels in the U.S.
Alexia Howard: Okay. And then as a quick follow-up, are you able to quantify how much your marketing spending was up this time around and what you anticipate for fourth quarter?
Kofi Bruce: Sure, Alexia. This is Kofi. So in the third quarter, we were up in the high-teens percent in line with what we sort of telegraphed at the end of our Q2 earning release, I would expect our fourth quarter will look similar to slightly up in relation to the third quarter.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much. I will hop it off.
Kofi Bruce: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
David Palmer: Thanks. I think you mentioned that orders and perhaps this candidate will show something many times greater than the first week of March in terms of takeaway. The question I would have first is one of leverage on sales. What sort of rules of thumb would you have for us in terms of the cash flow and earnings contribution from these big increments of sales growth 5, 10 points, we can think of great flow-through from great capacity utilization, but we can also consider some elements of higher expenses as the big rush happens and obviously there is going to be supply chains streams with availability of people and then I have a quick follow-up?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. I think we would expect on balance to get some additional leverage out of the volume moving through our plants, which are obviously running close to capacity. And then I will let you direct your follow-up.
David Palmer: Yes. And then as far as a take-home, the at-home meals are something like 80% of American consumption anyway. So, the pain and suffering we are seeing in restaurants, which is very substantial, their proportion of pain is not as much of the at-home gain once we get past this big stocking up period both of the at-home level and the supermarket level. So the question is one of how do we think we are going to be looking at in terms of consumption increase over the course of this calendar 2020. How should we be thinking about that benefit and the lapse for the typical food company? It’s something like a single-digit type of number, I mean any sort of rules of thumbs about how you are thinking about this and modeling this as we look across the calendar ‘20 landscape? Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: Well, listen, as you well know, I hate to dodge your question, but this one, I am just going to – I am going to have to take a pass on this, because we are trying to model our current situation. I am not really sure what model we would use to be honest with you. What we do believe is that over the next couple of months, I mean, you talk about calendar 2020, I would say over the next couple of months, it’s very clear to us that restaurant traffic will be down. It’s very clear to us that schools and university feedings will be down. And that consumption is going to shift to at-home. And so those are the trends. I mean, we don’t have a lot more insight than you do in terms of the data, but those trends are clear to us and that at-home food is going to be higher. And so I am not trying to dodge it just to be acute. Look, it’s just evolving so quickly. And what we don’t know is the depth and we don’t know the duration and a couple of months in, maybe we can give you a better view of what’s going to happen. But right now, to be honest, our primary focus is keeping our employees safe and making sure that we can deliver all the food that our consumers and retailers are demanding of us. And so far we have done a really good job on both accounts.
David Palmer: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Strycula with UBS. Please proceed.
Steve Strycula: Hi, good morning. So Jeff, quick clarification, if we are to take the midpoint of your guidance for fiscal ‘20 what does that imply in terms of qualitatively speaking for the North American business for the balance of the year? Does that mean that basically the month of March we see a big bump? And then what would that mean to get to the upper end of your range for your guidance? Would that imply that this endures into April and May? So that will be the first part of my question.
Jeff Harmening: So let me give you a broad stroke. And we are kind of reiterating a little bit of what Kofi said and that for us to get to the high end of our guidance, it would assume that we would see elevated levels of demand for the remainder of the quarter and our at-home food consumption and we would see a drop in our consumption in C&F. And then at-home demand will be both here in the U.S. and as well as Canada and Europe. The midpoint would assume that we have seen the strong demand to-date, but that demand would tail off either because consumers have stocked up or retailers are stocked up or the virus is under control on a relatively short period of time. So that would be the midpoint of our estimate.
Steve Strycula: Okay, very helpful. And for Kofi, as we think through the puts and takes of what Dave Palmer was asking about, the shift to food at home from food away from home, if we net that together, would we expect a net sales gain and more importantly from an EBIT contribution, would there be some stranded costs from factories potentially not being utilized or does the margin mix fully kind of offset that, not sure if they go over the same supply chain or not? Thank you.
Kofi Bruce: Yes. Well, certainly North America, it’s a co-mingled supply chain. So I think net-net, we would expect that the balance of our at-home business increase to more than offset any of the – any potential drag. So I would just reiterate our plan – we expect our plans to be fully – close to fully utilized, during this period.
Steve Strycula: Great. Thank you.
Kofi Bruce: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed.
Michael Lavery: Good morning. Thank you. You have a new Chief Digital and Technology Officer, and just would love if you could give maybe a little sense of how we might expect changes there, how some of the ways are you are using data and digital and what kind of push might be coming that a new hire could help drive?
Jeff Harmening: So yes, we are really pleased to have Jaime Montemayor on board as our new Chief Digital and Technology Officer. He has had a heck of a first few weeks as everybody in the world starts working from home and we keep our systems going. Jaime is going to be terrific and he’ll continue the work that we’ve already started. And I think, for me, whatever you do on the digital technology front, needs to follow your business strategy and what you’re doing from a business standpoint. And to the extent, we’re doing strategic revenue management and we’re doing more specific marketing and scale. So through things like boxed out for education or our websites or through e-commerce. I think on the revenue generation front, what you will see is the enablement – technology enabling us to do things we wouldn’t be able to do before in better ways than we’re able to do before. And then correspondingly, on the cost side, because I think there benefit – there’ll be benefits eventually in the cost side, things like global procurement, we have been doing that and we’ve seen tremendous savings from that and actually been able to generate the same kind of HMM with lower capital by taking our social and globally. That capability will only be enhanced only be enhanced by the use of technology and the intelligence that affords in order to be to do that more effectively. So the way we’re thinking about it is that, we’re going to do the activities that we’ve done before but the use of technology we’ll be able to do it in a way that is more efficient and more effective than we’ve done it before. And so, it’s not – we are not chasing technology for its own sake but using it to build on business strategies we already have in place.
Michael Lavery: That’s helpful color. Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Hi, great. Thank you so much. Just a question on near-term demand relative to manufacturing capacity, what we have heard obviously through all the media outlets, kind of what I am hearing today is food supply chain remains strong, which I believe it does. But just kind of given that the near-term demand is substantially higher than for at-home right now relative to basically any time in history. How do you think about meeting that demand in the next month or two as let’s say, some inventories rollout? It’s really just kind of gaining some perspective on just the food chain in general and specific to General Mills just vis-à-vis demand? Thanks.
Jon Nudi: Hi, this is Jon Nudi. So let me take a crack at that for how we’re thinking about in North America. I would say, first of all, again, it’s about – our first priority is the safety of our employees and food safety and we’re very focused on that. Our plants are running very well right now. Again, near capacity and actually running ahead of the throughputs that we had planned over the last couple of weeks, which is terrific. We have a control tower in place across North America, that’s actually looking at all of our businesses. So balancing our North America Retail businesses, our Convenience & Foodservice and Pet as well. And that control tower is a live group of people and systems that are working 24/7 and really balancing where we are seeing demand, what lines are running and what products are running. The other thing I would tell you is that, we’re working very, very closely with our retail partners. And the partnership has been terrific. So, we’re talking about how we can simplify the supply chain. In some cases, that might mean running fewer SKUs or running the big SKUs of soup and not running some of the tail brands, and there’s significant time required to change lines. Talking about shipping, full pallet quantities as opposed to mix layers on pallets to customers and then making trade-offs around DSD, direct store deliveries, for our retailers, that’s actually a very good thing. For us, it gets to be a bit more challenging as it takes throughput out of our system. So, we’re having live conversations, I mentioned earlier, I’ve had conversations with top retail senior execs that are big customers and the partnership is really good. So, as of today, again, it’s something that we’re looking at on an hourly basis. We continue to stay tight with our retail partners and we believe that we’ll be able to serve our consumers for the short and long-term.
Rob Dickerson: Super. It’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning, Bryan.
Kofi Bruce: Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: So, Kofi, just a question on I guess, on just the commodity cost basket. I think in the quarter you had indicated it came in maybe a little bit favorably. I know, obviously, oil has moved a lot. But maybe if you can just give us a perspective right now in terms of kind of what key variables are that are moving? It looks like packaging, at commodities and not necessarily looking for guidance for next year, but just kind of how that cost basket is evolving now and how we can maybe think about it going forward?
Kofi Bruce: Yes. I think, Bryan, great question. I would just start by reminding you, we’re probably about 90% plus hedged at this point. So we have a pretty fixed structure through the balance of the year. I think that said, I think I would just refer you back to my earlier comments, I would expect our inflation to round up to 4%. So it is slightly favorable to our expectations at the start of the year based on sort of the trend line and what we’re realizing in our cost base.
Bryan Spillane: Alright. Thank you.
Kofi Bruce: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning, Chris.
Kofi Bruce: Hey, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. Just two questions for you if I could. I’m just curious how – if you looked at your non-food service businesses in Asia, how they performed in the quarter. You mentioned Wanchai Ferry being up double digits. Has that informed your modeling for the U.S. business in the fourth quarter? And then I had a second question, which is that, did you start to see inventories build in the third quarter, late in the third quarter, in anticipation of the stock up activity, this pantry loading? Did that affect North American Retail reported sales in the quarter? Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So, on the first question as what we have seen in Asia, does it inform how we think about this now? I mean, I think it informs how we think about what we’re going to see, but I don’t know there’s going to be a one-to-one correlation between what we saw in China. I mean, every market is a little bit unique and how they transfer food and food habits and so forth. But certainly, it informs our view and tells us that away from home consumption was certainly going to increase, we believe, over the short-term based on what we’ve seen there. So it has informed our view on that. In terms of retail inventories, no, we did not stock up retail inventories before the end of the third quarter in anticipation of what was going to happen in the U.S. We didn’t take them down either. We were kind of running normal inventory levels and the change of pace on consumer habits and the spread of the virus has been the likes of which we have never seen. And so, we’re reacting real-time and we’re acting very well. But no, we did not come into the quarter with elevated levels of inventory in the US or frankly, anywhere.
Jeff Siemon: And Chris, this is Jeff Siemon. I just remind everyone that’s listening, our quarter ended on February 23. So while that is only three weeks ago, which is hard to believe, there really wasn’t anything in the US that was happening at this – at that time. It’s really all happened subsequent to the end of the fourth – third quarter, excuse me.
Chris Growe: That’s a good point. Thank you. Okay.
Jeff Siemon: Yes. I think we have time for just sneak in one more.
Operator: Alright. Our last question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Faiza Alwy: Yes, hi. Good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Kofi Bruce: Good morning.
Faiza Alwy: Hi. So I wanted to ask about, just outside of stocking up and sort of lapping that stocking up, just how do you think about packaged food and specifically your categories and your brand and how those might perform in a potential recession, whether or not, it’s prolonged? I don’t know if you’ve had time to think through it or if you’ve been – if you sort of run models planning for it, but I just love your initial take on how we should think about a recessionary scenario and how your categories and brands might perform in that scenario? Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: Well, this is Jeff. I would say first is that, the honest truth is, over the past month we’ve been focused on the near-term and delivering what we need to for – delivering for the near-term and executing really well and it’s not like we haven’t had any thoughts in the future, but frankly, to get in the future we need to execute on the now. So we have been – we went wildly focused on that. I would say that, for the relatively current period, Jon Nudi, I think mentioned it, but our brands are actually well positioned in that, or one or two in our categories. And as people look for things, they know in times like these our brands tend to do fairly well because it offers comfort because it’s the brands that they know and they trust. And to the extent that retailers are cutting down on the number of SKUs, they have, in the short-term, in order to make sure they sell through as much product as possible, it’s really helpful to have the top turning brands in the category, which – the categories, which we do. So, in the short-term, we feel like we’re in a good position to both serve our consumers and serve the customers that are eventually going to serve the consumers. In the long-term, look, it has been so long since we had a recession and especially here in the U.S. but certainly, during that time people tend to eat in more and General Mills did quite well, but that was a decade ago. We’ll see how it plays out this time.
Faiza Alwy: Okay. Thank you.
Jeff Siemon: Great. I think that’s all the time we have. So we will go ahead and wrap up the call for this morning. Thanks everyone for your time and attention. We really appreciate you being with us this morning. I really hope that everyone stays safe and healthy. If any of you have follow-up questions please, I will be around all day, so don’t hesitate to reach out. Thanks again.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call fro today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2020 Q2  (2019-12-18 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to the General Mills Second Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all participants will remain in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, December 18, 2019. It is with pleasure that I now turned the call over to Mr. Jeff Siemon. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Bridget, and good morning to everyone. I'm here this morning with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; and Don Mulligan, our CFO. Also joining us this morning for Q&A is Kopi Bruce, our Vice President of Financial Operations who will take over for Don as CFO on February 1st, as well as Jon Nudi, who leads our North America Retail segment. I'll turn it over to the team in a moment but before I do let me cover the usual housekeeping items. A press release on our second quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning, and you can find that release as well as the copy of the slides that supplement our remarks this morning on our Investor Relations website. Please note that our remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. In the second slide in today's presentation risk factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Jeff.
Jeff Harmening: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. I'll kick off this morning's remarks with our key messages on slide 4. I'm encouraged by our second quarter performance both on the top line and bottom line. This includes broad-based improvements in our organic sales trends with strong performance in pet, good results in North America retail and a significant sequential step up in our remaining three segments. We generated strong first half earnings results, while increasing media investment behind our brands. And our cash discipline drove double digit growth and free cash flow, which allowed us to reduce our debt by more than $600 million through six months. In the second half, we'll step up our investments in brand building and capabilities and future growth initiatives. And we expect to see further improvement in our organic sales growth. And importantly we will remain on track to achieve our fiscal 2020 goals for sales, profit, earnings per share and we're raising our guidance for free cash flow conversion.  Slide 5 summarizes our Q2 financial results. Net sales were flat to last year at $4.4 billion. Organic net sales grew 1% led by strong growth in Pet. All five segments contributed to profit growth with adjusted operating profit up 7% in constant currency, driven by HMM cost savings, lower consumer promotion expense and favorable manufacturing leverage, partially offset by input cost inflation and higher media investment. The manufacturing leverage favorability was driven by higher inventory balances at the end of the quarter which is a timing benefit that will unwind in the back half of the year. Second quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share totaled $0.95, up 11% in constant currency. Driven by higher adjusted operating profit, lower net interest expense and a lower adjusted effective tax rate. On Slide 6, you can see our three priorities for fiscal 2020. As I reflect in our first half results, I'm proud to say we've made good progress on all three. First, we're on track to deliver accelerated organic sales growth in fiscal 2020. We improved top line growth in North America retail in the first half compared to fiscal 2019 and we generated double digit growth in the Pet segment. I will share details on these results in a moment. Our second priority is to maintain our strong margins. In fact, we're a bit ahead of our plan on the bottom line for the first half, which gives us flexibility to step up investment in the second half and strengthen top line growth.  Our final priority is to maintain a disciplined focus on cash to achieve our fiscal 2020 leverage target and we're well on our way to achieving our goal of 3.5x of net debt to adjusted EBITDA by end of year. With these priorities in mind, I will now cover our Q2 results by segment before turning it over to Don to review our performance on margins and cash and outlined back half expectations.  Slide 7 summarizes components and net sales growth in the quarter. Organic sales were up 1% versus last year, primarily driven by organic volume. FX was a 1 point drag in the quarter resulting in flat reported sales.  Turning to segment results, beginning on slide 8. Second quarter organic sales for North America Retail were in line with year ago levels. Net sales grew 5% in U.S. Cereal and were up 2% in Canada on a constant currency basis. Net sales declined 1% in U.S. meals and baking; 2% in U.S. Snacks and 4% in U.S. Yogurt. Looking at our first half in market results, we grew share in five of our top 10 categories which comprised roughly 85% of our U.S. retail sales.  Constant currency segment operating profit increased 4% in the second quarter driven by HMM cost savings and favorable manufacturing leverage, partially offset by input cost inflation and higher media investment. With this as a backdrop, let's dive a bit deeper into our first half performance in North America retail starting with cereal. I'm very pleased by our performance in U.S. Cereal, driven by strong execution against the fundamentals. We grew our U.S. cereal retail sales modestly in fiscal 2018 and in fiscal 2019 and our results accelerated to 2% growth in the first half of fiscal 2020. We've expanded our share leadership position through investment behind compelling consumer ideas such as our Cheerios heart-health campaign which drove 4% retail sales growth on the Cheerios franchise in the first half of the year. We benefited from consumer support behind Cinnamon Toast Crunch and our partnership with Travis Scott on Reese's peanut butter pops.  And innovation continued to add to our growth with strong first half performance on Blueberry Cheerios and Cinnamon Toast Crunch Cheerios. I am also excited about the plans we have for the rest of the year to build on our leadership position in cereal. We'll continue to invest in our brands including strong support behind a Cheerios heart-health news with more than 100 million Americans having some form of heart disease, Cheerios is on a mission to inspire happy hearts. For a limited time, we're changing some of the iconic Os into hearts supported by new advertising and updated box design and a social media campaign.  In addition to increased brand investment, we're launching a strong lineup of innovation in the second half including an oats and honey variety of Cheerios Oat Crunch, Hershey's Kiss Cereal, and Trix Trolls.  Turning to US Yogurt on Slide 10. We improved our U.S. Yogurt retail sales in fiscal 2019 behind our strategy to expand into faster growing segments of the category and to support our core brand building investments and on trend equity news. Our goal in fiscal 2020 is to further improve US Yogurt with a strong lineup of innovation, brand building and product news. In the first half, our retail sales took a slight setback as we lapped a period significant investment on Oui by Yoplait and had a more meaningful headwind from distribution. At the same time, we are encouraged by growth on our core products with retail sales for our original style yogurt up 1% and Go Gurt up 10% through the first half of the year. We fully expect to strengthen our U.S. Yogurt performance in the second half of the year behind several specific initiatives. Our second half innovation lineup field a new features and new coconut base dairy-free offering on Oui by Yoplait with a rich and creamy texture of Oui delivered in our signature glass pot. We'll launch a new limited edition line of Original Style Yoplait and four signature Starbucks flavors and we will launch Just 3 by Yoplait, a new line of traditional yogurts with just three simple ingredients. We will also increase our consumer support in the second half on our core products and on Oui by Yoplait. And finally, we'll face reduced distribution headwinds as we move into calendar 2020. In total, we expect these efforts will result in improved retail sales growth for our U.S. Yogurt business in the second half of the year.  Now let's turn to U.S. Snacks on Slide 11. Coming off a disappointing fiscal 2019, our goal in fiscal 2020 is to improve our performance behind innovation, renovation, brand-building support and in-store execution. We're pleased that our U.S. Snacks improvement in the first half. Retail sales for Nature Valley improved behind a stronger back-to-school merchandising season and a successful launch of Nature Valley Crispy Creamy Wafer Bars. Retail sales for Fiber One have also improved since we reformulated the product line to be more relevant for modern weight managers.  While we're still lapping distribution losses from earlier this calendar year, our churns per point of distribution, an important leading indicator of growth has stepped up meaningfully across both of these important brands. On Fruit Snacks, we drove 3% retail sales growth in the first six months of the year and we returned to share growth in the second quarter behind strong performance on Disney equity fruit snacks. Our back-half plans on U.S. Snacks include continued contributions from Nature Valley innovation and the Fiber One renovation, greatly improved distribution on bars and increased brand building behind both bars and fruit snacks, all of which should drive another step-up in our U.S. Snacks retail sales trend in the second half.  We're focused on competing effectively everywhere we play including our $4 billion US Meals & Baking operating unit. We returned soup to both retail sales and share growth in the first half. Retail sales for Progresso were up 3%, primarily driven by product renovation on Rich and Hearty. First half retail sales for Old El Paso grew 6% and we grew share behind increased distribution and consumer news and price realization across channels. We had a great year on Pillsbury refrigerated dough in fiscal 2019 driving more than one point of share growth. We've continued to grow share in the first half of fiscal 2020, thanks to distribution gains, contributions from new products like Sweet Biscuits and good results on cookies. Retail sales in the first half declined 3% due to the latter Thanksgiving holiday. However, fiscal year-to-date retail sales for Pillsbury through the first week of December which adjusts for the holiday timing were actually up low single digits. In total, we're off to a good start and we feel good about our plans for the key soup and baking season. And we believe we are set up to have a successful year on U.S. Meals & Baking. Overall, I'm encouraged by our first half results in North America retail. In the second half, we will drive improvement in U.S. Snacks and U.S. Yogurt, while lapping more challenging retail sales comparisons in U.S. Cereal. And we remain on track to achieve our goal of improved full year organic growth for the segment. Shifting gears to our Pet Segment on Slide 13. I am pleased to say that we had a great second quarter with net sales up 16%. Our Q2 growth was driven by strong growth in the Food, Drug and Mass and E-commerce channels, positive price mix and a benefit from the timing of shipments in advance of holiday merchandising. This net sales performance was led by strong double digit growth on Blue's two largest product lines, Life Protection Formula and Wilderness. Looking at end-market performance, we drove first half all channel retail sales up low double digits. And we grew share in the pet food category. On the bottom line, second quarter segment operating profit grew 14% versus a year ago, driven by higher net sales, partially offset by higher media expense.  On Slide 14, you can see how the key components of the pet segments first half double digit retail sales growth breakdown by channel. Retail sales were up more than 100% in the Food, Drug and Mass channel as we benefited from our expansion to new customers and the launch of Wilderness into the channel and last year's fourth quarter. Importantly, retail sales for Food, Drug and Mass customers who have carried Blue more than 12 months were up 45% in second quarter. As we expected, retail sales in Pet Specialty continued to decline by double digits. This is an important channel though for Blue and we continue to support the channel through unique programs and innovation. And Blue continues to win in the rapidly evolving E-commerce channel with retail sales up high teens through the first six months of the year.  Looking to the second half of the year, we have an exciting lineup of consumer initiatives such as our Blue years at resolution promotion, we will invest in media support behind our broad portfolio of products and we'll continue to drive distribution, ensuring we have the best of Blue everywhere pet food is sold. For the full year, we remain well on track to deliver 8% to 10% like-for-like growth in the Pet segment excluding the benefit of the calendar differences in fiscal 2020. We remain confident in the long-term opportunities for Blue Buffalo and we're excited about the growth prospects ahead. Shifting gears to the Convenience and Foodservice segment on Slide 15, organic sales were flat in the quarter. A four point improvement over our Q1 results with volume growth offset by unfavorable price mix. The Focus 6 platforms led the segment with 2% growth behind Cereal, Frozen Baked Goods and Yogurt with strong contributions from our two ounce equivalent grain cereal offerings and bulk Yoplait Yogurt. Second quarter segment operating profit grew 5% versus a year ago driven by COGS HMM savings partially, offset by input cost inflation and unfavorable price mix. In the second half of the year, we'll continue to see strong performance in the Focus 6 platforms led by our K-12 schools.  In Europe & Australia, second quarter organic sales were down 1%, a four point improvement over Q1 results with declines on yogurt partially offset by growth on Old El Paso Mexican Foods and Snack Bars, two of our accelerate platforms that also drove mid single digit retail sales in the quarter. Second quarter segment operating profit increased 45% in constant currency, driven primarily by a timing difference and brand building investments that was neutral through the first half of the year . Looking to the second half for Europe & Australia, we will improve top line growth versus the first half due to increased merchandising and brand building support behind Old El Paso Mexican Food and our portfolio of Snack Bars including Nature Valley, Fiber One and LARABAR. And in Q4, we will begin the lapping impact of reduced Haagen-Dazs distribution in France. In Asia & Latin America, second quarter organic sales increased 1% which was also a 4% improvement over the first quarter. In Latin America, growth was driven by route-to-market changes in Brazil resulting in improved performance on our Yoki brand. In China, net sales were up due to expanded distribution and pricing actions on Wanchai Ferry. In India, sales declined as we continue to change our distribution network to focus on more strategic and profitable outlets. Second quarter segment operating profit in Asia and Latin America was up 42% at constant currency, driven by lower SG&A expense, partially offset by lower volumes. We expect a step up in second half growth in Asia and Latin America, driven by benefits from our strategic revenue management actions and continued distribution expansion on Wanchai Ferry.  With that, I'll turn it over to Don to cover joint ventures, margins and cash as well as our back half expectations. Don?
Don Mulligan: Thanks Jeff and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on Slide 19 by summarizing our joint venture results in the quarter. Cereal Partners Worldwide posted top line growth for the fifth consecutive quarter with constant currency net sales up 1%. That growth was broad-based including positive results in the UK, Australia, Turkey and the Middle Eastern markets. Haagen-Dazs Japan net sales declined 6% in constant currency, driven by slower category performance in the quarter. Second quarter combined after tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $25 million, up 11% from last year, driven by positive price mix and benefits from cost savings at CPW, partially offset by lower net sales at HDJ.  Turning to total company margin results on Slide 20, second quarter adjusted gross margin and adjusted operating profit margin were up 80 basis points and a 110 basis points respectively driven by COGS HMM savings and favorable manufacturing leverage, partially offset by input cost inflation and increased media expense. As Jeff mentioned, the favorable manufacturing leverage was a timing benefit resulting from higher inventory balances at quarter end. We built inventory in the second quarter to protect service while we worked through labor contract negotiations. With those negotiations now successfully concluded, we expect inventory levels to normalize which will result in unfavorable de-leveraged in the back half of the year. For the full year, we expect input cost inflation and COGS HMM savings will each be approximately 4% of cost of goods.  Slide 21 summarizes other noteworthy Q2 income statement items. Unallocated corporate expenses excluding certain items affecting comparability increased by $6 million in the quarter. Net interest expense decreased $13 million, driven by lower average debt balances. The second quarter adjusted effective tax rate was in line with our full year expectations at 21.9%, but was favorable to our 23.8% rate a year ago, primarily driven by the timing of discrete tax benefits and more favorable earnings mix. And average diluted shares outstanding were up 1% in the quarter. Now let's cover our first half results on Slide 22. Net sales totaled $8.4 billion, down 1%. Organic net sales were flat in the first half with positive price mix offset by lower volume. Adjusted operating profit was up 7% in constant currency, driven primarily by positive price mix, one time purchase accounting adjustment in the Pet segment in last year's first quarter. And the timing benefits referenced earlier, partially offset by higher input costs. Adjusted diluted EPS of a $1.74 increased 12% in constant currency, driven by higher operating profit, lower interest expense and a lower adjusted effective tax rate.  Slide 23 provides our balance sheet and cash flow highlights for the first half of FY20. First half cash from operations was $1.4 billion, up 4% from the prior year driven primarily by higher net earnings. Our core working capital balance totaled $429 million, down 19% from a year ago driven by continued improvements in accounts payable. Capital investment in the first half totaled a $158 million. This resulted in free cash flow of $1.3 billion, up 14% from last year. We paid $596 million in dividends and reduced debt by $655 million in the first half of fiscal 2020. Slide 24 outlines our expectations for the second half. We expect to maintain our in market competitiveness in North America retail. And we will continue to drive strong retail sales growth for the Pet segment. We expect total company organic net sales growth to accelerate in the back half due to improved results in the Convenience Stores and Foodservice, Europe and Australia and Asia and LatAm segments, as well as the extra month of results in Pet, as we align net business to our fiscal calendar. We expect second half profit to be impacted by mid-teens percent increase in brand building investments. Increased investments in capabilities and future growth initiatives and the unwinding of the favorable manufacturing leverage and pet shipment timing benefits we saw in Q2. From a phasing standpoint, we expect year-over-year profit results to be more favorable in Q4 than Q3. Given that Q4 includes the extra month of sales for pet and the 53rd week for the remaining segments. As Jeff mentioned upfront, we are reaffirming our key fiscal 2020 guidance metrics for sales, profit, EPS and leverage and increasing our guidance for free cash flow conversion. You can see our current expectations for these measures on Slide 25. Namely, we expect organic net sales to increase 1% to 2%. We continue to expect the combination of currency translation. The impact of divestitures executed in fiscal 2019 and contributions from the 53rd week in fiscal 2020 to increase reported net sales by approximately 1%. Constant currency adjusted operating profit is expected to increase 2% to 4%. The benefit of the extra fiscal week is being reinvested in capabilities and brand building initiatives to drive improvement in the company's organic sales growth rate in 2020 and beyond. Constant currency adjusted diluted EPS is expected to increase 3% to 5% from the base of $3.22 earned in fiscal 2019. We continue to estimate that foreign currency will be immaterial to adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. Given our strong first half results, we now expect to convert at least a 105% of adjusted after tax earnings into free cash flow, which is up from our previous guidance of at least 95% conversion. And we'll maintain our fiscal, our disciplined focus on cash to achieve our targeted yearend leverage ratio of 3.5x net debt to adjusted EBITDA. Now I'll turn it back to Jeff for some closing remarks.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks Don. And before we close, I'd just like to take a minute and acknowledge the key leadership transition with Don Mulligan's upcoming retirement. After a distinguished 21-year career in General Mills, including the last 12 years as CFO. Don will be retiring at the end of this fiscal year. He'll be stepping into an adviser role effective February 1st and retire on June 1st of 2020. As most of you listening already now, Don, has served the company and his function with distinction. He is true expert in this field and has provided steady leadership throughout his tenure. As you can see by our results so far this year, he has certainly running through the day. Today, on his 50th earnings call, I'd like to personally thank Don for his contributions to the company and for the counsel he has provided to me in his role. We'll certainly miss him and wish him all the best as he begins a new chapter.  I'm also pleased to introduce Kofi Bruce, who will be taking over as CFO effective February 1st. Kofi has been with General Mills for 10 years in a variety of roles including Treasurer, Segment Finance Leader for Convenience and Foodservice and most recently as Vice President of Financial Operations. Kofi brings a wealth of external perspective from prior experiences at Ecolab and the Ford Motor Company. Kofi is well suited for this role given the breadth of experience, his track record of delivering exceptional results and his passion for developing talent our organization. In closing, I would like to summarize today's key messages. I am encouraged by our performance. We drove broad-based improvement in organic sales trends in the quarter; generated strong first half earnings and free cash flow results and we reduced our debt. In the second half, we will increase our investments in growth and will further improve our top line trends. Importantly, we remain on track to meet or exceed all of our key goals for fiscal 2020.  With that let me open up the line for questions. Operator, can you get us started?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. 
KennethGoldman: Hi. Good morning, everyone and Don, thank you for all your help over the years. I wanted to ask a couple of questions. First are you thinking, this is more of a technical question but on slide 24 you had mentioned that Blue Buffalo is the only business not to have an extra week? But I thought previously we were modeling this and maybe I just didn't understand it correctly, we were previously modeling five extra weeks in the fourth quarter. And then subtract a week that went away in the first quarter that gets us four in net for the year. So I thought we were previously guided to having an extra week in Buffalo. Blue Buffalo for that fourth quarter but maybe I missed it, I thought it was five total.
JeffSiemon: This is Jeff Siemon. You're right. We have --the extra month is five incremental weeks in Q4. As we define organic versus non organic, all that change in Blue Buffalo falls under our organic sales definition. The extra, the 53rd week in the remaining segments is above and beyond in the inorganic calculations.
KennethGoldman: Okay so nothing has changed there just to make sure.
JeffSiemon: No, correct. 
KennethGoldman: Okay. Thank you. And then my next question is you have a little bit of controversy on your hands at least in the investor community right now obviously on the grain-free side. We met with you guys a month ago, you didn't sound very concerned about it. Has your concerned level changed at all in the last few weeks about grain free and some of the FDA reports out there? Or are you still not really necessarily seeing consumers react as feared?
JeffHarmening: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ken. I mean contrary to what's been written we actually really haven't seen an impact on our businesses as witnessed by the strong Q2 results on Blue Buffalo including Wilderness which happens to be grain-free. That along with Life Protection Formula really led our growth in the quarter. I do think it's important to take a step back and remember why we get into this in the first place. And what we bought was a great brand and a great category and brand that travels across different diet types both grain containing and grain-free and travels across channel. And you can see that with our results in E-commerce and FDM. And so while there has been a lot of talk of grain-free, we haven't seen it in our business and our trends even in Pet Specialty really haven't changed on grain-free. And I also think it's important that in this discussion we don't lose sight of the fact that the FDA has really, they have not identified a call to link or drawn any conclusions. They have -- they have brought it to people's attention clearly, but they have not drawn call to link. And I would also like to say that along with our human food, we work closely with the FDA and the rest of the pet industry as well. Now there has been slowdown in grain-free and category but there are a lot of moving pieces. I mean part of that's probably a shift to Blue Buffalo and part of that is channel shifting and all the rest. But there has been a slowdown in the grain-free segment although blue Buffalo and our grain-free products we really haven't seen that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
JohnBaumgartner: Thanks for the question. Jeff, I also wanted to stick with the topic of DCM and maybe just looking at it differently. Can you frame the situation as you see it maybe in terms of options for the portfolio and supply chain? Whether it's with reformulations or anything else. Like how do you think about the optionality there?
JeffHarmening: Well. I mean I think I'll start that--look, I'll start answering that question with something I mentioned briefly and Blue Buffalo plays really well across all diet types. And I think that's really important to note. The second thing, I guess, I would like to say that we have some product lines that even though they are technically grain-free they also have a -- they are also benefited high-protein. So I look at Wilderness and while it's grain-free it's also true that it's high in protein and many consumers buy because of that. We don't have-- we certainly don't have any plans to reformulate products, but if we ever needed to we can certainly shift. We currently can make some shifts and make some changes. As I said, we don't have plans to do that now because we haven't seen an impact. And we don't feel the need but should that need arise, we certainly can.
JohnBaumgartner: Great. And then, Don, very strong quarter for margins. You mentioned the benefits there from the manufacturing leverage but how is the pacing coming through from the global sourcing and some of the logistics work you're doing, both in North America and Europe? Where those initiatives stand kind of going forward in terms of incremental benefits for the back half and then maybe into fiscal 2021?
DonMulligan: We continue to see strong return on the investments we made in global sourcing for example. Our HMM is tracking on plan. It will fully offset our 4% inflation this year. It tends to be --it is running fairly consistently quarter-to-quarter. We expect both in the front and the back half for inflation and HMM to kind of run in lockstep. And that's what's an elevated HMM results partially driven by the global sourcing that you referenced.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Please proceed. 
AndrewLazar: Good morning, everybody. Happy holidays. I guess, first off more of a quick one. I guess , Don, are you able to help maybe quantify or maybe put some parameters around the benefit from some of the timing that you talked about in pet shipments and manufacturing leverage in any retail that is set to unwind in the second half. 
DonMulligan: Sure, I guess I'll step back first and just talk about margins more broadly. We are pleased with the way the middle of the P& L is developing this year. You're seeing a consistent improvement in our expansion and our gross margin. And even when you strip out lapping, the inventory step-up on pet from last year and the timing benefit this year you are seeing a 30 to 40 basis point improvement in margins and gross margins in both the first and second quarter. And you're also seeing that we're investing back in higher media which has been running mid single digits and actually increased in the second quarter versus the first quarter. And our admin is well controlled. So we're getting leverage there which is leading to the improved, through the first half of the improved operating margin as well.  So we like to structure. As we look to the second half, there are three things that we referenced. We're going to see a step-up in our brand investment. That's going to be in the mid-teens and to put in perspective; we run an annual media budget of last year was around $600 million. We will also see increasing in investments. We talked at the beginning of the year about getting deeper in data analytics to support our strategic revenue management and E-commerce activities. And we will continue to invest in those and increase that investment in the second half. We've also start spending some money on pet innovation which again will benefit beyond --our beyond our F-2020.  And the last piece is the shipments. And the reason I recap them or the timing, excuse me. And the reason I recap them because really that is the order of impact as well. So I want to make sure the first two pieces are not lost. So third on the timing, there are two components. It's the manufacturing leverage in North America retail which will --which was created as we increased inventory in the second quarter and we will unwind largely in the third quarter. And then a small benefit from shipment timing in pet. Together, those will be about $25 million benefit or benefit in Q2 reverse in the second half again largely in the third quarter. But again, there are three components. All are material and the timing is actually the smaller of the three.
AndrewLazar: Great and that's helpful. And then your comment on pets are good segue to my next question which is thinking about the runway for growth there, this fiscal year obviously you're seeing the benefit from the white space distribution fill and the FDM channel and not only from Life Protection Formula but Wilderness sub-brand as well. Is the opportunity as we head into fiscal 2021 become less about channel fill and more about I guess product form? Thinking about like wet and treats. And if so, I guess what does the analysis suggests to you around the magnitude of that opportunity as we go forward? Thank you.
JeffHarmening: As we look ahead, Andrew, I mean I think one of the things I would say, first of all, that we're most encouraged by it. If you look at the growth we have in pet distribution we've had for more than a year it's up 45%. And so the idea that once distribution stops or growth stops is not something that we subscribed to. And that actually follows what happens in human food. A lot of times when we launched new products into a channel, people are still finding those products for a couple of years. And so it's actually not surprising to us that we will see continued growth in pet and channels where we already exist. It's actually quite good. So as we look at, as we look at F-2021, the first thing I would tell you, even though we have a quite a bit of distribution already, we should -- I think pet parents are still going to be finding Blue Buffalo especially in the food, drug and mass. So I think we will see continued growth in that.  On Pet Specialty, we'll look to turnaround some of those trends in the pet specialty because we think that we can do better and through promotions that are suited to that channel, as well as some new product innovations, Carnivora is just the beginning and continued. [Tech Difficulty]
AndrewLazar: Can you hear me guys?
JeffSiemon: Yes. Andrew, sorry. 
AndrewLazar: We are back. 
JeffHarmening: Don just said in 50 calls this is a first for him. [Multiple Speakers] So, I am going to first refer to Jeff, Jeff was I think probably talking for a little while longer about our pet growth opportunities. 
AndrewLazar: Yes. We got cut off, I'll tell you, yes, I could help you there. We got cut off right after Jeff had said we still see opportunity obviously in some of the core channels that you're in and then you were just going to kind of transition to the next part of the point.
JeffHarmening: Great, okay, good. I don't want to miss. It was sheer brilliance, Andrew. 
AndrewLazar: We'll never know. 
JeffHarmening: I am sorry, it was nice. Look, the other thing I was saying that it was in the other opportunity is really through innovation through wet and treat and one of the things we will be -- we are spending more money in the back half of this year on is on innovation. And you will see that come to fruition in F-2021 and to dimensionalize it, the wet and treat part of the pet food category is about 45% of the categories almost $15 billion in sales and we weigh under-index. So our share of dry dog food is probably about 10%. Our share of wet and treat us somewhere in the 3% to 4% range and so the opportunity is enormous. And so as we look to next year, we think we can grow through continuing to do what we do well which is build the Blue brand, continue with pet parents finding in a channel and through wet and treat innovation. 
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed
DaraMohsenian: Hey, good morning, guys. So two questions. First, just in U.S. Retail Cereal had a strong quarter. It's a continuation really the solid results you mentioned over the last couple of years with the growth. But obviously it was also an easy comparison this year with the merchandising shift last year and one of your key competitors has talked about increasing merchandising in that business. So, Jeff, I was just hoping for a bit of a state of the union there on your cereal performance to key growth drivers going forward and where you're focused and expectations for the back half of the year?  And then a similar question on U.S. Yogurt trends did weakened sequentially in the quarter. I think you've had some greater competition on the low end. So maybe you can talk about the competitive environment in Yogurt. Your prospects for the back half of the year and with a number of the drivers you mentioned, do you think that business could actually get to growth in the back half of the year and expectations? That would be helpful. Thanks.
JonNudi: Dara, this is Jon Nudi. I will jump in and take both those questions. On cereal, we feel really, really good about our performance to date. The quarter was a terrific one. We were up 5% from an RNS standpoint. And it's really being driven by fundamentals. If you look at our marketing, we feel great about where we are in our major brands. In fact, we had the best quarter on cereals in over a decade with our total Cheerios franchise up 6.5%. Jeff mentioned some of our kids' cereals and Reese's Puffs and Travis Scott collaboration. So feel really good about our marketing and our big brands, at the same time our innovation is quite strong as well. In fact, we have the top four new products introduced over the last year in the category and nearly 50% of all the new category volume from new products is coming from General Mills. So feel really good about the fundamentals. And you mentioned the comp; we were a bit softer last year in Q2 from a merchandising standpoint. And obviously, we benefited from that. Our comps get a bit more challenging in the back half but as I look at the fundamentals behind marketing and innovation, we feel like we're going to compete very effectively as we move through the back half of the year. So we feel really, really good about cereal.  And importantly, the category was actually flat for the first time in quite some time in the quarter as well. It continues to get better over time. And we feel good about the future of the category and certainly the way that we're competing. Switching to Yogurt. As Jeff mentioned, our goal that we set at the beginning of the year was to improve from a minus two that we delivered in fiscal 2019. We took a bit of a step back. We were down 3% through the first half. And really two major drivers of that, one was that we lost some significant distribution at several major customers last January. We'll lap those distribution declines next month. And again, we think that'll be an inflection point. And also in the summer of fiscal 2019, we brought up the second line on Oui. And as a result, we spend a tremendous amount around marketing support to really drive that business.  In fact, in Q2 last year, wheat was up almost 40%. So our comps normalize in the back half on Oui. And that will help us from a comp standpoint. We feel really good about our core business. Original style Yoplait or Yogurt was up 1% in the quarter. Go Gurt was actually up 10%. We had some really great taste news. And we feel good about our new product lineup for the back half as well as Jeff mentioned, we are launching a new nondairy Oui which has coconut based. So we've got a Starburst promotion as well. So we believe that Oui are still on track to meet our objective of improvement from the minus two and we see Yogurt strengthened as we move through the back half.
DaraMohsenian: Okay. Can you just talk a little bit about some of the low-end competition you are seeing? And if that's an issue how you view that in Yogurt? Thanks.
JonNudi: Yes. I would tell you I don't think that's something that we're super focused on. Again, we think that across each of our lines we are very clear view of who consumers are. Our OSY, Original Style Yoplait, again that's where we probably see the highest private label interaction. And as I mentioned, we grew 1% even seeing private-label gain pretty strongly. So we believe if we focus on innovation and building our brands, we can be successful. And again, we believe that we're going to have strengthened the back half and meet our objective. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
JasonEnglish: Hey, good morning, folks. Congratulates on your pending retirement Don and welcome Kofi. Looking forward to working with you. I want to bring us back to Pet with a couple of quick questions on it. First performance in pet specialty, I guess I'm surprised by the continued double digit erosion particularly in context of the much improved results you are seeing out of Petco and PetSmart and the Carnivora launch. Can you give us some context around what's driving the sustained share losses there? And also the teens type growth on E-commerce, obviously, strong in absolute quantum of growth. But we're hearing Nielsen talk about 40% plus growth in e-comm. And obviously, we've seen the robust results continue at Chewy. The data suggests you may be losing share in E-commerce as well. If you could weigh in on your perspective there?
JeffHarmening: Yes. With regard to pet specialty, the results aren't particularly surprising to us in pet specialty. It doesn't mean we liked them and we're not working to turn them around. And the reason we've had tough results in pet specialty, I think there are two reasons. One is that in two of our biggest players were down on distribution quite a bit. And until we start lapping that which should be in the back half of the year we will continue to be down in. The second is we haven't had a lot of --we haven't had a lot of off-shelf placements on marketing in those channels which we're also looking to turn around. And so that's not all that surprising. The other thing is that the E-commerce channel does interact quite a bit with pet superstores. And we've had strong performance in E-commerce over the years including this latest quarter. And so that's probably accounts for some of those declines as well. But we're working. It's an important channel for us. And even if we're not surprised, it doesn't mean we're happy. And so our goal will then be to improve that performance in the near term. When it comes to E-commerce, there has been a lot written about e-commerce and I think especially about I think Chewy announced I think last quarter a 40% growth in their business. I think it's important to remember that their growth also includes pharmacy and hardgoods and not only pet food. In terms of our growth, we feel great with a number one pet food online. We're the number one CPG brand online. And we continue to grow with pet parents. And so in terms of market share there are probably three different sources for market share. We used two of them and according to that we're actually growing share in the channel. We haven't used Nielsen, frankly, because their data has not been as reliable as we would have wanted it to. To the extent that that changes here overtime we will pick up Nielsen. But we stopped using them because the data was not as robust as we needed it to be. I think it's also important to remember that Nielsen includes all E-commerce channels not just pure-plays like Chewy and Amazon but things like Target and Walmart and all the rest.
JasonEnglish: Got it. That's really helpful. One more and I'll pass it on. On the portfolio overall, you obviously have a sizable grain in offering as well as grain-free. Is there a meaningful margin delta between those two? And also what's the general price spread between those two? Thank you.
JeffHarmening: I would say for Wilderness, our pricing is higher on average than it is for the rest of the line and our margins are very robust. I'm not going to get into specifics of that, but our margins are very robust. And so as those with all our pet food. So I would say Wilderness is our biggest grain-free line and it's got good margins and higher price point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 
FaizaAlwy: Yes. Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. So I had a couple of questions. First, I just wanted to go back to the DCM issue only because as you are aware it's a big. It's a big focus point for investors. And one is it's clear that you are not seeing an impact on from retail sales. But are you seeing any impact as you're looking at consumer sentiment out there? And is there anything sort of beneath the retail sales where you're potentially concerned about DCM at all? And then my second question is just a little bit broader question around your priorities. I guess if you just look at this quarter alone, you could come up with the perspective that you are prioritizing profitability and deleveraging, which is great and I don't mean to look at it on a glass half empty point of view. But maybe could you give us a little bit more comfort in terms of your priorities around top line growth and sort of what's driving this shift in investments toward the back half versus this quarter? Thank you.
JeffHarmening: Yes. So on DCM, I'll probably reiterate a statement I made a little bit earlier, which is to say that we haven't seen an impact on our business from this. Now there are a lot of moving pieces with channels and distribution bills and all the rest, but we have not seen an impact on our business from the discussion of DCM and there has been quite a bit of discussion. There's been a slowdown in the grain free segment within the category. So that also has to be said and some channels are impacted more than others, particularly the Pet Specialty channel more than the Food, Drug, and Mass channel. And so we'll certainly keep an eye on that. But from what we see now, it hasn't had an impact on our business and of course we're dedicated to -- Blue Buffalo was created with a mission to create the healthiest pet food possible and we'll maintain on that mission. And with regard to DCM and any other issues affecting pets, we're in constant communication with the FDA as well as the rest of the pet industry. In terms of our first half versus second half and kind of what we're prioritizing, I guess I would say our goal has been for the last few years and again this year is really stay in the middle of both. And we're increasing our organic sales, but we want to make sure we do that in a way that is disciplined. And I think if you look at our full year, we'll be able to accomplish that and we'll be able to accomplish that by increasing our organic growth rate and we'll accelerate that in the back half of the year as well as raising guidance on our free cash flow conversion and maintaining our guidance on our profitability. So if you look at the whole year, I would say that our goal is to increase our organic growth rate but to do so in a way that is as efficient as possible. It is true that in the first half of the year we accelerated our profitability more than we did our organic growth and I think you'll see a little bit of a change to that in the back half of the year as we spend more on brand building and we have confidence in the ideas that we have. We've got really good ideas on really big brands. So whether it's in Snacks with Nature Valley and Fiber One or whether it's in Yoplait Yogurt or whether it's on things like Cheerios or Cinnamon Toast Crunch, we have really good marketing ideas on really big brands and so we're going to -- you'll see us spend behind that in brand building in the back half of the year to accelerate organic sales growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
StevenShemesh: Good morning. This is actually Steve Shemesh on for Nik. Just another quick one on Pet. As we approach the leadership transition in Blue, just wanted to get a sense of if there have been or will be any significant operational changes? And I guess on that point, will Blue still have a somewhat independent sales force or is that going to be integrated into the broader General Mills sales force? Thank you.
JeffHarmening: Well, first I would say that our Pet performance seems to be pretty good right now. So we're going to keep doing what we've been doing and add innovation on top of that. A couple of things I think to remember. The first is that the Bishop family; Billy and Bill Senior and really Chris; they'll still be involved in the business as advisors going forward. And I just had a conversation with Bill yesterday and so they bring a lot of pet expertise and they will continue to bring that expertise. It just won't be in an operational role, it will be in an advisory capacity. The second is that we have a strong leadership team in place that's going to carry over. So we have someone who's been in Blue Buffalo for a long time leading our marketing organization and leading supply chain. We have an HR professional that's been there for a while as well as someone in finance. So the leadership surrounding Bethany who is going to remain in place and they've been very effective. And then finally, Bethany herself. We have a tremendous amount of confidence in Bethany and she's a great culture builder and has proven she can drive growth as she has in CNF and she's excited to do the same thing in Pet with the team around here. So we feel good about the leadership transition. Obviously the Bishops are fantastic and we will miss them, but they will remain involved and we have a great deal of confidence in Bethany and the rest of the herd.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
RobertMoskow: Hi, thanks for the question. Two things. In the guidance for the back half, I think consensus is expecting operating profit to be flat to down already. Is that kind of what you're thinking if we had to isolate third quarter in particular because of the comparisons and the $25 million and all of that? I wasn't sure from the script. It sounded like you thought -- it sounded like the opposite, but I couldn't tell. And then secondly, I noticed in the press release that lower consumer promotional expense was one of the drivers of the gross margin being higher. Does that include trade promotion or is it specific consumer promotions that you're talking about and to what extent is that I guess being offset by the higher media expense? And maybe you can give us little more clarity on how much media is going to be up for the year. Lot of questions in there, but yes.
JeffHarmening: All right, I'll do my best Rob.
RobertMoskow: Sorry. I tried to be clear if nothing else.
DonMulligan: So for the second half if you just do a squeeze, we're 7% on operating profit. We're 7% up in the first half, our guidance is 2% to 4% so it squeezes to flat to slightly down in the second half. I mean that's just the math and as we alluded to, there is particularly pressure because of the unwinding of the inventory and the Pet sales timing in Q3. And we'll also see a step-up in our media and in the capability building in Q3 and through the second -- through the fourth quarter. So you will see those pressures come through probably more acutely in the third quarter than the fourth quarter and the fourth quarter obviously will also benefit from the extra month in Pet and the extra week across the business. That's the phasing. The promotional expenses were not trade, they were actually in we call other consumer so they're in SG&A. And to your point, they were down a touch, but media was up strong mid-single digits in the quarter. And again as we said in the second half, we expect media to be up mid-teens in the balance of the year. So we continue to invest behind our brands. We're seeing it more directly in our media budget and media spending this year and we expect that to step up in the second half.
RobertMoskow: And Don, can you give us any color on trade spending like there's been a shift in the industry overall toward higher trade spend and lower brand building. Are you saying that your trade spending is going to be about the same and then in addition to that, you're going to increase the direct to consumer as well? How would trade spending be affected by this If at all?
DonMulligan: I'd say it's not. The media spend is in addition. I'll let Jon talk a little about the trade in a second, but I'll just go back to the comment I made to Andrew's question is. If you step back and look at the shape of the P&L the way it's coming in this year, you're seeing the benefit of all the work that we're doing in terms of gross margin. Ex the timing and the purchase accounting adjustment from last year, gross margin is expanding about 30 basis points to 40 basis points in the first half and that was in both quarters. Media is up mid-single digits through the first half and again accelerated in the second quarter and our admin expenses have been held in check. And so, we're leveraging those to drive operating margin expansion and that's what we expected to do during the year. As Jeff alluded to, we actually came in a bit more -- with a bit higher profit in the first half than we had originally anticipated and that gives us some flexibility to invest in the back half. That investment is going to be in media, in capabilities, in future growth initiatives such as the Pet innovation not in higher trade. So Jon, if you want to comment a bit about the environment you're seeing.
JonNudi: Yes. So Robert, our trade spending in the US is relatively stable year-over-year. We're leveraging strategic revenue management to try to get more from those dollars and leveraging that whole toolkit but relatively stable. And we're really excited about the opportunities on the brand building side. I'd tell you that we've got probably more ideas than ever in terms of where we can get behind and there are proven drivers and invest behind big brands like Cheerios with heart health news, we're seeing amazing results. So we'll be competitive and compete in our categories from a trade standpoint and will build our brands where we have media as well. So, we feel really good about the few we have to drive our business forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim Securities. Please proceed.
LaurentGrandet: Yes, hi. Good morning, everyone. And congrats, Don, and welcome, Kofi. Just to follow up on the US share growth category. Could you please update us on how you see the state of the Yogurt business, the recent relaunch of YQ, I mean the launch of Good Valley and Oui by Yoplait that we certainly can't see in Nielsen. And also could you share your aspiration for Oui dairy free that you just announced and how it fits with your overall plan base strategy that most probably include your investment in KKL? Thank you.
JonNudi: Sure, Laurent. This is Jon. So as I mentioned earlier, we were a bit softer in the first half than we'd like on our Yogurt business. And as I mentioned, we feel like we've got drivers in place to improve in the back half. Some of the things you asked about our Good Valley as well as YQ, I would tell you candidly they did not perform as well as we would have hoped through the first half. I would say distribution is a bit below -- lower than what we would have liked, particularly on Good Valley. We've got some real pockets of success and we're drilling in to understand what's working and how we can expand that brand out. As we move to the back half, we are excited about our innovation line up. As you know, plant-based yogurt is growing nicely, it's still relatively small and we think that coming with the repackaging will be a real point of difference and we love the product as well. So we think that will help us as we move forward and play in a really important part of the category that's growing quickly. So we'll continue to innovate and iterate in that category. I'll tell you there's probably more innovation in Yogurt than the other 25 categories we compete in the US and we as a result, recognize that we have to have a strong pipeline and continue to bring ideas as the consumer is continually looking for new things in the category.
LaurentGrandet: Thank you very much. And have you got the time for our second question. So I'd like to understand I mean the rest organizational change between I mean Dana McNabb moving from Cereals to Europe, I mean any update on that transition? I mean how it is, which would impact I mean European business you think. And also I mean how you fill her shoes in the US so the business that's working very well for now.
JeffHarmening: Yes. So, the transition is going smoothly. Dana is being replaced in Cereal by Ricardo Fernandez, who is an exceptional leader with really good knowledge of the Cereal category. So one of the things I feel great about is that we have a very good team of people Cereal experts here at General Mills. And I would also say Dana has had a great team in Cereal and they're remaining in place. So we've got good people in marketing and finance and operations and so the rest of that team is remaining in place and they're a very talented group. And so my expectation is that we'll continue to grow Cereal as we have in the US. Dana is a fantastic leader. She knows Europe very well. She spent time with me at CPW so I know Dana well. And so she knows the European market context. She's a very good marketer, she really likes to grow. And so looking forward to what she can do with that business and continue similar trajectory we've had on Old El Paso and maybe even improve it further and improve what we've done on bars which has been really good and Haagen-Dazs. And then she'll have a chance to make sure we get our Yogurt business in Europe back to growth, which has underperformed along with the rest of the yogurt category. So, she's a terrific leader who understands the market and she'll be starting there in about 10 days. End of Q&A
Jeff Siemon: All right. Bridget, I think -- unfortunately I think that's all the time we have. So, thanks everyone for your questions this morning. I know we didn't get to everyone so please feel free to follow-up over the course of the day. And Happy Holidays, everyone. Thanks for listening in this morning.
Operator: And that does conclude today's presentation. We do thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great rest of the day and Happy Holidays, everyone.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-09-18 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the First Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, September 18, 2019. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us for the General Mills first quarter earnings call. I'm here with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO; and Jon Nudi, who leads our North America Retail segment, who is here for the Q&A portion of the call. And before I turn it over to them, let me cover a few housekeeping items. A press release on our Q1 results this morning was issued over the wire services, and you can find the release and a copy of the slides that supplement our remarks this morning on our Investor Relations website. Please note that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, let me turn it over to my colleagues, beginning with Jeff.
Jeffrey Harmening: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter net sales performance included encouraging improvement in North America Retail and strong growth in our Pet segment, driven by good innovation and effective brand-building investment. We got off to a slower start in our other segments, and we expect topline improvement in those segments and for the Company starting in the second quarter. On the bottom line, we delivered profit and earnings growth ahead of our expectations while continuing to invest in our brands and our capabilities. We remain on track to deliver our fiscal 2020 goals, including accelerating our organic sales growth, maintaining our strong margins and reducing leverage. Slide 5 summarizes our first quarter financial results. Net sales totaled $4 billion, down 2%. Organic net sales declined 1% with lower volume, partially offset by a positive price mix across all operating segments. Adjusted operating profit grew 7% in constant currency driven by a one-time purchase accounting adjustment in the Pet segment in last year's first quarter. Adjusted diluted earnings per share totaled $0.79 and grew 13% in constant currency, driven by higher profits and below the line favorability. As a reminder, we outlined three key fiscal 2020 priorities on our Q4 earnings call. First, we will accelerate our organic sales growth. We are working to improve growth in North America Retail by maintaining momentum on Cereal and improving U.S. Yogurt and U.S. Snacks. We are also focused on driving another year of strong growth on Blue Buffalo. We delivered solid results for these segments in the first quarter. The results in our remaining three segments were below our expectations. In a few moments, I'll share how we'll step up the Company's organic growth rate starting in Q2. Our second priority is to maintain our strong margins and we delivered positive results here in Q1. And our final priority for 2020 is to maintain a disciplined focus on cash to achieve our fiscal 2020 leverage target and we had a good start to the year on this measure as well. With these priorities in mind, I'll cover our Q1 segment results in detail with a particular focus on the topline before turning it over to Don to review our performance on margins and cash flow. Turning to the components of net sales growth on Slide 7. Organic net sales were down 1% from a year-ago, driven by lower volume, partially offset by a positive price mix across all five segments. Foreign exchange was a one-point drag in the quarter. First quarter organic sales for North America Retail were flat, compared to the prior year, which was a two-point improvement on our fourth quarter trend, and we delivered net sales improvement across most of our operating units. In U.S. Cereal, we maintained our positive momentum with net sales up 1%. We saw early traction in U.S. Snacks with net sales down to 1% compared to a 4% decline in fiscal 2019. U.S. Yogurt net sales were flat to last year and I'm happy to say that our strategic revenue management actions drove one-point of positive price mix. Constant Currency segment operating profit increased 2% in the first quarter, driven by benefits from HMM cost-savings and positive price mix, partially offset by input cost inflation and higher brand-building investments. Our in-market performance in North America Retail also stepped up in Q1. As you can see on Slide 9, we've driven a steady improvement in our two-year retail sales trends since fiscal 2017. In the first quarter, our U.S. Nielsen-measured retail sales were flat versus a year-ago and we held or grew share in five of our 10 largest categories including Cereal, Refrigerated Dough, and Soup. We know we still have room to improve including some key categories like Yogurt and Snacks, and we'll continue to focus there to strengthen our overall growth profile. Let's dive a bit deeper into our first quarter performance in North America Retail, starting with Cereal. We grew U.S. Cereal retail sales in fiscal 2018 and 2019 and our results accelerated in the first quarter with retail sales up 1%. We outpaced the category, expanding our share of leadership position through increased investment behind compelling consumer ideas such as our Cheerios Heart Health Campaign and strong in-store execution and events. We also had another impressive quarter on innovation with the top five new products in the category including Blueberry Cheerios and Cinnamon Toast Crunch Churros. I am very pleased by our performance in U.S. Cereal and I'm excited about the plans we have for the rest of the year to continue our momentum. We are executing well on the fundamentals of innovation and brand-building and we'll continue to drive these levers in the rest of the year. Last year, we improved U.S. Yogurt retail sales behind our strategy to expand in the faster-growing segments of the category and to support our core with brand-building investment and on-trend equity news. In fiscal 2020, we'll continue to improve U.S. Yogurt with a strong lineup of innovation, brand-building and product news. Through the first three months of the year, yogurt retail sales were down 2%. We drove retail sales growth on the core with Original Style Yoplait flat to last year and Go-GURT up 13% due to increased distribution on Go-GURT Dunkers and Go-GURT Simply as well as strong back-to-school merchandising. The Simply Better segment, which now represents 12% of the category, continues to be an attractive growth space. We drove 8% retail sales growth on our products in this segment behind our better-tasting YQ product reformulation, which now prominently features the protein benefit on the updated packaging. And we launched into a growing beverage segment with our new Yoplait Smoothies. In total, we like the news and innovation we are bringing to the U.S. Yogurt category this year to drive further improvement in our retail sales trends. Turning to U.S. Snacks. We have a long track record of growth on this business. However, fiscal 2019 was certainly a more challenging year. In fiscal 2020, we're focused on improving our performance behind innovation, renovation, brand-building support, and in-store execution. In the first quarter, retail sales were down 2% cutting our fourth quarter declines in half. Retail sales trends for Nature Valley improved each month during Q1, driven by positive results of our wafer bar innovation and a stronger back-to-school merchandising season. Retail sales for Fiber One have also improved each month since we reformulated the product line to be more relevant for modern weight managers. While we still have distribution losses from earlier this calendar year, our gross returns per point of distribution have stepped up in recent months. For the remainder of the year, we'll continue to execute our F 2020 plans on bars and we expect to see continued retail sales improvement. We are focused on competing effectively everywhere we play, including our profitable $4 billion U.S. Meals & Baking operating unit. First quarter retail sales for Old El Paso grew 5% due to increased distribution, consumer news and merchandising as well as price realization across channels. We returned soup to both retail sales and share growth in the first quarter. We drove retail sales up 2% due to a broad-based strength in the soup portfolio and we have solid plans in place for the upcoming soup season. We had a great year on our refrigerated dough in fiscal 2019 and that performance has continued into this year. First quarter retail sales were up 2% and market share increased by a full point driven by distribution gains and in-store execution behind innovation. In total, we are off to a good start on these businesses, and we think we’ll step up to have a successful year on U.S. Meals & Baking. Overall, we are encouraged by our first quarter results in North America Retail and we are focused on the right priorities to improve organic sales growth in fiscal 2020. Shifting gears to Pet. I am pleased to say that we had a great first quarter with net sales up 7%. This includes lapping an extra week of reported results in last year's first quarter. Excluding this timing difference, net sales were up in the mid-teens. Our growth was led by our expansion into the food, drug and mass channel, and we generated seven-points of positive price mix in the quarter. Looking at in-market performance, we drove all-channel retail sales up low double-digits, and we grew share again in the quarter. First quarter segment operating profit totaled $81 million, compared to $14 million a year-ago, driven by the $53 million purchase accounting adjustment in last year's Q1 as well as higher net sales this quarter. On Slide 15, you can see how the key components of our double-digit retail sales growth breakout by channel. Retail sales were up more than 100% in the food, drug and mass channel as we benefited from our expansion to new customers and the launch of Wilderness in food, drug and mass in last year's fourth quarter. Importantly, retail sales for food, drug and mass customers who have carried BLUE more than 12 months were up 50% versus last year. As we expected, retail sales and pet specialty continued to decline by double-digits. This is an important channel for BLUE and we continue to support the channel through unique programs and innovation. For example, in the second quarter, we're launching CARNIVORA, a new super premium offering for pets exclusively into the pet specialty channel. We also have plans to execute exclusive programs in this channel later this year, including our new Baby Blue program, which we'll tell you more about next quarter. And BLUE continues to win in the rapidly evolving e-commerce channel with retail sales up 20% in the quarter, resulting in further market share gains. We remain on track to deliver 8% to 10% like-for-like growth for our Pet segment this year. We're also focused on a successful leadership transition as Billy Bishop moves into a Founder and Brand Advisor role in January; and Bethany Quam, currently President of our Europe and Australia segment assumes day-to-day management of the Pet segment. We remain confident in this business and are excited about the growth prospects ahead. In the Convenience and Foodservice segment, organic sales were down 4% in the quarter, primarily driven by lower bakery flour volume and the negative impact of flour index pricing, both of which resulted from a decline in an underlying wheat prices during the quarter. Despite near-term pressure from flour, we continue to drive good growth on our higher margin Focus 6 platforms. Net sales for these platforms were up 2% in the first quarter, driven by strong performance in the K-12 schools, including our new two-ounce equivalent grain cereals and our bulk Yoplait yogurt. Segment operating profit in Q1 declined 6% from year-ago levels that were up 14%. In Europe and Australia, organic sales declined 5% due primarily to a challenging retail environment in France impacting yogurt and ice cream, where we were unable to secure agreements with some key accounts on inflation-driven price advances resulting in loss distribution. Additionally, we had a headwind in the UK and France driven by changes in merchandising timing. On a positive note, we drove good retail sales growth on snack bars and Old El Paso behind innovation and consumer news. First quarter segment operating profit decreased 15% in constant currency, driven primarily by the timing of brand-building expense and lower volume, partially offset by positive price mix. In Asia and Latin America, organic sales declined 3%. Sales in our three key emerging markets Brazil, India, and China fell short of our expectations in the quarter. In Brazil, we saw retailers draw down inventories early in the quarter. In India, we changed our route to market to focus on more strategic and profitable distribution. And in China, we saw lower volumes on Häagen-Dazs due to slower consumer traffic in shops and on Wanchai Ferry the pricing actions we implemented to cover significant pork inflation. First quarter segment operating profit in Asia and Latin America totaled $10 million, down $2 million versus a year-ago primarily due to lower net sales. Looking ahead, we expect to drive improved organic sales trends for the Company beginning in Q2. Slide 19 summarizes our key focus areas by segment. In North America Retail, we'll continue to focus on maintaining momentum in U.S. Cereal while improving U.S. Yogurt and Snacks. In Pet, we'll continue to drive strong retail sales growth in the food, drug and mass and e-commerce channels, and we’ll execute exclusive innovation and programs in Pet specialty. In the remaining three segments, we'll see acceleration in our organic sales growth starting in Q2. In Convenience and Foodservice, improvement will be led by our Focus 6 platforms, where we'll benefit from strong innovation in Schools and Convenience Stores. We also expect bakery flour volume will improve, that we continue to expect index pricing on flour, which is profit neutral to be a drag on net sales. In Europe and Australia, we'll benefit from increased merchandising and we'll continue to drive strong performance on snack bars and Old El Paso. We'll also lap the impact of our distribution loss on Häagen-Dazs in the second half of the year. In Asia and Latin America, the retail inventory in Brazil and distribution headwinds in India that we experienced in Q1 are largely behind us, and we expect to see improvement in the second quarter driven by new strategic revenue management actions and increased levels of innovation from Häagen-Dazs cones in Asia, Betty Crocker ready-to-eat snacks in the Middle East and new spicy dumplings in China. With that, I'll turn it over to Don to review our Q1 performance on margins and cash flow. Don?
Donal Mulligan: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on Slide 21 by summarizing our joint venture results in the quarter. CPW posted topline growth for the fourth consecutive quarter with constant currency net sales up 2%. CPWs growth was broad-based with continued momentum in the UK, Australia and the Asia, Middle East and Africa regions, as well as a return to growth in Latin America. Häagen-Dazs Japan net sales grew 6% in constant currency driven primarily by growth in core minicups and a comparison to a double-digit decline in last year's Q1. First quarter combined after-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $22 million, compared to $18 million a year-ago, driven by lower restructuring charges at CPW and higher net sales, partially offset by higher brand-building expenses. Turning to total company margins on Slide 22. First quarter adjusted gross margin and adjusted operating profit margin were up 160 basis points and 130 basis points respectively, driven by benefits from positive price mix in all segments and last year's $53 million purchase accounting inventory adjustment in the Pet segment. Input cost inflation and Holistic Margin Management cost savings were largely offsetting in Q1. And for the full-year, we continue to expect input cost inflation in HMM to be 4% of cost of goods. Slide 23 summarizes other noteworthy Q1 income statement items. Corporate unallocated expenses, excluding certain items affecting comparability increased by $22 million in the quarter. Net interest expense decreased $15 million, driven by lower average debt balances and lower interest rates. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.9%, compared to 22.7% a year-ago, driven by international discrete tax benefits in fiscal 2020. In Q1, average diluted shares outstanding were up 1%. Slide 24 provides our balance sheet and cash flow highlights in the quarter. Our core working capital totaled $624 million, down 7% versus last year's first quarter, driven by continued improvements in accounts payable. First quarter cash flow from operations was $572 million, down 6% from last year, driven largely by slower core working capital reduction versus last year's Q1, partially offset by higher net earnings. Capital investments totaled $70 million and we paid $298 million in dividends in the quarter. As detailed on Slide 25, we remain on track to deliver our fiscal 2020 guidance. We expect organic net sales to increase 1% to 2%. With an updated view on foreign currency, we now expect the combination of currency translation, the impact of divestitures executed in fiscal 2019 and contributions from the 53 week in fiscal 2020 to increase reported net sales by approximately 1%. Constant currency adjusted operating profit is expected to increase 2% to 4%. Constant currency adjusted diluted EPS is expected to increase 3% to 5% from the base of $3.22 earned in fiscal 2019. We currently estimate that foreign currency will be immaterial to adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. We continue to target free cash flow conversion of at least 95% of adjusted after-tax earnings and we remain on track to achieve our leverage goal of 3.5x net debt to adjusted EBITDA by the end of the fiscal year. Now I'll turn it back over to Jeff for some closing comments.
Jeffrey Harmening: Thanks, Don. And before we close, let me add a little bit more color on our Q1 results relative to our expectations. We feel very good about our performance in North America Retail and in Pet, where our Q1 organic sales results were modestly ahead of our expectations. For our other three segments, we expected coming into the year that Q1 will be the slowest quarter of growth driven in part by the fact that we were lapping our strongest quarter of growth for each of these segments last year. Our Q1 results in these segments were a bit below our expectations, largely driven by the shortfall in flour and Convenience and Foodservice and the retail inventory reduction in Brazil. We had expected and continue to expect to see growth ramp up in these segments starting in Q2, driven by the factors I mentioned a moment ago. On the bottom line, our Q1 profit and earnings per share results were ahead of our expectations, and based on those Q1 results and our plans for the remainder of the year, I am pleased to say that we remain on track to deliver our full-year fiscal 2020 goals. With that, let me open up the line for questions. Operator, can you please get us started?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is open. Please proceed.
Andrew Lazar: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Donal Mulligan: Good morning.
Jeffrey Harmening: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hey. I guess, first off with organic sales in fiscal 1Q, particularly in the three segments, you talked about a bit below expectations. I guess in order to get back to your own sort of original internal plan for the year, would you expect that to come from really more a recovery in the international and CS&F segments? Or anticipating North America Retail and Pet need to maybe bear a little bit more of the weight around accelerating than initially planned?
Jeffrey Harmening: So Andrew, the first thing I would say is that we – we did reiterate guidance for the full-year of 1% to 2% growth, and we feel good about that because as I said, primarily the two things that we're different than what we expected were flour index pricing on the flour and retail inventory in Brazil. And the retail inventory in Brazil, we think we'll correct itself starting in the second quarter, which leaves the retail flour piece, the index pricing on flour really the biggest difference versus expectations. As we head into the rest of the year, we fully expect without giving guidance on each and every segment, we fully expect that the segments that were below our expectations will improve significantly in the second quarter. And I would say we've got good momentum on Pet and we've got good momentum on North America Retail, which are our most profitable businesses, and I don't see any reason why that momentum shouldn't continue into the second quarter as well.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. And that's helpful. I appreciate it. And then just lastly would be, I think in fiscal 2019, you had mentioned that about in North America Retail and maybe this is best for Jon. I think seven of 10 categories held or gain share. I think this quarter it was five of 10. I know that can move around probably quarter-by-quarter, but anything to read into that that we need to think about as we go forward through the year? Thanks so much.
Jonathon Nudi: Yes. Hi, Andrew. I guess, overall, I'd say the short answer is no. We feel really good about the trajectory of our business. At our Investor Day, we said we wanted to do three things. One is continue our momentum on the Cereal and we did that in Q1, up 1%. We feel really good about that. And then we wanted to improve our performance in Snack Bars and Yogurt, and we were able to accomplish that as well. So again, we feel very much like we are on track again quarter-to-quarter, you have some levels and share, but overall, we feel like we're performing well and are on track for what we expect for the year.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. The line is open. Please proceed.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Jon, just looking at the narrowed gap between shipments and takeaway in North America in the quarter, I think the outlook for fiscal 2020 was that you continue to see retailer destocking. So are you seeing anything there improving a bit sooner than expected? Or are there any discrete benefits in terms of Q1 shipments that may be reverse or moderate going forward.
Jonathon Nudi: Hi, John. As we mentioned in fiscal 2019, we saw about a point gap between RNS and Nielsen, really driven by retailers focusing on reducing the working capital and inventories. We expect that to continue. It's not readily apparent, but due to rounding, we still saw about a half point gap in Q1 between RNS and movement. And we do expect to see a gap throughout the year, and again, we'll have to see how much that is as the year plays out.
John Baumgartner: Okay. And then just a follow-up on U.S. Yogurt. One pillar to that strategy is stabilizing Yoplait Light. I mean, you're still cycling through some pretty big year-on-year distribution losses there. It's been flat sequentially I guess since January. I'm curious, looking at the recovery in Go-GURT, which also went through distribution losses, you’re back to mid single-digit growth there. Do you have a sense of confidence that maybe once you get into the back half of fiscal 2020, Yoplait Light does begin to at least stabilize back to the dollar growth overall? I mean is that kind of finding the bottom for distribution at this point?
Jonathon Nudi: Again, the short answer I think is yes. And as we look at our business, our biggest business, our Original Style Yoplait, the Red Cup, and that was flat, actually grew slightly in Q1. And then Go-GURT is a really important kid business for us as well. So we'd say that's the core. The tail is really Light and Greek. And Greek, for all intents and purposes, has very little comp left there. And then Light, we do believe it’s stabilizing and we've got some marketing that we're going to be rolling up throughout the year that we think can improve that. But if you look at the Yogurt business, I would actually focus on, again Original Style Yoplait and Go-GURT, and then the Simply Better segment, which is where we think the category is going. 12% of the category today, I think like Oui and YQ, it's growing double-digits and we're the share leader, and we continue to introduce new products into that segment as well. So we feel good about our plans for yogurt. Again, coming out at Investor Day, we said we wanted to improve half of that down two in fiscal 2019. We were able to do that in Q1 and feel like we have good plans in place to move forward.
John Baumgartner: Great. Thank you for your time.
Jonathon Nudi: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. The line is open. Please proceed.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi. Good morning and thank you. I wanted to ask two questions. Number one, in terms of organic volume, I know you don't want to be too specific on quarters, but you did talk about the second quarter, getting a little bit better. You do have an easier comparison, there are some better factors as you mentioned in terms of Brazil and so forth. Is it reasonable for us to model in at least flat organic volume as you see it in the second quarter now? Or is it a little bit optimistic?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. I think that we're certainly going to get better on organic volume and you'll see the biggest change in that and actually in Convenience and Foodservice because flour is pretty heavy and we lost a lot of volume in Convenience and Foodservice. And so as we get our pricing back in line and we share innovation kicking in Convenience and Foodservice, actually you’ll see a pretty good volume gain there because we won't have as much of a negative drag from flour and we've got some good innovation in K-12 schools.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. Thank you for that. And then I wanted to ask, Jeff and Jon, you did talk about snacks getting a little bit better from a percent basis, but if you look at the comparison, look at the two-year, it did actually worsen a little bit from the fourth quarter of 2019. I'm just curious, when can we think about a real turnaround in snacking when the absolute dollars start to rise and we start seeing legitimate improvement there because it feels like the improvement this quarter perhaps was just on an easier comparison a little bit.
Jonathon Nudi: Yes. So Ken, this is Jon. As you look at our snack business, it’s really three key businesses, the first the snack bars and I want to dig into that in a little bit more detail. The second one is fruit snacks, and the third is salty. And fruit salty had a good Q1 combined they grew year-over-year and we need to make sure that we continue that as we move forward. If you remember, we had capacity constraints from fruit in fiscal 2019. We now have capacity, so we feel like we're going to accelerate on fruit as we move throughout the year. So we feel good about those businesses. I think the story is going to really be about snack bars. And as we've talked, it's really about Nature Valley and Fiber One. On the Nature Valley in fiscal 2019, our innovation wasn't where we need it to be and we missed the key back-to-school merchandising window. As you look at Q1 on Nature Valley, we had a very good back-to-school, in fact incremental and displays were up double-digits in the month of August. And our innovation is Krispy Kreme wafer bar, which is off to a really good start. So we saw sequential improvement month-by-month on Nature Valley, and we expect that to continue. And Fiber One, that's been again a challenging business for us over the last three or four years with significant declines. We renovated the product in the spring, and are seeing some really encouraging results. So if you remember, we went to 70 calories on Fiber One Brownies, five grams net carbs, two grams of sugar and really get back in line with modern weight managers going from five Weight Watchers points to two, and the early results are quite encouraging. In fact, we've seen our turns from point of distribution up double-digits. Our distribution is down year-over-year, so that will be a bit of a drag. I think the inflection point from a distribution standpoint were really be the turn of the calendar year as we lap some significant distribution declines in both Nature Valley and Fiber One. So we are encouraged. We believe that we're very much on or maybe slightly ahead of where we expect it to be at this point on snacking and feel like we'll improve as we move throughout the year.
Kenneth Goldman: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. Just a question on Pet. Just looking at the numbers that we see in Scanner Data and also looking at those statistics you had on the other channels, and wondering what you think we will be seeing in the coming quarters. And we're seeing that SKU count going up a lot. ACV is going up a lot. And then you mentioned specialty is down double-digits, but you have some new offerings going there and then e-commerce. So could you give us a sense of what we're going to see throughout this fiscal year by channel and maybe the complexion of the growth? Thanks.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. David, I think you will see us continue to grow in the food, drug and mass channel, especially through the second and the third quarter behind distribution build that we have on Life Protection Formula, so increased distribution there as well as the rollout of Wilderness across previously existing customers. And we're really pleased to see in the food, drug and mass channel, we have year-over-year growth, which I think is really important. So not only have we gained distribution, but as consumers are starting to find it more in that channel, they're really going to Blue Buffalo. So we like the growth we see in food, drug and mass and certainly over the next couple of quarters, we see continued growth in that channel. In the Pet specialty channel, as you noted, we had double-digit declines in the first quarter. We certainly think that will probably still decline in those channels over the coming quarters. We will hope we'll get a little bit better. As you can see, we've got some innovation and things like CARNIVORA and like Baby Blue. We're still lapping some distribution losses, but we're starting to see some traction on some of our innovation and some of our marketing ideas. And so as we go throughout the year, we would certainly expect for that channel will get a little bit better. And then with e-commerce, we feel good about what we're doing in e-commerce. I think I mentioned at the end of last year that the e-commerce channel for Pet had slowed a little bit, but we would see an increase in this coming year we thought. And that's exactly what we're saying and our performance is good in e-commerce. So we have a high degree of confidence that will continue to grow and be the market leader in the e-commerce channel.
Donal Mulligan: And the only thing I would add to that is that as you recall at our Investor Day, we talked about the calendar differences in Pet this year. So we had a one-week drag in the first quarter that Jeff alluded to in our comments and then we'll have a one-month addition in the fourth quarter, we'll also then be lapping the rollout to Walmart in the beginning of the Wilderness expansion. So as we said in the Investor Day, we expect Q2 and Q3 to be our strongest organic growth quarters, ex the calendar changes.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim. The line is open. Please proceed.
Laurent Grandet: Hey. Good morning, Jeff and Don. Thanks for the opportunity. So let me first focus on the other segments. In your prepared remarks, you mentioned you’re off to a slower start and that you were taking action to address topline improvement in second quarter. I know you alluded to some of those in your comments, but could you please elaborate a bit more on those three different subsegments? And I will have a second question, please.
Jeffrey Harmening: So we'll go around. In Europe and Australia, what will improve in the second quarter is that, we will return to our increased merchandising levels because we really had lower merchandising levels in the first quarter, vis-a-vis a year-ago. And so we had our strongest quarter of the year last year in Europe and Australia, and it was driven by two things, a strong ice cream season and higher merchandising levels. We’ll return to higher merchandising levels in the second quarter. So we have a high degree of confidence in the UK and France to our biggest markets, our performance is going to improve. We'll still be lapping some distribution losses on Häagen-Dazs, so it won't get all the way to bright, but it will improve significantly. In Asia and Latin America, the biggest thing that will change is going to be the trajectory in Brazil. What we thought going into the year that our – that retail inventories would climb in the first quarter because last year we had a trucker strike as you may or may not recall. It's materializing later than we had anticipated. And we'll see that pickup in the second quarter of this year. In fact, we've already started to see it. And so Brazil will be the biggest change. Here, we've mentioned India, that in India, we pulled back on some distribution in the first quarter. We were planning on doing it. We pulled back faster than we thought. And what we see in the first quarter, it makes it for a tough first quarter. It should make our second quarter better because we've already taken that distribution out. And then in Convenience and Foodservice, we certainly have a lot of confidence in that business. And we've been growing that business over the last year or two. We'll pick back up in the second quarter. It really is a matter – you can see our Focus 6 grew 2%. That becomes a bigger part of our portfolio as kids go back-to-school and our K12 business is strong, and we've got great innovation there. And we've adjusted our flour pricing, so that will be less of a drag. And so we have a high degree of confidence that we'll return to momentum in our Convenience and Foodservice business.
Laurent Grandet: Thanks, Jeff. Very helpful. The second question is – and Don, no disrespect to your retirement announcement, but one of the major events during the quarter was the announcement of Billy Bishop moving to an advisory role.
Donal Mulligan: [Indiscernible]
Laurent Grandet: Lots of questions about this from investors. I mean could you give us a bit more comfort that this transition would be as smooth as it can be? And explain a bit further the role of adviser that Billy will take.
Jeffrey Harmening: So I think it's a fair question, commentary on Don not included. I thought, I think for Billy, Billy and I have been talking about this for quite a while, this transition. So this is not a surprise transition for us. We had talked about the timing many months ago. And one of the first I'd tell you, one of the things it allowed us to do is to get what I consider to be a great backfill in for Billy. And Bethany Quam, who's a terrific brand builder and knows the sales channel and marketing and really helped us get back on track in C&F a few years ago. And so it allows – who I think is a – someone great back in place. The other thing I would tell you – it's interesting. When we decided to buy Blue Buffalo, when I first met Billy almost two years ago, there are a few things that made this seem like attractive opportunity. One was the growth space of Pet and the growth of natural and organic. But beyond that, when Bill and I talked, it was interesting how similar the cultures of Blue Buffalo were to General Mills, and also how their strategy for growth parallel our strategy for growth. And how they think about brand-building is very similar to ours. And so the underpinning of that hasn't changed with the new leader coming in.  And the growth strategy that Billy has outlined is one that we very much believe in and we believed in before we bought Blue Buffalo. And so – and the way they built the Blue Buffalo brand, when they think about their brand is the same way we think about building our brands, and the kind of leadership that Billy provided, we think that Bethany will provide. In terms of adviser, I'm excited to have Billy come onboard as well as to have Bill senior as well as their brother, Chris. And so the Bishops will still be in an advisory capacity, and they provide a lot of pet experience, a lot of marketing experience, a lot of new product experience. And this advisory role is nothing new for us. Gene Kahn stayed on for an adviser for many years on the Cascadian Farms in lower America and LARABAR. And so this role of adviser, especially a founder's, is really important. They provide a lot of legacy knowledge about the business, and we're thrilled that Billy and his dad and brother are going to stay on in that capacity.
Laurent Grandet: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please proceed.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks, and thank you for the question. So I want to delve into Pet a little bit more. We've heard that the Carnivora launches were reasonably well received by Petco and PetSmart, and it sounds like you're getting around four feet of space. A couple of questions on that: A, is that kind of consistent with your expectations? B, when will it hit? And you mentioned sort of a low double-digit retail sales offtake versus a mid single-digit underlying shipment. Was some of that delta, that spread the result of early shipments to the pipeline still ahead of that? And if you are getting four feet, can you give us some sort of context of proportionate to what you have now? Like how much incremental all-in space do you expect in that channel?
Jeffrey Harmening: All right. So let me take those series of questions, Jason, and I'll try to hit all of them. In terms of Carnivora, we're excited about the launch. Most importantly, it really started shipping in August. And that's important because August in the Blue Buffalo calendar actually falls in Q2. So none of the Pet Specialty results that we just talked about for Q1 include Carnivora being in the marketplace. And so we'll – that's why as we think about Pet Specialty, our initiatives to improve the growth in that channel really start in Q2 and Carnivora is a piece of that. The growth expectations you talked about will certainly be consistent with what we would have in mind. We think they'll be incremental. It is certainly accretive from a price per pound perspective because it is really premium priced even to Wilderness. So to the extent that there is steal from other product lines, I mean it'll certainly be price accretive for General Mills. And there's one more question you had that I – Oh, shipments, the difference in shipments really and consumption is that it's really the extra week. So it's not necessarily inventory build. It's really the extra week because our – kind of our like-for-like sales were up mid-teens in terms of growth. And so the difference between that and retail and what we reported was really one extra week, and our shipments lined up pretty well with our external takeaway.
Jason English: Got it. Okay. I'm tracking. That makes sense to me. And in terms of the margin profile for the business relatively healthy even absent the step-up, the lumpiness of the inventory step-up cost. Do you still – is that business, the profitability, still being burdened by the plant start-up expense? And could you remind us sort of the cadence to that start up and what sort of margin acceleration, we should see as you ramp capacity in this new facility?
Donal Mulligan: Yes, we've largely through Q1 now digested the plant start-up costs. So the benefit of the new plant will begin coming through as you alluded to, we're pleased with the Q1 margin performance beyond just the step-up, just the increase of the lapping the inventory step-up charge from last year, we had nice flow through on the incremental sales that we saw on a like-for-like basis, and we expect that to continue for the year. We expect this business – and while we're talking, our business, to be – going to be actually most profitable segments. And I think you'll see that is the year unfolds.
Jeffrey Harmening: To build on Don's comment I think the other reason we saw good profitability in the first quarter was because of our pricing. I know there's been a lot of discussion on pricing and Pet, but we saw seven points of price mix and we saw all – kind of all sizes of our Pet products improve in pricing in the first quarter, and while we sold 85% more of the small bag. We sold 220% more of the larger bags and so the, as we look at it. Our price per unit was up I think 15% or something like that. So in addition to what Don talked about in terms of the plan start-up. We also saw good pricing in the first quarter.
Jason English: Got it. Thank you very much guys. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray. The line is open. Please proceed.
Michael Lavery: Good morning. Thank you.
Jeffrey Harmening: Good morning, Michael.
Donal Mulligan: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: Could you just dissect price mix a little bit further, obviously there is a bit of a lift from just better momentum on Blue Buffalo and some of what you just referenced, within that segment as well, but are there any trade promotion timing shifts or anything we should watch out for in terms of pacing. And then a separate from that, can you just dissect a little bit what the drivers – is it some of the more weight outs or list pricing, what are some of the mechanics of how you're building the good momentum you're getting there?
Jeffrey Harmening: Well, I would say. Let me start with an answer. I mean pricing in Pet is probably the most complicated ventures because there are so many different sizes and formats available. And so if I go too far on the weeds, I'm afraid we may lose everybody. But what I say is that as we look at, we did take list pricing last January. So we did see some list pricing, we also saw some positive mix by bringing wilderness in. And the other thing I mentioned our small sizes less than five pounds we actually, increased the price of that over the quarter by 15% and the price per pound is pretty high, and the small bags. And we sold a lot more of the larger bags the 10 pounds to 20 pounds and we increased the dollar sales a load by 220%, and the pricing of that was up 9%. And so – and there are a whole lot of things going on. But I think that's why I read it back up to – we get seven points of price mix and total and some of it was less pricing and some of it is mix and we think we'll continue to see some pricing into the next quarter on less pricing and we'll see some more on the mix as well.
Michael Lavery: And I apologize. That's very helpful color. Maybe I've worded it poorly. But I meant total company, with that being a piece. Can you just touch on some of the broader levers, just as far as the rest of portfolio?
Donal Mulligan: Yes, Michael. This is Don. We continue to expect their price mix is going to be a positive contributor all year. Each of our segments have plans in place to drive price mix some through price, some through mix, some through a combination. I think if you look quarter-to-quarter, Jeff touched on some of the dynamics, you'll see in Pet. One of the things I would highlight is the other thing that we touched on was the shift in timing of our promotional activity in EU, particularly in the UK and France, which is going to shift more into Q2 and Q1 on a year-over-year basis, that would be the other thing that I would point to. We also do not expect weak prices to rebound. So the drag that we saw for weak prices in the first quarter in C&F will continue to expect volume to improve at our flour, but not necessarily the pricing component. Some of the main other that I think you're going to see fairly consistent and positive pricing through the year, not certainly at the level of the Plus 3 we saw in the first quarter, but the full-year we still expect it to be positive.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. The line is open. Please proceed.
Robert Moskow: Hi, good morning.
Jeffrey Harmening: Good morning, Robert.
Robert Moskow: Hi, there. I've just two questions, one is your share gains in breakfast cereal have been really impressive, the execution has been great. Should we expect tougher comparisons for the rest of the year in terms of market share gains for breakfast cereal just because you're lapping some launches or do you think that you can continue that momentum? And then second question is on Convenience and Foodservice, I get the impact of the flower, but your profits are down to in the quarter. And I was just wondering, I thought I remembered last year that you had taken pricing maybe ahead of inflation in your Convenience Store part of the business, and I thought that there was kind of a risk that, okay, at some point that pricing would have to come back down. Am I misinterpreting that? Or should we assume that your pricing in Convenience and Foodservice ex flour is still in line with inflation? Thanks.
Jonathon Nudi: HI. Rob. This is Jon. I'll take the U.S. Cereal question first. I would say we feel really, really good about our Cereal business in the U.S. we grew an absolute terms for the third consecutive quarter we've actually grown share for seven of the last eight quarters, and it's really behind very strong fundamentals starting with brand building, I tell you that we're more clear than ever on who are. Core consumers are for each of our brands, whether that be your boomers for having that cereals where we're serving up cholesterol messaging and heart health; whether it's being on Reese's Puffs, collaborating with Travis Scott, or finally, on Wheaties, doing things like partnering with Serena Williams and the U.S. Women's National Soccer team. I think our marketing is as strong as it's been for quite some time, and that's really driving our baselines. And then Jeff touched on the upfront remarks on innovation. We had five of the top six products in the category in fiscal 2019. And our innovation in fiscal 2020 is off to a good start with Blueberry Cheerios and Peanut Butter Chex. So we would expect to continue to perform well and we fully intend to continue to hold and grow our share leadership in the category.
Robert Moskow: Got it.
Donal Mulligan: And Rob, on C&F, your recollection is correct. We did – we start taking pricing at the end of our F 2018, we saw the benefit of that in our Q1 of F 2019 that's one of the contributors to the fact that we grew profit 14% last year, it would be top line 4% and the bottom line is 14%. And set pricing – the pricing has held we are lapping it though. But we did have positive two points of price mix in Q1, which is a reflection of the fact that pricing has held, and we continue to expect with food service to have positive price mix for the full year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. So we shouldn't expect kind of a give back on profits as a result of that. It's like you've taken the pricing you've held it and you're now in line with your inflation?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. That's correct. We just in Q1, it was just lapping the initial – initial in case of the price increase.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. The line is open. Please proceed.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Jeffrey Harmening: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: All right. So just a couple of quick questions here, firstly on pets. I think one of the larger players, talked about increasing competitive – increasingly competitive pricing in the Pet Specialty channel, particularly around trial-sized bags. Is that something that you saw? Or is it really just not something that particularly directly in competition with you clearly you've managed to take pricing and mixed up kind of across the board. But I'm just curious about those competitive dynamics in there. And then sticking with pet are you able to make any preparations for the likely increase in meat prices next year because of African swine fever? Or do you believed that your mix of meat is likely to mean that you're really not that exposed to that potential increase in input costs? Thank you very much and I'll pass it on.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. So, Alexia, on the pricing, first, I would say from a macro perspective, kind of starting with consumer, you don't win in the Pet segment by taking prices down. You win in the Pet segment by delivering what parents are looking for, which is one of the reasons why private label is so low in Pet. People are looking to feed their pets, the best quality product and we think in many cases that's Blue Buffalo. So that's kind of our starting philosophy. In terms of the small sizes, I can understand the commentary because our small sizes were – by maybe one of our competitors, because our small size, growth was up 85% in the food, drug and mass channel. But our growth overall was up 137%. And the – our small sizes are still in many cases are 100% premium to our largest competitor, so they're still premium priced. And the prices in the first quarter on the small sizes were actually up double-digits on a price per pound basis. So when I look at it. Yes, we have more small sizes, but that's because we were growing more quickly in a new channel. It is certainly not our intention and it didn't manifest itself in the first quarter that we're going to be more competitive on price. And I think that's why I spent some time also referencing the price mix for us was up 7%, so in terms of being more competitive. I suppose, if you consider that we entered pretty, pretty forcefully into a new channel. Yes, it's more competitive in that sense, but on a pricing sense actually no.
Alexia Howard: Great. And on the African swine fever?
Donal Mulligan: Yes. To the extent that – we're not going to give a forecast for next year's inflation, we'll take that into consideration as we're building the plan for next year. To the extent that we see inflation, we would have cost actions are pricing actions to offset it.
Alexia Howard: Okay, great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. The line is open. Please proceed.
Kenneth Zaslow: Hey, good morning everyone.
Jeffrey Harmening: Good morning.
Kenneth Zaslow: Are there any more initiatives? Or what's the runway on HMM? You don't talk as much about that as you used to, so I'm just trying to figure out, I know it's a consistent cost savings opportunity, but is there incremental opportunity. Is it still going at the same pace? Can you just give a little bit of parameters around that? And how much cost opportunities it will be, not just for this year, but going forward?
Donal Mulligan: Yes, Ken. Thanks for raising it. HMM is certainly one of our, I think, our key capabilities, and one that sometimes we take for granted. So I appreciate you raising it, because it is a strong contributor to our profit picture again it will be roughly 4% of our COGS this year, fully offsetting what is a bit of an elevated inflation period. As you will know the kind of most recent new capability or aspect of global sourcing of HMM that we implemented was our global sourcing. That continues to pay dividend, not only in our savings, but you saw it in our working capital as well with continued extension on our terms and accounts payable, so it has a double benefit for us. And we continue to add new capabilities. And as those manifest themselves and we have line of sight to the incremental savings that are available, we will certainly be vocal about that externally. As you look today, we are very comfortable with 4% of sales or – 4% of COGS as a solid runway for our HMM initiatives.
Kenneth Zaslow: And then just my follow up is, can you talk a little bit about e-commerce? I didn't hear any details on that. I'm assuming it's still growing, but any sort of commentary on that would be helpful as well. I'll leave it there.
Jonathon Nudi: So, Ken. This is Jon. Maybe I'll talk about North America Retail. We continue to see nice momentum in e-commerce it was up about 50% in Q1. In North America, we continue to over index online versus bricks and mortar as our capabilities are strong and again we're working hard to make sure we are top of the basket. And we feel like we've got great capabilities that are again helping us to be advanced in this space. Continues to grow nicely, we think we're well positioned.
Kenneth Zaslow: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. The line is open. Please proceed.
Bryan Spillane: Hi, good morning everyone.
Jeffrey Harmening: Bryan, good morning.
Bryan Spillane: Just one question from me I think at the top you talked a bit about just how in the first quarter, sales were a little below expectations for the reasons you cited in the places where you did, but actually profits running ahead of plan. So I guess could you talk a little bit about what's driving that. But I guess, more importantly, as we look through the rest of the year to the extent that profitability is running ahead of plan, would the bias be to spend that back especially given the success that you're having continuing the improvement especially in North American Retail? Is it just provide more flexibility in case stuff goes wrong? But just trying to get a sense of how we should interpret that?
Donal Mulligan: Sure, Bryan. I'll do the full year first. And you think about the year, as we talked about in July, we expect our strong margins to be stable for the full year. There's a couple of factors to take into account. One is the purchase accounting adjustment, that was a Q1 plus. I talked about positive price, mix which will be a benefit all year. HMM and inflation will be largely offsetting through the year and our brand-building investment was up in Q1 and that will actually increase during the course of the year. So our strongest margins will be in Q1, largely because of the lapping the purchase accounting, but also because the brand building, while it was up, will increase during the course of the year. So that's why I think about the year how the margins are going to unfold.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, great. Thanks. And if I could just follow-up just in China, I think you made the mention about maybe slower traffic in the shops for I guess Häagen-Dazs in China. Just is there anything that we should be thinking about there in terms of just the macro environment getting slower, I think before you started the year you talked about maybe poor cost being up for Wanchai Ferry just a little bit more color on what's happening in China and just how we should think about that would be helpful? Thank you.
Jeffrey Harmening: Sure. Yes, in China, the growth did slow in our shops in the first quarter and that's not – that was not unexpected because we have seen the economy slowing there. It's still growing. So when we say the growth has slowed it has shown but it is still growing, which I think is important. And we've adjusted some of our tactics for our Häagen-Dazs shops to drive more traffic starting in starting in the second quarter. And then on Wanchai Ferry we took prices at the end of last year because we saw the African swine fever and the pork prices go up. So we took some pricing, and we did so a little bit ahead of our competition. We've seen them starting to take pricing there. So as we head into the second quarter we see improvement in our Wanchai Ferry business. And so in China, we saw our business in China decline a little bit, but not really a lot behind our expectations because we saw these macro forces at play. And so our ability to get our China business back to growth really doesn't depend on a change in the macro environment. It really realize on tactics we've taken to drive more consumers in store and on our competition catching up with us on pricing on Wanchai Ferry, which is why we have confidence that we can improve that business heading into the second quarter.
Bryan Spillane: Great. Thanks, everyone.
Jeffrey Harmening: It's time for one more.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Strycula with UBS. Your line is open. Please proceed.
Steven Strycula: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Jeffrey Harmening: Hi, Steve.
Donal Mulligan: Good morning.
Steven Strycula: So one quick question for Don, and then a follow-up. So on the gross margin piece Don, if we strip out the Blue Buffalo contribution is it right to think that gross margins were up roughly about 30 basis points in the first quarter on a like-for-like basis, and given the brand building that you're doing? Can you speak to what specifically it is throughout the balance of the year? And why that steps up? And should that mean that maybe the run rate for the balance of the year is closer to like flattish. And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Donal Mulligan: Yes. That's the math is right on Q1. So the $53 million step-up in inventory rolling over is about 130 basis points, so it does account for most of the gross margin improvement. As the year unfolds we're going to – we're seeing a slight step up in our media, that will increase, we're also keen to build capabilities around data and analytics to get deeper in that area. I think we talked about that a little bit in July, we've built e-commerce capabilities, we continue to invest there. We can do invest in our strategic revenue management all around how we manage and drive decisions through data, and you'll continue to see those capabilities being invested behind as the year unfolds.
Steven Strycula: Okay. And my follow-up for Jeff, so do we see that incremental spend for brand-building and data analytics. Is that going to be more SG&A? Or is that still, for accounting purpose, roll through COGS? And then a strategic question is, the inventory drawdown that we're seeing in the U.S. is that at all tied to the evolution of click and collect, meaning how retailers are merchandising in their stores and inventorying them or just carrying fewer days on hand because of how click and collect impacts the business. Could you comment there? Thank you.
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. So on the brand-building side, I would say without getting into specific on where it goes on the line of the P&L, what we're talking about on brand building is not increase – is not increased price promotion, it really is brand building and whether we do that through our customers or whether we do that through some sort of a mass media as Jon Nudi highlighted, I think our North America Retail Marketing is really good right now, especially in Cereal, but even for some of our other businesses and on Pet. And so to the extent that we see an opportunity to improve our brand building behind things like Pet or Old El Paso or Cereal we'll continue to do that because we're seeing some pretty good returns and we like what we're doing. So I'm not going to get go line-by-line, but that's what we see. And then your second question…
Steven Strycula: Inventory?
Jeffrey Harmening: On inventory, you want to talk about that?
Jonathon Nudi: Yes, sure. So Steve, I'd say the inventory reduction is probably less tied to click-and-collect, but related to data analytics and just technology. I think our retailers have better tools now, it's really I understand how much the inventory, they need to have in the warehouse, as well as on the shelf, and they're leveraging that technology to bring down their inventories and still have good in-stock position. So again, I think its technology and data analytics, not necessarily click-and-collect.
Steven Strycula: All right. Thank you.
Jeffrey Harmening: Okay. I think that gets us to full-time. Thanks everyone for your engagement and will be available throughout the rest of the day for any follow-ups. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-06-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, June 26, 2019. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Jeff Siemon, VP, Investor Relations. Please, go ahead sir.
Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Tanya. And on behalf of General Mills, thanks everyone for joining us this morning. I'm here with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; and Don Mulligan, our CFO. In addition, Jon Nudi, who leads our North America Retail segment, is joining us for the Q&A portion of the call. I'll hand the call over to them in a moment, but before I do let me cover a few different housekeeping items. A press release on our Q4 and full year fiscal 2019 Inc. results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning and you can find the release and a copy of the slides that supplement this morning's remarks on our Investor Relations website. I'll remind you that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation was factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Jeff.
Jeff Harmening: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. In fiscal 2019, we executed well, successfully transitioned Blue Buffalo into our portfolio and delivered on our financial commitments. We met our sales growth guidance and we exceeded our guidance for profit, for earnings per share and for cash flow. We also delivered double-digit top line and bottom line growth for Blue Buffalo, as we said we would at the beginning of the year. And while we're pleased with these results, we know that there's still room for improvement. Turning to fiscal 2020, we'll continue to pursue our Consumer First strategy and our Compete, Accelerate and Reshape growth framework. We'll drive innovation and invest in our brands and capabilities to accelerate organic sales growth. We'll continue to execute our HMM and strategic revenue management, or SRM programs, and maintain our strong margins. And we'll continue our cash discipline to reduce our leverage. On slide 5, you can see the key financial performance metrics for our fourth quarter and the full fiscal year. For the fourth quarter, net sales totaled $4.2 billion, up 9% in constant currency. Organic net sales declined 1%, driven by lower volume. Adjusted operating profit grew 5% in constant currency, driven by the addition of Blue Buffalo and strong HMM savings, partially offset by higher inflation and other supply chain costs. It should be noted that this profit performance compared against by far our strongest quarter of growth last year, when adjusted operating profit was up double digits. Adjusted diluted earnings per share totaled $0.83 and grew 6% in constant currency. For the full year, net sales totaled $16.9 billion, up 9% in constant currency. Organic net sales were in line with year-ago levels, with growth in our Asia and Latin America and Convenience Stores and Foodservice segments offsetting declines in North America retail and Europe and Australia. Adjusted operating profit for the year totaled $2.9 billion, up 10% in constant currency, due to the addition of Blue Buffalo. Full year adjusted diluted EPS totaled $3.22, an increase of 4% in constant currency. A year ago, we laid out three key priorities for fiscal 2019; grow the core, transition Blue Buffalo and deliver our financial commitments. Let me spend a few minutes summarizing our performance against each of these priorities over the past year. We outlined five keys to growing the core in 2019, including improving our U.S. Yogurt and emerging market businesses, strengthening our innovation, stabilizing distribution in the U.S. and increasing benefits from price mix. I'm pleased to say that we made measurable progress against each of these areas. At the same time, we experienced challenges in a few other areas, most notably U.S. Snacks, which held us back from fully realizing our top line ambitions. We have plans in place to improve our organic sales growth in fiscal 2020 and you'll hear quite a bit more about those plans at our Investor Day in two weeks. We competed more effectively in fiscal 2019 as measured by our market share performance. We held or grew share in seven of our top 10 U.S. categories, which represent roughly 85% of our Nielsen-measured sales. Thanks to the solid innovation in brand building, proactive execution of our SRM initiatives and improved distribution trends. This included encouraging share gains in some of our largest categories including Cereal, Yogurt and Refrigerated Dough. Of the three categories where we lost share, Soup was down just 10 basis points after a year where we delivered strong share gains. On Fruit Snacks, we were capacity-constrained in a growing category in fiscal 2019. We have capacity coming online in early fiscal 2020 that will unlock growth for our brands in that segment. And our biggest opportunity is clearly in U.S. snack bars. At Investor Day, Jon Nudi will go into more depth on our plans to improve Nature Valley and Fiber One performance in fiscal 2020. With that as a background, let me spend a bit of time summarizing our grow the core performance in fiscal 2019 on our large global platform starting with Cereal. We are encouraged by our continued positive momentum in Cereal, across U.S. retail, Convenience Stores & Foodservice and our Cereal Partners Worldwide joint venture. In U.S. retail, the Cereal category has sequentially improved for eight consecutive quarters. We grew our retail sales for the second year in a row and we extended our leading market share position through good brand building and very good innovation. On Lucky Charms, compelling consumer news and refreshed advertising helped drive a second consecutive year of retail sales growth and we had a great year on innovation, led by Cheerios Oat Crunch, Cinnamon Toast Crunch churros and Fruity Lucky Charms. In fact, five of the seven largest new products in the category in fiscal 2019 were Big G Cereals. We're encouraged by early results of our April launch of Blueberry Cheerios and look forward to another strong year of innovation and brand building in fiscal 2020. Beyond U.S. retail, we drove strong performance in our Cereal platform in the Convenience Stores & Foodservice segment in 2019. With net sales of low single digits, we saw good results on Bowlpak cereals and K-12 schools and bulk cereal in colleges and universities. In our CPW joint venture, constant currency net sales increased low single digits for the year, with broad growth in Asia, the Middle East, Continental Europe, the U.K. and Australia. I'm also pleased with the improvements we made in our U.S. Yogurt business in fiscal 2019. As you can see on slide 10, we've improved our trends significantly over the past two years. We also grew share for the full year, a first since fiscal 2015. We improved our core Yogurt business, which represents more than 50% of our retail sales and includes brands such as Go-GURT and original style Yoplait. All family messaging on equity flavors such as Sour Patch Kids drove mid-single-digit retail sales growth on Go-GURT. And originally Sour and Yoplait stabilized behind more real fruit news. We continue to post some -- post impressive retail sales growth in the simply better Yogurt segment, including a 48% increase on Oui and contributions from YQ. In fiscal 2020, we expect further improvements in U.S. Yogurt, as our strong consumer marketing plans and innovation continue to drive growth, while the declines in our Greek & Light product lines are less a drag on our results. Shifting to our accelerated platforms Häagen-Dazs, Old El Paso snack bars and natural and organic, we grew retail sales on three of the four platforms in 2019. Häagen-Dazs retail sales were up double digits, as we broaden distribution of mini cups and Stick Bars across Europe and Asia and launched compelling innovation, including our new Barista line of coffee-inspired flavors, as well as peanut butter pints and stickbars. Old El Paso retail sales grew low single digits, led by strong performance in North America. Our U.S. retail sales were up 6% behind our Anything-Goes campaign as well as in-store taco stand displays, which showcases a variety of offerings to make Taco Night easy. Retail sales results continue to vary across geographies for Snack Bars. Fiscal 2019 results in the U.S. underperformed our expectations with retail sales down mid single-digits. Fiber One, declined significantly in fiscal 2019, as we fell out of step with modern weight managers. And on Nature Valley, our innovation and in-store execution did not meet our objectives. On a positive note, EPIC and Lärabar continued to increase availability and retail sales for our treat bar and product line were up 50%, as we expanded into more stores and offered incremental pack sizes. Importantly, we continue to drive strong performance on Snack Bars outside of North America with retail sales up 30%. In Europe and Australia, we've posted 26% retail sales growth and even more impressive, we posted retail sales and share growth across all markets. Retail sales for Bars in our Asia and Latin America segment were up 47%. Asia drove outsized growth behind distribution gains and portfolio expansion on Nature Valley and sweet Creek Snack Bars. On our Natural and Organic platform, retail sales were up low single-digits in F 2019 as decline from our [indiscernible] offerings and channel-specific product lines were more than made up for by strong growth on our core products including Annie’s Mac & Cheese, Bunny Grahams, Muir Glen tomatoes and EPIC meat bars. We continue to invest to accelerate growth across these four platforms in fiscal 2020 and you'll hear more about it from our segment leaders about those plans at our Investor Day in two weeks. Our second growth priority was to successfully transition Blue Buffalo, while maintaining momentum on the business. I think we can confidently say that we delivered against this priority. We delivered our F 2019 pro forma growth guidance with an 11% increase in the top and bottom lines versus the prior year adjusted for purchase accounting. We continue the momentum on Blue with retail sales of high single-digits led by the Food Drug and Mass or FDM channel and strong growth in e-commerce. And we significantly expanded distribution in FDM reaching 65% ACV for the final month of the fiscal year. Average year-to-date retail sales for Blue were up high single-digits and we continue to gain market share in the category. Looking at results by channel. Blue retail sales and FDM were up triple digits and we continue to grow and gain share across customers in this channel. Perhaps most importantly for customers for Blue has been a distribution for at least 12 months, retail sales grew nearly 30% in the fourth quarter versus last year. In the month of April, Blue was the market share leader in a number of FDM accounts and held double-digit market share at three large customers. In Pet Specialty, retail sales for Blue declined double-digits in F 2019 consistent with our expectations. This channel remains important for Blue and we'll continue to partner with Specialty customers to bring product variety, unique innovation and education to serve Pet parents in the channel. For example, we're launching Carnivora, a new super premium product line under the Blue banner and a Pet Specialty channel later in this summer. In e-commerce, which makes up roughly a quarter of Blue Buffalo in net sales, we saw category retail trends slow in the back half of the year. Still, Blues' retail sales continue to outpace the category and we extended our market share leadership in this channel. E-commerce sales, retail sales for Blue were up 21% in fiscal 2019 and we see more growth ahead as Pet parents increasingly look for Pet food online where Blue is the number one brand. Overall, we're happy with Blue Buffalo's performance in year one and we see a long runway of growth ahead for this important business. For our third fiscal 2019 priority, delivering on our financial commitments, I am proud to say that we did just that. We exceeded our guidance for operating profit, for earnings per share and free cash flow conversion in F 2019. We generated two points, the positive organic price/mix by leveraging our enhanced SRM capability including positive price/mix in each of our segments. We also delivered record levels of HMM. And our strong cash flow focus allowed us to pay down $1.3 billion in debt, helping reduce our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio to 3.9 times. This was ahead of our initial F 2019 goal and bolsters our confidence that we can reach our target of 3.5 times by the end of F 2020. With the clear understanding of our work in fiscal 2019 and where we can still improve, we've outlined three priorities for fiscal 2020, which can be found on slide 15. Our first priority is to accelerate our organic net sales growth. We'll improve growth in North America retail by maintaining momentum on Cereal, continuing to improve U.S. Yogurt and improving U.S. Snacks through sharpened execution, strengthened innovation and increased capacity on platforms where we were constrained a year ago. We'll also see accelerated sales growth as we bring Blue Buffalo into our organic sales space and we continue to drive strong growth for that business in F 2020. Blue Buffalo will shift to a May year-end to align with our corporate calendar, which will add an extra month of results in F 2020. On a like-for-like basis, we expect Blue Buffalo net sales to increase 8% to 10% in F 2020 and we're targeting double-digit growth on a reported basis. Our second priority is to maintain our strong margins. Benefits from our long-running HMM cost savings program and contributions from our SRM actions will continue to provide fuel to invest in brand building on our highest priority and highest return categories including Cereal, Pet, our accelerated platforms and U.S. Yogurt. In addition, we'll invest to drive deeper data and analytics to support our e-commerce and SRM capabilities. As our -- and our final priority for F 2020 is to maintain a disciplined focus on cash to achieve our fiscal 2020 leverage target. With these priorities in mind, we expect to deliver on the fiscal 2020 guidance laid out on slide 16. Namely, we expect organic net sales to increase 1% to 2%. We're targeting adjusted operating profit growth of 2% to 4% in constant currency. We expect constant currency adjusted diluted earnings per share to increase 3% to 5% and we're targeting free cash flow conversion of at least 95% of adjusted after-tax earnings. I am confident in our strategies and our plans for F 2020. With that, I'll turn it over to Don to review our F 2019 financial results and the 2020 financial outlook in more detail.
Don Mulligan: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning everyone. Jeff provided a high-level summary of our fiscal 2019 financial results. I'll share a few additional details starting with the components of net sales growth on slide 18. Organic net sales were down 1% in the fourth quarter, driven by a lower contribution from pound volume. Organic net price realization and mix was flat in the fourth quarter compared to three points of positive price/mix in the same period last year. Foreign currency translation was a two-point headwind to net sales, and the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures added 10 points to net sales in the quarter, primarily driven by Blue Buffalo. As Jeff mentioned, full year organic net sales were flat to last year with volume down 2% offset by two points of positive price/mix. And on a two-year basis, we saw both organic volume and price/mix improve sequentially from the first half to the second half of fiscal 2019. Turning to our segment results on slide 19. Full year North America retail organic net sales were down 1% unlike Nielsen-measured retail sales growth by about one point, which was in line with the expectations we outlined at the beginning of the year. Our SRM actions drove one point of positive organic price/mix for the full-year, which was two points ahead of last year's results. Fourth quarter organic net sales rounded down to a 2% decline, driven primarily by declines in U.S. Snacks in Canada. We saw unfavorable price/mix in the quarter driven by higher promotional expense, as we returned to normal merchandising levels this quarter after having relatively little in-store activity in last year's Q4. Second half price/mix was favorable by one point in line with the full year results. And fourth quarter retail sales trends were slightly positive in U.S. Nielsen-measured outlets with market share gains in the majority of our top U.S. categories. Full year segment operating profit increased 3% in constant currency, primarily due to benefits from cost savings initiatives and lower SGA expenses, partially offset by lower net sales and higher product cost, primarily driven by input cost inflation. Fourth quarter segment operating profit, decreased 2% in constant currency compared against high single-digit growth last year. In Convenience Stores & Foodservice, organic net sales were up 2% for the full year, led by mid single-digit growth on our Focus 6 platforms. In fact, each of our Focus 6 platforms grew net sales in fiscal 2019, including strong performance on frozen baked breakfast and bowlpak cereals in K through 12 schools, Pillsbury Stuffed Waffle and Chex Mix snacks in convenience stores and cinnamon rolls and other frozen baked goods in Foodservice channels. Organic net sales were also up 2% in the fourth quarter, driven by continued growth on all Focus 6 platforms. Segment operating profit increased 7% for the full year, primarily due to benefits from cost savings' initiatives and positive net price realization and mix, partially offset by higher product cost, again primarily driven by input cost inflation. Fourth quarter segment operating profit was down 1%, compared against double-digit growth last year. In our Europe and Australia segment, organic net sales were down 1% for the full year. Declines on yogurt and the negative impact of a continued challenging retail environment in France were partially offset by growth on snack bars and ice cream. Nature Valley and Fibre One snacks delivered strong double-digit retail sales growth in fiscal 2019 as we secured distribution gains and brought successful innovation to market. Häagen-Dazs retail sales also grew double digits as we expanded distribution on mini cup, stick bar and pint innovations. Fourth quarter organic net sales were down 3% for the prior year period that grew mid-single digits. Segment operating profit decreased $19 million for the full year, driven primarily by higher input cost, including significant commodities inflation and currency driven inflation on products imported to the U.K., partially offset by lower SGA expenses. The bulk of that full year decline, $15 million was in Q4, reflecting the difficult comparison against 55% profit growth a year ago. Our Asia and Latin America segment delivered broad-based sales growth in fiscal 2019 including increases in China, Brazil and India, the segment's three largest markets. Full year organic net sales increased 6%, driven by growth on Nature Valley and Betty Crocker snacks in the Middle East, India and Latin America as well as strong performance on Häagen-Dazs across Asia and Wanchai Ferry in China. These results exclude the impact of the sale of La Salteña in Latin America and the sale of our yogurt business in China to a new Yoplait franchisee. Fourth quarter organic net sales increased 1% over the prior year period. It saw a double-digit like-for-like growth after adjusting for the calendar reporting change in Brazil. Segment operating profit increased $33 million for the full year, driven by organic volume growth, positive net price realization mix and lower SGA expenses, partially offset by higher input costs. Fourth quarter segment operating profit increased $13 million. Slide 23 covers our Pet segment results. As Jeff mentioned, we achieved our full year targets of double-digit top and bottom line growth for Blue Buffalo excluding purchase accounting charges. Fourth quarter net sales increased 38% on a pro forma basis, driven by significant distribution expansion in the FDM channel and the difference in shipping days from the month of acquisition. Fourth quarter segment operating profit increased 82% on a pro forma basis and grew 88% excluding purchase accounting charges, driven primarily by robust volume growth and benefits from SRM action that we implemented earlier in the year. Slide 24 summarizes our fiscal 2019 margin results. As we anticipated, our fourth quarter margins were down compared to significant margin expansion a year ago. For the full year, adjusted gross margin decreased 10 basis points and we delivered 30 basis points of adjusted operating profit margin expansion, driven primarily by record levels of COGS HMM savings, strong cost control in SG&A and the addition of the higher margin Blue Buffalo business, partially offset by input cost inflation and higher product costs. Slide 25 summarizes our joint venture results in fiscal 2019. CPW delivered its third consecutive quarter of top line growth and finished fiscal 2019 with constant currency net sales growth of 1%.  Full year Häagen-Dazs Japan net sales were down 7% in constant currency, driven primarily by seasonal innovation timing and declines in mini cups and crispy sandwich varieties. Combined after-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $72 million in fiscal 2019, compared to $85 million a year ago. The decline was driven primarily by our $11 million after-tax share of CPW restructuring charges as well as the lower sales in Häagen-Dazs Japan. Slide 26 covers other noteworthy income statement items in the quarter. Corporate unallocated expenses, excluding certain items affecting comparability increased $62 million in the quarter, driven primarily by higher incentive expense and favorable one-time items in the same period last year. Net interest expense was $12 million below last year's fourth quarter that included a $34 million expense related to the bridge term loan financing for the Blue Buffalo acquisition. That expense was excluded from our adjusted earnings. Full year net interest expense was modestly better than our expectations as strong cash flow allowed for accelerated debt reduction. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.6% compared to 26.7% a year ago, primarily driven by the net benefits related to U.S. tax reform. Our full year adjusted effective tax rate came in just below the low-end of our guidance range, primarily due to earnings mix. And average diluted shares outstanding were up 3% in the quarter. Slide 27 captures our balance sheet and cash flow highlights for fiscal 2019. Our year-end core working capital balance totaled $385 million, down 34% versus last year, driven primarily by continued benefits from our terms extension program and a bit from lower inventory balances. Full year operating cash flow totaled $2.8 billion and capital investments were $538 million, resulting in free cash flow of $2.3 billion or 115% of our adjusted after-tax earnings. And our strong cash discipline enabled us to pay $1.2 billion in dividends while reducing more than $1.3 billion in debt this year. Shifting to fiscal 2020, slide 28 captures our key financial assumptions for the year. Our fiscal 2020 results will include a 53rd week in the fourth quarter. Contributions from the 53rd week, the impact of divestitures executed in fiscal 2019 and currency translation are collectively expected to result in reported net sales growth finishing one to two percentage points above our organic growth -- sales growth guidance. Blue Buffalo will shift to a May year-end in fiscal 2020, and therefore, will include an extra month of results, which will impact our fourth quarter. As we've done with previous calendar alignments, we will include this adjustment in our fiscal 2020 organic net sales results. We're planning for growth investments in brand building and global capabilities like e-commerce and SRM to drive improvements in our organic growth profile in fiscal 2020 and beyond. We expect holistic margin management savings and input cost inflation to each total roughly 4% of cost to goods sold. We're roughly 50% covered on our global commodity positions at this point in the year. Below the operating profit line, we estimate benefit plan income for the non-service components of our plans will total approximately $120 million, up roughly $30 million from fiscal 2019 due to lower interest expense and higher recent asset returns. We expect net interest expense to total approximately $500 million and we're planning for the adjusted effective tax rate in fiscal 2020 to be in line with fiscal 2019 rate. And we anticipate average diluted shares to increase approximately 1%. Based on these assumptions, slide 29 summarizes our fiscal 2020 outlook for our key financial metrics. Organic net sales are expected to increase 1% to 2%, driven by improved growth in North America retail 8% to 10% like-for-like growth for Blue Buffalo and double-digit growth including the extra reporting month, and growth consistent with F 2019 for our Convenience Stores & Foodservice, Europe and Australia and Asia LatAm segments. We estimate constant currency adjusted operating profit will increase 2% to 4% from the base of $2.9 billion reported in fiscal 2019. Constant currency adjusted diluted EPS is expected to increase 3% to 5% from the base of $3.22 earned in fiscal 2019. We're targeting free cash flow conversion of at least 95% of adjusted after-tax earnings and we do not expect currency translation to have material impact on fiscal 2020 adjusted operating profit or adjusted diluted EPS. With that, let me turn it back over to Jeff for some closing remarks.
Jeff Harmening: Thank you, Don. And as we look at – as we look at next year, what I would like to say is that, I'm pleased with the way we executed this year. I'm pleased that we transitioned Blue Buffalo effectively into the General Mills family, and especially pleased that we delivered on our financial commitments. We have strong plans in place for fiscal 2020 to drive improved organic sales, while maintaining our strong margins. Firm and confident in our strategies and look forward to taking another step forward in fiscal 2020 on our path toward sustainable long-term growth. With that, I think we'll open-up the line for questions. Operator, can you get us started?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Ken Goldman: I wanted to ask a quick question about the 13th month for Buff this coming year. Without going into the nitty-gritty my math is that the extra month adds maybe 70 to 90 basis points to your expected organic top line growth rate. I just wanted to make sure that's correct or at least reasonably correct. And is it also safe to assume that the extra month will entirely benefit 4Q 2020?
Jeff Harmening: Yeah, Ken on your last question, yes. It will all – the extra month will all come in Q4. As far as the contributions to the organic growth, I mean, there is really three components. We said that CNF, Europe, Australia and Asia and LatAm will grow at the same rate – grow but at the same rate as this year. So the increase for next year is really – we're seeing it step up from a combination of Blues’ like-for-like growth at 8% to 10% we talked about the extra month and the base business. In fact they grow by about equally weighted, so you are probably a little high on what you're guessing for what you are estimating for the month and you should look for all three of those to have roughly equal weighting in that improvement from this year.
Ken Goldman: Okay. That's helpful. And then a quick follow-up, Jon, I know you – or I know Jon is going to discuss Snacks at the Investor Day, but it really seems to be worsening at least in what we are seeing in Nielsen right for a while. It was really Fibre One then Nature Valley started getting worse and now even LÄRABAR in measured channels is trending negatively. I know, we don't see everything in these – in Nielsen and IRI, but is there a structural issue you think that's causing really most of your major brands to decline at once here?
Jon Nudi: Yeah. Ken, thanks for the question. I think the short answer is probably not. In fact LÄRABAR grew 11% for the year. And I think there's some comps as we got into Q4. And LÄRABAR a big portion of that business is actually a non-measured channel's where we continue to do quite well. And we are very focused and frankly not satisfied with our performance on both Nature Valley and Fiber One and that's really what we need to turn around in the coming year. Nature Valley's really about getting back with meaningful innovation. We just launched Krispy Kreme wafer bar that we're excited about and it's very early days, but the early returns are good. And frankly, we didn't execute very well. We missed some key windows from a merchandising standpoint back to school. On Nature Valley, we feel like we've got good plans in place after this year. You know Fibre One's been a structural issue over the last few years. Consumer's, weight managers have really changed in terms of what they're looking for in terms of the macros of a product. So we just reformulated that product. It's flowing in the market now again early days but encouraging signs there as well. So, what I'd tell you we like LÄRABAR we don't believe there's a structural issue there. We love EPIC that's continued to grow nearly 50% this past year. It's really Nature Valley and Fiber One that we're focused on as we move into fiscal 2020.
Jeff Harmening: And to build on to Jon's point….
Ken Goldman: Thanks, Jon.
Jeff Harmening: I agree with Jon's perspective that it's not structural. It's some of the renovation execution in fact to that end, we're confident we'll sequentially improve in the first quarter in the first half of next year on Snacks and that will accelerate even further in the back half of the year.
Ken Goldman: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Frederick: Great. Thank you very much. A set of questions just around expectation on brand support in fiscal 2020, it seems like what's implied obviously the guidance is at first essentially operating margin call it to be flat year-over-year. But at the same time, you do have – of your doted you know margin mix benefits. It should be coming from – at least from Blue Buffalo. I'm just curious to hear as you think about total company vis-à-vis kind of the Blue Buffalo benefit, hopefully, it would imply that maybe there's still some margin contraction potential in other parts of the portfolio. And I'm not sure, if that given increased brand support levels or if there's maybe just flex in the overall P&L as we think about next fiscal year? Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: Well, there are two questions in there. One's about brand building support and the other about margins. So let me take the first, and I'll push it over to Don for the second. In terms of brand building support, what you will see is us increase our investment behind our brands especially our priority brands and businesses as we look at next year. And so, well I made some remarks. When you think about Cereal and what we like. We like what we see in Cereal. Obviously, U.S. Yogurt is improving and we want to keep that trend up. We need to get Snacks back on track. You'll see us invest behind some really good ideas on bars and on snacks, and then our accelerator platforms. So the things that are the biggest priority for us you'll see us improve our brand building not only because they're priority, but because we get good returns and we got some really good marketing on a lot of those businesses. So from a brand building perspective and then the same will be true with Blue Buffalo. And Blue Buffalo we're really encouraged by the trends we see in Food, Drug and Mass and we've got great marketing on Blue Buffalo. So you'll see us invest behind all those businesses as well as capabilities to drive growth. We talked about SRM and we're pleased with what we've done but there's more we can do. And with the e-commerce whether it's on Blue Buffalo or whether it's on our core business we think that there is more we can do and invest in those capabilities.
Jon Nudi: Yeah. I don't have a lot to add. Jeff touched on where the investment is going to go to drive the top line. And as you alluded to and as Jeff commented in his opening remarks, our focus is maintaining our strong margins and that's what the plan is here to do.
Rob Frederick: Okay. Super. Thank so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning. Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: I guess with Blue Buffalo entering the base in fiscal 2020 and including the calendar shift it would seem that – maybe that could drive about call it one point of organic growth in fiscal 2020 and I guess that suggests the legacy can be anywhere from flat to up one to hit your targeted organic sales growth range next year. I think organic was flat in fiscal 2019, and you obviously have got another year of significant reinvestment on cap this coming year. So I guess my question is, what would potentially hold back the organic if you will on the legacy portfolio potentially to just flat again? Is it not knowing may be how quickly Snacks and Yogurt responds or any additional sort of competitive concerns out there that are worth mentioning? Or is it really just you know again trying to be prudent and conservative in the way you're thinking about how organic growth sort of build on the legacy? Thanks so much.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So I mean, two questions -- two responses, Andrew. One is on, how we guide and the second is about kind of what our expectations are on how we guide. I mean, there's a natural tension there, because on the one hand, it occurs to us that doing what you said you're going to do is pretty important. And so we set our guidance accordingly. On the other hand, nobody really likes a sandbagger either in business or in golf. And so we don't -- we're not trying to be too conservative either. We want to set targets we think are going to be realistic that are going to drive value for shareholders, but that we're going to hit. So just is that as a -- that's the way we think about it. In terms of our organic sales growth next year, really Blue Buffalo's going to make a big contribution, but we think the North -- we've got great plans for North America Retail and that we think North America Retail, that's where we can see improvement behind maintaining momentum on Cereal, which we feel good about, improving our Yogurt business and improving U.S. Snacks. And so with those three things improving to the extent that we can hold with growth on Convenience & Foodservice, hold our business in EU, [indiscernible] where it is on growth and continue mid single-digit growth on Asia and Latin America that would -- that tells me that growing Blue Buffalo and improving our top line sales in our two areas we can look forward for growth.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Okay. Thanks for that. And then just a quick one. I realized portfolio mix in North America retail can swing the pricing number around from quarter-to-quarter quite a bit. If we're thinking about fiscal 2020, may be we can talk a bit about just how you see the contribution from volume and price playing out in North America retail?
Jeff Harmening: Let me take it to a company standpoint, and then I'll pass it to Jon for North America Retail. From a company standpoint, I -- first, I will take you back to fiscal 2019. At the very beginning of that year, we said we were going to see about 4% inflation but we needed some pricing and I think it's fair to say, there was some skepticism as well that we could do that or not broadly. And we're pleased that we were able to do that. And we said that the little pricing goes a long way, and it was about 2% versus 1% the year before. I would say that -- and we're not going to give how much pricing we're going to get next year, but what I would say is that we would expect to get a little bit of pricing next year starting in the first quarter. And we'll see a little bit of inflation. So for the company as a whole, we see return, we see some inflation in the coming year as Don indicated and we think that we will get some pricing as well. So, with regard to North America, Jon you might want to comment a little bit on this year and kind of what you expect?
Jon Nudi: Yes, sure. So Andrew you're right in the fact that there are some fluctuations between quarters for the back half of fiscal 2019, we were -- drove about a point of price/mix and that was the same as for the year as well. So we feel really good about our ability to leverage our SRM toolkit and really drive some pricing in the market. And we have good confidence as we move into fiscal 2020 that we'll continue that through Q1 and really through the fiscal 2020 as well.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane: I guess just two quick ones for me, maybe just following on Andrew's question. If we kind of take a little bit of pricing and what you're expecting in terms of HMM savings. Would it be safe to say that the expectation around gross margins are kind of flattish as we're looking at 2020. And then the second question I had was just simply, I don't know if you give it before, but just what you're expecting for CapEx for 2020?
Don Mulligan: Yes. We didn't give guidance on the latter, but it's certainly about 3.5%, so pretty much in line as a percent of sales of this -- from this year. As far as the construct of the P&L, you'll actually see some gross margin expansion. The key contributors you mentioned about the price -- the positive price/mix that we expect to get that Jeff alluded to. We also obviously have the one-time benefit of rolling over the inventory step up charge that was in F 2019. So we will see gross margin expansion. The investments that Jeff talked about in our brands and in our capabilities will be SG&A investments. So, you'll see SG&A go up as a percent of sales, again as I answered in the earlier question leading to stable operating margins.
Bryan Spillane: And just fair to say for 2020, there's less of a, I guess, need for pricing to sort of drive the gross margin relative to the position that you were in a year ago?
Jeff Harmening: A little less. We noted our HMM and inflation projections for 2019 are a little more in balance than we came in -- from 2020, excuse me, are a little more in balance when we came in for 2019, yes.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. Thank you for slotting me in. I have a couple of questions on Buff. First, real quick housekeeping. Sorry, may be I'm a little bit tense this morning, but I was having a hard time following the puts-and-takes on your growth expectations for Buff. Could you just give me a number of what you expect that business to grow at in 2020?
Don Mulligan: Well, yes, the like-for-like basis. 8% to 10%.
Jason English: And what has it been like for -- like does that exclude just the extra month?
Don Mulligan: Correct.
Jason English: Got it. Okay. And on the online component, you guys showed that 21% growth this year, which is obviously quite strong. But it was a pretty big deceleration from the 30% growth in the first half. It kind of suggests that you're probably tracking sort of low double-digits. And I guess my question's, what's driving that? Is that the whole channel has slown? Or has your market share started to drift lower? And regardless to kind of what the driver is if you can give us maybe your thoughts on the explanation of what's causing that?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So in the fourth quarter our sales in e-commerce were about 14% and the category itself grew less than that. So it really was about 10% or 11%. So we've gained share and gain share commensurate to what we've seen throughout the year, so it was really not a -- it’s not a slowdown in our competitive positioning within the category. If you are agreed about that the channel itself slowed. And I think there are probably a couple of components of that. The first is that there were players in that channel who were trying to take more profit in the category and then their sales slowed. I will also say if you look at Nielsen, you can see that not only the Blue Buffalo pickup in the last quarter of the year, but the FDM channel picked up significantly…
Jason English: Yes, Yes.
Jeff Harmening: …in the last quarter of the year, behind I would say Blue Buffalo loss. And so that is certainly another component. What I expect going forward, we'll talk about more on Investor Day, I -- pet food is really something that's built for e-commerce and whether that e-commerce takes place with pure players or whether it takes place with our traditional retail customers, I would expect at some point what we're going to see is that the e-commerce channel itself will start to reaccelerate and that will accelerate with it. But it's not -- to answer your question it's not Blue Buffalo getting less competitive. We feel great about our position related to the category itself.
Jason English: That's really helpful. Thank you. And last quick question. I'll pass it on, I promise. You delivered phenomenal margins on Buff in the fourth quarter. I know there was probably some leverage with a bit of the pipeline sale that may be not want to sustain, but at the same time you've got new capacity coming online next year, you've got a fall away of some of the startup costs. How should we think about the sustainable profitability of that business in context to what we saw in the fourth quarter?
Jeff Harmening: Well, you are right Jason. We had some simply benefits in the fourth quarter from the building that the inventory in the pipeline in the -- as we launched in FDM. That was simply beneficial from a profit standpoint and grew at 27% margin in the fourth quarter. We would expect margin expansion from full year F 2019 going into full year F 2020 and primarily driven by the fact that we are going to have the inventory step up in the numbers. So we expect Blue to be driving very solid margins and certainly be as margin accretive as we expected when we purchased the business a year ago.
Jason English: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Jeff Harmening: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Growe: I have -- good morning. I have a couple of follow-ups, if I could please. Just to follow-on Jason's question. We talked about e-com there for Pet. Where are you sourcing the market -- where is FDM if you will sourcing a lot of the market share gain for Blue Buffalo. Is that -- and we saw, of course, that your Pet Specialty sales were down as well. Is that the main area where it's coming from? I guess we also would associate with e-commerce as well given that slope in the second half of the year?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, we're seeing -- thanks for the question Chris. What we are seeing is that the growth in our FDM channel is highly incremental and we -- it looks to us about 70% incremental to everywhere else. And what I would also say is that our household penetration continues to rise and that is the highest predictor of future success as your growth household penetration. And so as we look at the FDM channel what -- our volume is really being sourced from other brands within the FDM channel. And you can see at the FDM channel itself is growing in terms of dollars. And so as we've expanded into FDM channel, one of the things we're most pleased with is that our business is not being sourced from the other members of the wholesome natural segment as much as it is brand in the middle. And so the whole segment is rising the whole natural segment is rising. And that tells us there is a great demand for these kind of products and Blue Buffalo is the market leader and that's kind of what we expected with our launch in FDM and we're really pleased that it's working out that way.
Chris Growe: Okay. Yes, thank you for that. And then just one other question I think for Jon Nudi. Just so I have it straight, you have cost inflation broadly offset by HMM in the year, but you also do expect SRM to be a positive contributor. I think you said pricing to be up around 1%. So, that's obviously one question or just one clarification. But related to that I also want to better understand the shift in price mix from Q3 to Q4 just the implication for fiscal 2020. There is a bit of a comp issue in there I think with the prior year, but it is a pretty big move from positive pricing in the mix to negative pricing in the mix in Q4. Sort of to understand the basis of why that changed so much?
Jon Nudi: Yes, absolutely Chris. So, -- you are absolutely right, we had some fluctuations between quarters. Again, importantly to remember, for the year, we drove a point of price mix into the back half. We drove a point. There were several differences between Q3 and Q4 and the biggest driver of that was trade timing and really the comp to last Year. Last April and May, we had very little merchandising in some of our major businesses. We got back to just normal levels of merchandising this year and that drove some trade expense. So, again, we are very confident in our ability to take pricing and really leverage our SRM toolkit and we expect that to continue as we move into fiscal 2020 as well.
Chris Growe: Those trade timing issues should be settled out now, is that right for fiscal 2020?
Jon Nudi: Yes, that's right. Again, we were just getting back to normalized levels. Our comps last year, again, we didn't have a lot of merchandising particularly in the months of April and May.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thanks so much.
Jon Nudi: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning, David.
Don Mulligan: Hi David.
David Driscoll: Wanted to ask a few Blue Buffalo questions. Could you talk about the pacing of sales in 2020? Obviously, in 2019, there was a lot of distribution gains, but I'd just like to hear your thoughts on how this laid out in 2020 in even just the rough form, so we have a good way to track. And I assume that there are additional points of distribution that you still expect to gain like everything else is being dipped in the fourth quarter, so if you could start there?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, David, thanks for the question and I'll take this one. As far as the phasing we're surprised to see the strongest growth in Blue in the middle part of the year Q3 -- Q2 and Q3. Q1 will be hampered a little bit by the fact that we had an extra week in our fiscal 2019 Q1. And obviously in Q4, we left the launch involvement in the expansion of Wilderness. The other factor in Q4 is that we're going to get the benefit of the extra month which as I mentioned in earlier question that all falls in Q4. So, on the like-for-like basis that 8% to 10% we talked about strongest in Q3 -- Q2 and Q3, a little less in Q1 and Q4 for the reasons I've mentioned and then the full benefit of the calendar change in Q4. I hope that helps. To your other point, we do expect to continue to see distribution gains clearly not at the rate we saw this year given the fact that we made the big launch in Walmart, but you'll continue to see us if you leave the latest Nielsen we're already up versus the 65 that we had in the end of April. So, we're in the low 70s already. So, we expect to continue to expand that as F 2020 unfolds.
David Driscoll: Thank you. And following on Blue. Can you talk about the growth in wet and treats? One of the benefits that was expected was to see wet and treats grow significantly as you enter into the Food and Mass channels because of the frequency of shopping. Are you seeing the traction there that you wanted to see and what are your expectations in F 2020?
Don Mulligan: Yes, we are seeing the traction we wanted to see as we launched into the FDM channel. In fact our proportion of wet and treats is higher in FDM than it is in Pet Specialty and that's what we thought we would see as we enter the channel. Again it gives us confidence that we understand the business and how it's going to evolve. What I would tell you is that we also think there's a big opportunity to innovate in the wet and treats area and you won't see that as much -- specially in the first half of F 2020, it'd really be on continued distribution in the growth in wet and treats in the distribution. But we think there's a second act in that and that second act is really around innovation in both of those important segments. I would also say -- it wasn't asked, but as we look at the expansion in the Food, Drug, and Mass, we expanded distribution in America, but we also launched in Wilderness and we're really pleased with both of those expansions. They are right on track and they're growing well and so we see continued growth from those.
David Driscoll: Last question from me on Blue. We have this African swine fever that's expected to impact protein prices. Protein I think is the largest piece of the cost of goods for your Blue Buffalo business. Can you talk about how that would be expected to impact? Are you able to hedge? You think you have to take pricing? Just trying to gauge where the level of concern that's on this or if there is almost any concern?
Jeff Harmening: David, yes, we're not concerned about that when it comes to Blue Buffalo. There -- while there is some pressure on protein, it's less on chicken which is the major protein in Blue's portfolio. Now, African swine fever is impacting our pork prices and we are seeing that in our Asian business and our China business, but less so with our Blue business.
David Driscoll: Okay guys. Thank you. I'll pass it along.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Jeff Harmening: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: So, can I stick with the pricing and inventory question on North American retail? I'm really just curious about why in measured channels on average across your U.S. portfolio the pricing was fairly flat. Obviously you said that because of comparables your net price mix was down 2%. But I'm just kind of curious about why that pricing being down for you wasn't passed on to the consumer? And then just on the inventory front, it looks as though the flat sales in cereals and yogurt was below the kind of trends of 3.5% sales growth 1.5% sales that we saw in measured channels. Was that to do with pricing dynamics, non-measured channels or maybe retailer inventory reductions? Thank you and I'll pass it on.
Jeff Harmening: Sure Alexia. So, as we look at the quarter, Q4 came in for North American retail very much as we expected. It was actually our strongest quarter of the year from a Nielsen standpoint. So we feel good about the momentum that we're driving in the market. We had about a point half gap between Nielsen movement and what we reported in net sales. And what I pointed out was an inventory drag that we've seen all year as retailers are working on, reducing their working capital and pulling inventories down. There was about a half point related to merchandising timing and again this expense that was in Q4 as we got back to normalized levels of merchandising. So that was really the one thing in Q4 that really affected both price mix as well as our reported net sales. Again, as we look at our momentum in the market, we look at our share position, we feel really good about the momentum that we have as we move into the coming year and feel good about our plans as well.
Jeff Siemon: Alexia, this is Jeff Siemon. I'd just add that, if you look at the full year, North American retail Nielsen's versus shipments was directly in line with what we said at the beginning of the year which is we'd lag by about one point and that's what we saw for the full year.
Alexia Howard: Do you expect those retailer inventory reductions to continue if they've been fairly consistent through the course of fiscal 2019?
Jeff Siemon: We do. I mean again, we definitely see our retail partners focus on working capital and we think they'll continue to make -- take and put initials in place to reduce inventories over time. We'll be at the same -- to the same extent as this year. I don't know, but we expect it to continue.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Zaslow: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: I just have a big overall question. Your long-term growth algorithm is mid-single-digit operating profit. You had a year that you kind of consolidated and figured out a lot of the issues you moved past so many things and then in 2020, you're still looking for 2% to 4% operating profit growth. What do you -- can you kind of – compare and contrast why there is a difference between your long-term and when you will return to that and why not in 2020?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, I think the way I look Ken -- this is Jeff. The way I look at it is that we keep making improvements towards our long-term algorithm and I think we took a step this year when we acquired Blue Buffalo and we'll take another step forward in fiscal 2020. And I think the most important part of getting to mid-single-digit operating profit really is to drive organic sales. And between Blue Buffalo and what we expect with NAR next year, we think we'll take another step forward with driving our organic sales to 1% to 2% which is higher than we've done in the past few years. And we're disciplined as we look at cost of doing it. And then we'll look to take another step the following year and so for me the steady progression is the key and it really starts actually with organic sales.
Ken Zaslow: So you -- I know this is way out there and you just gave 2020, but you would expect though outside any exogenous factors that 2021 will be at least back into that range. I know that that's a little far out, but I'm just trying to figure out like when the long-term growth rate we could start to assume that that is a viable place to start. Is that a fair way of looking at it? I'm not trying to box you in. I'm just trying to think about it.
Don Mulligan: Hey Ken, this is Don. We just gave two fiscal 2020 guidance, so we're going to hold off on talking anything beyond fiscal 2020 at this…
Ken Zaslow: Okay, great. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. Most of my questions have been asked. But I guess I'll ask a follow-up to Ken Zaslow's question. I mean, you have now operating margins in the low 20% range for Blue, North American Retail and Convenience Stores and Foodservice. It just feels like these margins don't have much room to go higher and you have reinvestment needs that seem to be kind of ongoing. Retailers have invested a lot in data analytics and it seems like there is a data war that you will need to keep putting money into. Maybe give me an update in the data war may be. Are you getting closer to investing in SRM at the appropriate level? And then just bigger picture, is it possible that if sales growth stays in the low single-digit range maybe it just is going to be a lot harder from an algorithm standpoint to see mid-single-digit operating profit growth. Thanks.
Don Mulligan: Rob, I'll start with the larger picture and comments and I'll let Jeff go into little bit more about how we are thinking about that. But in terms of the margins just bringing up Jeff's answer to Ken's question is, it really is going to be triggered off, continue to accelerate our organic growth. Your comments on NAR, CNF and Blue Buffalo strong margin is well taken. It’s not those businesses don't have opportunity, but they are already very healthy and frankly driving growth in those businesses as a topline growth is very attractive for position even at the current strong margins. As we look longer though, we do know we have opportunity internationally and as we think about margin expansion beyond fiscal 2020, we need the internationals where the percentage margin benefit can come from. As far as the data analytics or investments, we will continue to invest in our brands and in our capabilities. We're targeting now, continue to build out what we are doing with e-commerce and SRM by getting deeper into the data analytics with something that has served us well and we will continue to invest and actually we think it's a key driver of our ability to drive that and accelerate that topline growth.
Jeff Harmening: Yes I'll build on what Don said. I mean it's interesting you characterize the data as a war and I'm not really sure I view it that same way. I mean, I think that our ability to use data to drive our Consumer First strategy is actually a potential for high competitive advantage because it requires a scale. And we have proprietary data through our three big websites. We think we'll have proprietary data through Box Tops for Education; we'll talk about -- a little bit about that in the coming weeks. And data analytics is something where scale matters and not only for the retailer, but for us. And we think that the fact that some of our retailers are getting more sophisticated with data actually helps us because we think that we'll be able to utilize that better than some of the other players especially some of the smaller players in the market. And so, I understand that it makes people nervous when we start talking about data and when our retailer starts talking about that, but I don't view it as a war. Actually I think it's a net opportunity for us.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Maybe you are winning the war Jeff. Thanks a lot, got it.
Jeff Harmening: Okay. I think we've hit the bottom of the hour. So I know we didn't get acquainted to everyone, but we appreciate the time that you all spent this morning. We are around all day for follow-up questions for those of you that we didn't get to. Thanks again for the interest in General Mills and hope everyone has a wonderful day. Thanks Tanya.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-03-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Third Quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, March 20, 2019. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Jason, and good morning to everyone. I’m here with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO; and Jon Nudi, who leads our North America Retail segment, who’ll join us for the Q&A portion of the call. And I’ll turn it over to them in a moment, but before I do, I’ll cover a few housekeeping items. Our press release on our third quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning, and you can find the release and a copy of the slides that supplement our remarks this morning on our Investor Relations website. Please note that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions. The second slide in today’s presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I’ll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Jeff.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. There are three things I hope you’ll take away from today’s call. First, we had a strong third quarter with solid execution leading to positive organic sales growth and significant operating margin expansion. Second, our year-to-date performance and fourth quarter plans give us confidence that we will meet or exceed all of our key fiscal 2019 financial targets. Specifically, we are raising guidance for full-year adjusted diluted earnings per share and free cash flow conversion. And we expect net sales will finish toward the lower end of our guidance range, and adjusted operating profit will finish toward the higher end of the range. And third, our improved execution and strengthened performance this year reinforce our view that a balanced approach to top and bottom-line growth centered on our Consumer First strategy will drive long-term value for our shareholders. Now, I’ll turn it over to Don to walk through our financial performance in the quarter. Then, I’ll come back to provide an update on our fiscal 2019 priorities and share a few highlights of our year-to-date performance.
Don Mulligan: Thanks, Jeff and good morning everyone. Slide five summarizes our third quarter financial results. Net sales of $4.2 billion increased 10% in constant currency, including contributions from the Blue Buffalo acquisition. Organic net sales increased 1% in the quarter. Holistic margin management savings, positive net price realization and mix, continued strong cost control and the addition of the higher margin Blue Buffalo business helped drive significant margin expansion in the quarter, resulting in adjusted operating profit of $730 million, up 25% in constant currency. And adjusted diluted EPS of $0.83 increased 6% in constant currency, driven by adjusted operating profit growth, partially offset by higher net interest expense, adjusted effective tax rate and average diluted shares outstanding. Slide six shows the components of net sales growth in the quarter. Organic net sales were up 1%, driven by positive net price realization and mix across all segments, partially offset by lower contributions from pound volume. Foreign currency translation was a 2-point headwind to net sales. And the net impact of the Blue Buffalo acquisition and the divestiture of our La Salteña business in Argentina added 9 points to net sales in the quarter. Turning to our segment results on slide seven. North America Retail organic net sales were up modestly in the quarter, rounding down to flat. Our consumer takeaway trends improved in the quarter and track more closely to our shipments with U.S. Nielsen measured retail sales flat versus last year and share gains in the majority of our top U.S. categories. Net sales results improved sequentially for all our U.S. operating units. Growth on U.S. Cereal and U.S. Meals & Baking was offset by declines in the Canada, U.S. Snacks and U.S. Yogurt operating units. This net sales performance benefited from recent innovation, including Pillsbury Sweet Hawaiian baked goods and positive initial results on Cinnamon Toast Crunch churros, plus as we anticipated on our second quarter earnings call, stronger merchandising performance led to improved net sales results in U.S. Cereal and U.S. Snacks. And even with this greater merchandising, price mix continued to contribute 2 points to the segment’s net sales growth. U.S. Cereal net sales exceeded our retail sales growth in the quarter, bringing year-to-date net sales growth in line with retail sales when adjusted for non-measured channels. U.S. Meals & Baking net sales growth reflected strong performance on our key seasonal businesses as well as growth on Totino’s hot snacks, Old El Paso shells and tortillas, and Annie’s Mac & Cheese. Segment operating profit increased to 12% in constant currency driven by benefits from cost savings initiatives, lower SG&A expenses and positive net price realization and mix, partially offset by input costs inflation. In Convenience Stores & Foodservice, third quarter organic net sales increased 3% versus prior year. Our Focus 6 platforms generated 4% net sales growth, led by strong performance at our Pillsbury Stuffed Waffle and Chex Mix snacks in convenience stores as well as Cinnamon Rolls and other frozen baked goods in the foodservice channels. Segment operating profit increased 15% in the quarter, primarily driven by benefits from cost savings initiatives and positive net price realization and mix, partially offset by input cost inflation. Third quarter organic net sales for our Europe & Australia segment were down 2% as declines on yogurt and the negative impact of a continued challenging retail environment in France were partially offset by growth on snack bars and ice cream. Nature Valley and Fiber One snack bars delivered another quarter of strong double-digit retail sales growth as we secured distribution gains and brought successful innovation to market. Häagen-Dazs retail sales also grew double-digits, as we expanded distribution on stick bar, mini cup and pint innovations. Segment operating profit in Europe & Australia was down 1% in constant currency, driven primarily by higher input costs including significant dairy inflation and currency-driven inflation on products imported to the UK, partially offset by benefits from cost savings initiatives, lower SG&A expenses and favorable net price realization and mix. In our Asia & LatAm -- Asia & Latin America segment, organic net sales increased 7% in the quarter. We drove double-digit retail sales growth on snacks in India and the Middle East behind expand distribution and compelling marketing on Pillsbury and Betty Crocker snack cakes. Nature Valley also performed well in the Middle East and Latin America as we continued to build distribution. In China, our Wanchai Ferry business delivered another quarter of solid growth, driven primarily by Chinese New Year activations on core dumplings. Häagen-Dazs continued to grow across Asia & Latin America behind successful innovation like new Mochi and peanut butter flavors of pints and stick bars, further development in e-commerce and continued expansion of Häagen-Dazs shops. Segment operating profit totaled $20 million compared to a loss of $2 million last year, driven primarily by organic net sales growth and lower SG&A expenses, partially offset by higher input costs. For our Pet segment, third quarter net sales increased 4% on a pro forma basis on top of 15% pro forma growth in last year’s third quarter. Significant growth in FDM and e-commerce channels was partially offset by declines in Pet Specialty. Segment operating profit of $73 million was $2 million below prior year on a pro forma basis, driven by plant start-up costs and intangible amortization. Excluding these two items, Blue Buffalo operating profit would be up high-single-digits and margin up over 100 basis points versus last year. Slide 12 covers our margin results in the third quarter. Adjusted gross margin increased 170 basis points and adjusted operating profit margin was up 230 basis points over the prior year. The strong margin results were driven by increased COGS HMM savings, benefits from positive net price realization and mix, continued strong cost control at SG&A and the addition of the higher margin Blue Buffalo business, partially offset by input cost inflation. Slide 13 summarizes our joint venture results in the quarter. Cereal Partners Worldwide net sales increased 2% in constant currency, driven by solid growth in our Asia, Middle East and Africa as well as Europe regions, partially offset by declines in Latin America. Häagen-Dazs Japan net sales were down 5% in constant currency, driven primarily by decline in our crispy sandwich and stick bar varieties. Combined after tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $12 million in the quarter compared to $17 million a year ago, primarily due to our $4 million after tax share of a restructuring charge at CPW. Slide 14 summarizes other noteworthy income statement items in the quarter. Restructuring, impairment and other exit costs of $60 million reflected our recently announced global supply chain optimization actions including the planned closure of our yogurt facility in California. We recognized a $35 million loss on the divestiture of our La Salteña business in Argentina. Corporate unallocated expenses, excluding certain items affecting comparability, increased by $24 million in the quarter. Net interest expense increased $42 million compared to last year’s total that included $16 million in one-time expenses related to the Blue Buffalo acquisition, which were excluded from adjusted earnings. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 19.9% compared to 15.2% a year ago, primarily driven by year-to-date adjustment during last year’s third quarter related to U.S. tax reform. And average diluted shares outstanding were up 4% in the quarter. Slide 15 summarizes our financial results through nine months. Net sales of $12.7 billion increased 9% in constant currency. Organic net sales were flat to last year. We’ve driven year-to-date expansion in adjusted gross margin and operating profit margin resulting in an 11% constant currency growth in adjusted operating profit. And nine-month adjusted diluted EPS increased 3% to $2.39. Slide 16 provides our balance sheet and cash flow highlights through nine months. Our core working capital totaled $498 million, up 12% compared to the same period last year, due entirely to Blue Buffalo’s addition to our balance sheet. Excluding Blue Buffalo, core working capital was down double digits, driven by continued benefits from our terms extension program. Operating cash flow totaled approximately $2 billion compared to $2.1 billion in the prior year, primarily reflecting little less benefit from changes in accounts payable. Capital investments totaled $368 million. And we’ve converted 113% of adjusted after tax earnings into free cash flow, helping fund nearly $800 million in year-to-date debt reduction. And we paid $884 million in dividends, so far this fiscal year. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we continue to expect significant top and bottom-line growth for Blue Buffalo as we benefit from our launch into new FDM customers, and the expansion of our Wilderness sub line into FDM channels. We expect organic net sales growth to moderate from Q3’s results as North America Retail shipments are expected to return to modestly lagging retail takeaway as they did in the first half and as our other three legacy segments compare against their strongest quarterly sales growth performance in fiscal 2018. Finally, we expect fourth quarter margins to be down versus last year, reflecting the comparison against significant margin expansion in last year’s Q4, as well as higher incentive compensation and brand building investment, this year. I’ll close my portion of our remarks by updating our fiscal 2019 guidance, which you can see on slide 18. We now expect constant currency net sales and organic net sales to finish towards the lower end of our previous guidance ranges of 9% to 10% growth and flat to up 1%, respectively. We now estimate constant currency adjusted operating profit to finish toward the higher end of our previous range of 6% to 9% growth. Net interest expense is now expected to total approximately $535 million for the full year. Our full-year adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be in a range between 22% and 23% or one point below our most recent guidance. We’re raising our guidance for constant currency adjusted diluted EPS to range between flat and up 1% compared to the previous range of flat to down 3%. We’re also raising our expectation for free cash flow conversion to at least 105% of adjusted after tax earnings, which is ahead of our previous guidance of at least 95% and we continue to project currency translation will be a 1% to 2% headwind to full year net sales growth and will not have a material impact on operating profit or EPS for the full year. With that, let me turn it back over to Jeff to give some color on our performance against our fiscal 2019 priorities. Jeff?
Jeff Harmening: Thanks, Don. On slide 20, you can see the three priorities we laid out at the beginning of the year: Grow the Core; Transition Blue Buffalo; and Deliver Financial Commitments. I’m pleased to say that through nine months, we’re on track to achieve each of these priorities. At our Investor Day in July, we outlined five keys to growing the core including improving our U.S. yogurt and emerging market businesses, strengthening our innovation, stabilizing our U.S. distribution, and driving greater price mix. Year-to-date, we’ve driven improvement in each of these areas, compared to our 2018 performance. We returned to share growth in U.S. yogurt; emerging market organic sales are up high-single-digits through the first nine months of the year, well ahead of last year’s growth rate; we’ve improved our sales from innovation; we’re growing our share of U.S. distribution; and we’re driving 2 points of positive price mix year-to-date versus 1 point last year. These results are translating into stronger retail sales performance in our U.S. business. On slide 22, you can see that we’ve driven steady improvement in our Nielsen measures sales results with the 2-year trend reaching positive territory in the most recent quarter. We’re also competing more effectively within our categories with year-to-date market share gains in 7 of our 10 largest U.S. categories. While we know there is certainly still more work to do, we’re encouraged by the significant progress we’ve made since fiscal 2017. With that as a backdrop, let me share some specific examples of our year-to-date performance against our Grow the Core priority in each of our platforms around the world. We’re encouraged by the improvement we’re seeing in U.S. Cereal where category trends have improved consistently since 2017. We’re also pleased with our U.S. Cereal retails performance in the third quarter with measured channels retail sales up 1% as we restore more normal merchandising levels. After nine months, we’re gaining market share and expanding our position as a number one manufacturer in the category. These results have been fueled by strong innovation, holistic brand building activations and benefits from price mix. Five of the top six new products in the category are Big G Cereals, including Cheerios Oat Crunch, Cinnamon Toast Crunch churros and Fruity Lucky Charms. Retail sales for our Chex franchise are growing year-to-date, thanks in part to our holiday season partnership with the Grinch movie, and our strategic revenue management actions have helped drive one point of positive price mix for our cereal business this year. Beyond U.S. Retail, we’re also growing cereal in our Convenience & Foodservice segment with net sales up low single digits through the first nine months of the year, led by strong performance in the K-12 schools. Now, let’s turn to the U.S. yogurt where we’ve grown market share year-to-date. While our overall retail sales are below last year, we’ve positioned our portfolio for future growth with our focus on fast-growing, simply better yogurt segment and our core Go-Gurt and Original Style Yoplait product lines. Simply Better is a small, but rapidly expanding part of our portfolio and we hold the number one position in this segment. Our year-to-date retail sales grew the strong double-digit rate behind Oui by Yoplait and our new Oui Petites launch. Go-Gurt and Original Style Yoplait represent more than 50% of our portfolio. Year-to-date retail sales for these product lines were up low single digits driven by Go-Gurt equity flavors and dunkers innovation as well as Original Style Yoplait and more real fruit news and all family consumer messaging. Our Greek & Light products were down double-digit through nine months as we right-sized distribution on shelf. And for the remainder of our portfolio including product line such Yoplait Whips and our Kid Cup business, year-to-date retail sales were down but we expect trends to stabilize as we adjust our product assortment. Overall, we feel good about our U.S. Retail yogurt improvement this year and we look to continue that improvement in fiscal 2020. Outside U.S. Retail, we generated low single digit net sales growth for yogurt in Convenience Stores & Foodservice channels in Q3, driven by our ParfaitPro product that provides an easy way for operators to prepare on-trend offerings, like coffee coolers. We also like the way we’re competing across many important regional businesses this year. In the U.S., Pillsbury refrigerated baked goods had a strong key baking season with retail sales up 2% year-to-date and 3% on the latest quarter, fueled by our Made at Home media campaign and strong innovation like our new Sweet Hawaiian biscuits and crescent rolls. In Convenience Stores & Foodservice, year-to-date net sales in the frozen baked goods platform were up mid single digits, driven by expansion of our frozen product line, including cinnamon rolls, cookies and puff pastries across all their channels. Totino’s hot snacks retail sales were up 5% through nine months, driven by a fully integrated videogame partnership campaign and our expansion of value size offerings. And we continue to generate excellent growth on Wanchai Ferry in China. With retail sales up 7% so far this year, due to strong activation on the core, innovation and compelling marketing like our New Year’s ritual consumer campaign around the Chinese New Year holiday. The second component of Growing the Core in fiscal 2019 is increasing growth on our four global accelerate platforms. Global retail sales for Old El Paso were up 3% year-to-date, led by the U.S. where retail sales increased 7%, due to gains in distribution and consumer investment. Our making taco night easy campaign continues to resonate with consumers, and our highly successful in-store Old El Paso taco stand displays will be back in stores beginning in Q4 of this fiscal year. Our broad portfolio of natural and organic brands resonates with consumers and positions us well to win across categories. Year-to-date retail sales increased 3% with strong growth on Annie’s Mac & Cheese and Fruit Snacks as well as Muir Glen tomatoes, partially offset by decisions we’ve made to eliminate some unsuccessful category expansion volume. On Annie’s Mac & Cheese, we renovated our classics skews and increased our support behind the business, resulting in double digit gains in distribution and retail sales. In fact, Annie’s is now the number one boxed Mac & Cheese at a number of our customers. We’re also driving solid performance on Annie’s Fruit Snacks behind our new Sour Bunnies innovation. And we refreshed the packaging on our Muir Glen product line to showcase the premium nature of the products which is translated into double-digit retail sales growth, so far this year. We continue to see two different trends behind our international and North America snacks bars businesses. International bars growth continued at a strong double digit rates. Europe & Australia is driving retail sales growth with strong in-store execution and distribution gains, resulting in broad-based year-to-date share gains. Innovation has been a key driver of that growth including Nature Valley nut butter biscuit lines, as well as Fiber One popcorn bars and cake bars. In our Asia & Latin America segment, we had another strong quarter. In fact, we’ve doubled net sales and our bars business in Asia this fiscal year. This growth has been driven by the investments we’ve made in distribution expansion, innovation and consumer engagement. Pillsbury branded cookie cakes and pastries in India have been a cornerstone of this growth. And we’re building on that success by partnering with the Indian Premier League Cricket in Q4 with an exciting line-up of in-store, on pack and consumer promotions that feature some of the biggest names in sport just in time to kick off the season, this coming weekend. Retail sales for our U.S. snack bar business were down mid-single-digits year-to-date and we continue to work to improve our trends in this important platform. On Nature Valley, we are focused on improving the fundamentals and are looking forward to the launch of a new crispy creamy wafer bar that will start shipping in the fourth quarter. Our Fiber One bar performance in the U.S. has remained challenged. As we mentioned on our Q2 call, we expect declines in the near-term as we cycle through distribution losses, especially on tail SKUs.  Looking ahead to the next fiscal year, we have plans to renovate the Fiber One product line to increase its relevance with weight management consumers. On a positive note, a lot of our retail sales were up high-single-digits through the first nine months of the year behind expanded distribution, innovation and brand support. And protein one performance continued to strengthen as we’ve tapped into consumer need for on-the-go great tasting snack bars with high protein and low sugar. On Häagen-Dazs, our final accelerate platform, retail sales through the first nine months of the year were up 12% led by double-digit growth in Europe, driven by a mini cup expansion in the UK and peanut butter innovation in both pints and sticks. Now, let’s move to the second priority this year, successfully transitioning Blue Buffalo into the General Mills family. We feel great about the progress we’re making here and we’re incredibly optimistic about the future of Blue, as we’re still in the early innings of the pet food category’s transformation toward wholesome natural products. We remain on track to deliver double-digit top and bottom-line growth from Blue Buffalo in fiscal 2019. Our FDM expansion is currently underway and is progressing as expected. I’ll share more details on this effort in a moment. And we expect to see significant margin expansion for Blue Buffalo in Q4, driven by increased HMM savings, synergies, benefits from strategic revenue management actions we implemented earlier this year and strong product mix, driven by the FDM expansion. While Blue Buffalo’s quarterly net sales results have varied this year, driven by the timing of our channel expansion, we’re encouraged the brand continues to win with that pet parents. Aggregate year-to-date sales for Blue were up high-single-digits and we’ve continued to gain market share in the category. From a channel perspective, Blue continues to drive strong performance and share gains in FDM. Through three quarters, Blue retail sales in FDM were up triple digits and we continue to grow and gain share including importantly our first wave of FDM customers where third quarter retail sales were up double digits versus the second quarter. And Pet Specialty year-to-date retail sales for Blue were down double digits, as we expected. This channel remains important for blue and will continue to partner with Pet Specialty customers to bring variety, unique innovation and education to serve pet parents and the channel. In e-commerce, which makes up roughly 25% of the Blue Buffalo net sales, we saw category retail trends slow in the third quarter. Still, Blue’s retail sales continue to outpace the category, leading to further market share growth. Blue’s year-to-date e-commerce retail sales were up 24% and we continue to see tremendous growth ahead in this channel as more pet parents look for pet food online where Blue is the number one brand. Slide 32 provides some additional details about our fourth quarter expansion plans for Blue Buffalo. As I mentioned earlier, we’re launching Blue into new FDM customers in Q4, which will double the brand’s ACV distribution by the end of the fiscal year. In addition, we’re taking Blue’s second largest product line Wilderness and making it available to FDM customers for the first time, starting in March. The success we’ve seen with the Life Protection Formula line in FDM over the last 18 months has meant that Wilderness is being added incrementally across our FDM customer base. We expect a combination of launch of Wilderness and FDM and the expansion of Blue into new FDM accounts will result in sales growth of more than 30% in the fourth quarter. In addition to growing our core and transitioning Blue Buffalo, we continue to have a good line of sight to achieving our third priority, delivering our financial commitments. The combination of significant COGS HMM savings, increased price mix from our strategic revenue management efforts, strong cost and capital discipline and continued improvement in our core working capital are translating to EPS and cash flow expectations that are ahead of our initial guidance from last July. I’ll close our prepared remarks this morning by reiterating today’s key messages. We delivered strong third quarter and with solid execution leading to positive organic sales growth and with significant margin expansion. We’re doing what we said we do this year and we’re on track to meet or exceed all of our fiscal 2019 financial targets. And our results increase our confidence in our consumer first strategy and our global growth priorities and reinforce our view that our balanced approach to top and bottom-line growth is the right model to drive long-term value for General Mills shareholders. With that, let’s open the line for questions. Operator, can you please get us started?
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed. 
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi. Don, just a quick one for you. Just kind of back of the envelope math, it would seem that sort of pricing in North America Retail maybe because it could have accounted for maybe roughly one half of the base business gross margin expansion that the Company saw in fiscal 3Q, does it seem broadly sort of right to you? And I think at the CAGNY you’d said that maybe a higher portion of pricing moving forward would be of a more of the list price variety. And is that playing out sort of broadly as you expected, including your thoughts on elasticity to volume? Thank you.
Don Mulligan: Sure, yes. As we -- we’re delivering on the second half drivers that we outlined in our Q2 call and that we reiterated at CAGNY, and it’s a combination of things, Andrew. It’s increased HMM savings. We said global sourcing will continue to drive higher benefit to us. We’re seeing that come through. It is the positive price mix that you referenced. We saw an uptick from 2% to 3% in the quarter, continued strong cost controls across SG&A and increase to contribution from the higher margin Blue Buffalo business. So, all of those came through, as we expected in the quarter. And I wouldn’t necessarily put one out there kind of equally weighted, I wouldn’t pull one out as a particular driver but they all benefited our margin and they all came through largely as we expected.
Andrew Lazar: And then, elasticity, is that generally -- I think, it was -- in North America Retail it was positive 2% price mix, negative 2% volume. I don’t know if that’s roughly in line with how you expected it to play out, or as improvements in yogurt and snack bars continue maybe that elasticity looks even a little less onerous as we go forward?
Don Mulligan: Well, I’ll let Jon maybe speak to what we’re seeing in the market. But, if you look at our third quarter for North America Retail versus the first half, price mix was -- contributed 2 points again, but volume growth was 2 points better. There was some strengthening of the volume while we held our price contribution.
Jon Nudi: Yes. Andrew, I would just say -- I’d say elasticities are playing out as we expected. And remember, obviously we did take some [indiscernible]. We are really leveraging the full toolbox of strategic revenue management as well, so, pack price architecture as well mix and promotional optimization. So, as you pull each of those levers, they have a different impact to the volume. And I would say our models keep getting better and better, and they’re very much in line results -- our results are in line with what we expected.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
John Baumgartner: For Jeff or Jon, I just wanted to come back to North America Retail, just given the improving Nielsen baseline takeaway and the elasticity that Andrew mentioned. But, I guess, in light of shipments versus takeaway noise in Q4, can you speak to the performance just in light of focus on non-price promo this year? I guess, to what extent are you seeing improvement in terms of shelf stays or quality merchandise, again? I guess, what metrics should we be looking at in gauging the conversion of those efforts going forward?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Just generally, I guess, as we look at our business, I mean we feel like the fundamentals continue to get better. So, as we think about SRM outside of [car lot] [ph], again I think that’s driving several of our businesses and big businesses at that. And again, as we make some of those moves, I think the distribution is playing out as well. So, as we look holistically at our business, new products are working really hard for us. And that’s driving our business, which we feel really good about. SRM is playing out the way that we hoped as well. And then, the middle of the P&L HMM is really delivering too. So, as we look across our businesses, we like the momentum, the top-line, like the middle of the P&L. And again things seem to be playing out as we expected. And importantly, again, I think, we’re looking for consistency moving forward. And we think that we’ve got a business model now that will drive consistent top-line, performance across the business and make sure we deliver on the bottom-line as well.
John Baumgartner: And then, Jon, just on the cereal business, when -- I mean, you outperformed the category in the quarter. How do we think about shipments versus takeaway in Q4? And then, the category itself has softened in terms of volumes. How much of that are you seeing from your increased substitution from your QSR breakfast or frozen breakfast versus just something more just kind of transitory in nature?
Jon Nudi: So, John, maybe I’ll start with just the question about shipments versus takeaway. So, for Q3, our RNS was ahead of our takeaway by a couple of points. If you remember back to Q2, it was actually the opposite. So, for the year, our takeaway is actually very much in line with the reported net sales, and that’s in line with what we’re seeing across the segment as well. So, there’s really nothing notable from an inventory standpoint. We actually were encouraged by what we’re seeing in the category. So, Q3, we saw the best category performance we’ve seen and several years down only a half point. There’s a lot happening underneath the category in terms of pack price architecture, both from ourselves, as well as some of our competitors. But, if you look at underlying pull-through and the way that consumers are responding to innovation as well as our marketing, we’re actually quite encouraged about the category and very encouraged about our business, which is performing much better than it has over the last several years.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Ken Goldman: Thank you. Good morning. Two for me if I can. First, there’s a few areas of the business that I think, it’s fair to say, are not working quite as well as you’d like. I think you mentioned U.S. Snacks, Häagen-Dazs Japan, I think in the press release, you talked about France, and maybe Yoplait in France and I’m not sure which categories in France, but Yoplait across Europe and Australia, maybe. Can you just give us a little bit of idea of when you expect some of those businesses to turn around, which ones you think will be maybe a little less onerous in terms of turning around? And then, I guess, that leads to my next question, which is typically on your third quarter, give at least some, what I would call, soft commentary on the out years, is there anything that you can provide right now as we look into fiscal 2020 that’s helpful? Not necessarily quantitatively, but just in terms of headwinds or tailwinds we should be thinking of as we think about modeling into next year.
Jeff Harmening: Let me take the first part of that question and I’ll hand it over to Jon Nudi for maybe some additional commentary on U.S. Snacks and then Don maybe can handle the second piece. On the growth for the year, first, I would say, our growth is largely played out as expected, and even for the low end of our guidance range on sales, I mean it’s a pretty narrow range to begin with. I mean, it’s a 1 point range from flat to up 1%. So, we feel like we’re in the range of what we thought at the beginning of the year. As you mentioned, it’s true, there are give and takes every year to where your volume is going to be. And so, yes, it’s been a tougher year in France, particularly on yogurt but really in France with inflation on ingredients and difficulty in achieving price gains. But, that’s been offset by a really good year for us in the UK, where we’re leading the growth of all food manufacturers in the UK. Obviously, the same thing in U.S. Retail where it’s been a little tougher in Canada but our meals and baking business has done really well. And we talked about Pillsbury earlier this year, but also Totino’s and Old El Paso, and we’ve been as pleased with that as we have other things. So, they’re always offsets like those. The one that really we feel like we need to do better on and we can do better on really starting next fiscal year is going to be our U.S. Snacks business. And I’ll let Jon talk a couple points on that.
Jon Nudi: Yes. So, Ken, Jeff mentioned this upfront, as we look at our business, really two brands are challenges for us. Fiber One I would say is more structural, as modern weight managers are really looking at four different macros and the products that fit their diet. So, as Jeff mentioned, we are renovating Fiber One and actually quite excited about the product that we’re going to roll out in Q1 -- Q1 of fiscal 2020, and we’ll share more on that as we get closer. Nature Valley, I would tell you, actually we feel generally good about the underlying health of that business. The biggest driver of our underperformance this year has really been innovation. And if you look historically, Nature Valley has really been driven by broad-based innovation that hits on really broad need states. This past year, the need states we went after were a bit more narrow and a bit more niche in terms of the areas we focused on, and the results are much smaller as a result. As we look to next year, we’ve got a great new product coming out actually in Q4 of this year, which is a crispy creamy wafer bars. We’re really excited about that. The retailer response to it has been quite good and our consumer testing looks very positive as well. And then, we will have some more news in the back half of fiscal 2020 as well in Nature Valley. So, I do believe you’ll see Nature Valley trends improve as we move into fiscal 2020. And again, Fiber One has some big news coming there. But, we’ve got some significant work to do on Fiber One.
Don Mulligan: Ken, anything forward-looking out of -- beyond F19, we typically don’t give guidance and we’re not going to this year until June. But I’ll tell you, as Jeff alluded to at the beginning of our call, we’re very pleased with the execution that we’re seeing this year, and we can certainly expect that to continue to strengthen as we move into next year.
Ken Goldman: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Please proceed. 
David Driscoll: I wanted to ask a couple of Pet questions. So, on the Wilderness brands, it’s significant news that you’re going to be taking it from exclusive to specialty to moving it into FDM. When you did this with Life Protection, there was a very kind of methodical, progressive rollout of Life Protection throughout the food and mass channels. Will the Wilderness rollout be similar, both in the pacing of how you roll it out to different retailers and in the size of the rollout? Would you expect to get a significant amount of shelf space that’s incremental to what you currently have with the Life Protection in the food and mass channels?
Jeff Harmening: David, let me try to take those kind of one at a time. I hope I hit on all the things you asked, maybe even a little bit more. Just for context, we launched the Life Protection Formula 18 months ago and now we’re launching Wilderness in the FDM. And in the Pet Specialty channel, Wilderness is roughly 40% of our sales. It’s almost as big as the Life Protection Formula brand itself. So, this launching of Wilderness into food, drug and mass is not a small endeavor; it’s a big endeavor, and it’s a big endeavor from a logistical standpoint, but also what it can do for our sales, which is one of the reasons we’re confident we can grow at 30% plus in the fourth quarter. I mentioned in my comments, which might seem like a throwaway. But, the fact we’re performing well on FDM is really important, and because as we bring in Wilderness, we’re seeing the Wilderness launch being highly incremental to our assortment and our current customer base to Life Protection Formula, because they see the growth that Blue Buffalo has driven for them in a category so far and they know what the importance of the Wilderness brand. In terms of -- we’ll certainly be thoughtful about how we expand Wilderness. But, one of the benefits I think of the General Mills brings to Blue Buffalo businesses is being able to get into more customers faster. And so, while we’d be thoughtful about where we bring in Wilderness, you’ll see the ACV on Wilderness expand a lot more quickly than we did on -- than we do on Life Protection Formula, and that’s because we’re less thoughtful. It’s just because we have greater capability with the combined Blue Buffalo and General Mills than we did before. And I will also add for a bonus that we said we’d get up to ACV of 65% by the end of April. I can tell you at the end of February we’re already 58%. So, we are a long way to our goal already, gaining about 22 points of distribution in month of February alone on Blue Buffalo. And I think this just shows what the combination of Blue Buffalo and General Mills can achieve.
David Driscoll: Okay. And then, I just have about two more related questions on this. The first one is just that when you do the Wilderness move, is there anything kind of extra special that you’re doing for these Pet Specialty retailers to ease the pain of taking this from exclusive to Pet Specialty and moving it into FDM? And then, to Don, on this stuff, like in the fourth quarter, I think our math is working out -- and I really just want to check the math here, that we’ve got to get double-digit profit growth in Blue ex inventory change, we have to have like fourth quarter Blue Buffalo profitability at like $120 million and that’s like double last year’s numbers, such you expect a big jump. I just want to make sure that we’re not making a mistake this morning on the mathematics? Thank you, guys.
Jeff Harmening: Well, on -- look, David, the important -- the Pet Specialty channel is really important to us. And just like the natural and organic channel was, we rolled out Annie’s and Lärabar and things like that. And we’ve already had lots of discussions with our pet retail -- our Pet Specialty customers about what we can do for them. There are a lot of things we can do for them that are differentiated we do with other customers. And, pet grooming would be one example and tying that to pet food sales. And so, whether it’s through promotions or whether it’s through unique innovation or whether it’s through pet detectives and having people on the floor, there are a lot of things we can do to drive sales in Pet Specialty. And we’re actively working with our big customers to make sure that we can do that because we want to make sure that Blue Buffalo is successful and available to pet parents, no matter where they shop.
Don Mulligan: And David, on the profit growth, we do have significant profit growth and we expect to see significant profit growth in the fourth quarter. It’s going to be leveraging the 30 plus percent sales growth that Jeff alluded to. One thing I wanted to make sure you capture is the impact of the purchase accounting in the quarter as well because we don’t have to quite double our sales growth to -- or our profit growth, excuse me, to get to our number for the full year. 
Jeff Siemon: David, this is Jeff Siemon. I think, remember, our double digit profit growth for the full year is excluding purchase accounting charges. So, I would -- that is -- that will be roughly 65 to 70 million of total purchase accounting charges for the year. So, we said, we’d grow double digit excluding those impacts.
Jeff Harmening: Very strong double digit growth.
Jeff Siemon: That’s right.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steve Strycula with UBS. Please proceed. 
Steve Strycula: Hi. Good morning. Question for Jeff. So, we’ve heard some noise that a large U.S. e-commerce etailer is pushing CPG manufacturers more to a third-party marketplace system versus first-party. For investors on the line, how do we think about the context of what this might mean for General Mills in terms of impacting business dynamics? And ultimately, how do we think about what the margin economics might be directionally for a third-party system relative to first-party system? Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, the -- first, I will let specific retailers talk about their business specifically. I think, it’s better that they talk about than we do. I’m not sure I see the same trend that you talk about. But, I think importantly for e-commerce in food, I think there are couple of important things to remember. In food, maybe unlike some other categories, I think there got to be a lot of winners in e-commerce with regard to food, it’s not going to just be one pure play who’s going win in food. I see the strengthening of quite a number of our traditional retail customers, and whether that is through delivery or click and collect. I think, the playing field on for e-commerce is going to be kind of wide open. I think, there’re going to be multiple winners, not just one. The second, I would say that we’re well-positioned in e-commerce and our sales are up more than 50% this year. And I mean, everybody can quote big numbers in e-commerce because it’s growing rapidly. But, I think as important as the fact we’re up 30% is that we over-index in the customers where we are in e-commerce, there are bricks and mortar. And that’s because of the strength of our brands. And whether that is Cheerios or Nature Valley or Yoplait or Blue Buffalo, the reason that we over index, for me is because we’ve got great brands and great brands travel across channels. And so, we think the economics for us and e-commerce are going to be good. And where -- our goal is to win across our customers, because there are certainly going to be more than one winner in e-commerce and food.
Steve Strycula: Okay. That’s helpful. And then, a quick follow-up to that. If I heard you correctly on your prepared remarks, you said that for blue Buffalo’s e-commerce business, it is still growing solid double digits, but it may be slowed a bit sequentially. Was that more of a transitory issue, something that’s happening in the supply chain, or should we just think that we’re growing on top of very large numbers already, and that’s the natural cadence of the business?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. That’s a good question. I think, the key for -- we talk about e-commerce and Blue Buffalo is that the category for e-commerce and pet food slowed in the third quarter. Blue Buffalo is still gaining share, we’re still growing double-digits. But, our growth slowed primarily because the category slowed, but within that context we’re doing well. And the question is, do I think that e-commerce is going to be transitory? And I don’t -- I think e-commerce may pick-up again in Pet, especially as we roll out across food, drug and mass. Because if you think about the places where we are and the place of where Blue Buffalo is going, there is certainly a strong e-commerce business and developing e-commerce business and food, drug and mass. And I wouldn’t be surprised if that in the coming quarters e-commerce growth picked up again in Pet due to the rollout of e-commerce capabilities across our FDM customers.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Rob Dickerson: So, two questions, one on Pet and then just one on kind of margin expectation progression as we think into next year, and given a little nuances in Q3 and Q4 this year. So, I guess, one on Pet is just -- I think we heard at CAGNY from you, expectation was the mass distribution gains shouldn’t be margin dilutive; entering mass, obviously, was Wilderness now. So, as we think through getting to Q4, right, where they sell in, but then really into 2020 where we need to have the velocities obviously turn, so you can sustain the product on the shelf. I’m just curious, can give just kind of brief overview as to what the strategy really is at, let’s say, one large mass customer to increase the buyer base above, incrementally, not just share shift between channels but kind of wide more people should be buying Blue Buffalo, because it’s offered in more locations versus just shifting their purchase destination? That’s first. Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: Well, no, I think it’s a fair question. I think, I talked a little bit about this at CAGNY. So, if I’m repeating myself, I apologize. But, the most important thing as you look at is household penetration and what’s going on in the household penetration. And as we’ve expanded, Blue Buffalo across channels, our household penetration continues to rise. And so, now, it’s north of 35%, I think household penetration, which is about maybe threefold from where it was a year ago. Jeff can check me on that math and get back to you. But, it’s up quite significantly. I think that is actually the key because as we’ve expanded distribution we brought in more household, more pet parents, where they sell it. And so, I think the evidence is actually already there that as we’ve expanded across channels we’ve grown household penetration and not just cannibalized our own sales. The second thing, and this is consistent with what we’ve seen before on things like Annie and Lärabar and EPIC. And so, I know that this maybe a surprise to some, it’s actually not surprising to us and following a very familiar pattern what we’ve seen on other natural and organic businesses. The second point you raised is important, and that’s about how are we turning where we currently are. And that’s why I mentioned the first four customers we’ve been at year, how are we doing. I mean, our turns are really good. And as evidenced by the fact that our Q3 business is up double-digits where it was in Q2 and because when we bring in the Wilderness, it’s going to be incremental. And the only reason it’s going to be incremental is because what we have there right now is turning well. And so, that’s really the key. That’s behind -- the reason for that is because Blue Buffalo is a really good brand and Billy Bishop and his team have done a nice job with in-store signage and display but also really good advertising and marketing campaigns. And so, they have built a great brand, which we’re capitalizing on. And so, the key is, we expanded it to make sure that not only we’re growing distribution which we are but our turns are doing well. And look, even places where we’re -- our business is down, I mentioned Pet Specialty we’re down double digits, our turns are actually pretty good. It’s the fact that we’ve actually lost some distribution. So, our business is still turning at these places. So, we just have less distribution than we were before. I think, that’s encouraging and it’s one of the reasons why eventually our plan is to get back in the game with Pet Specialty because the terms of Blue Buffalo in those places are actually pretty good. It’s just our distribution is down. So, that’s really the -- we feel confident about. As we roll out the Blue Buffalo, we’ll continue to gain pet parents, which is just a household penetration and that our sales will be incremental because that’s what we’ve seen to-date.
Rob Dickerson: And then, just quickly, as we think about fiscal 2020, I know you’re not giving guidance, but I’m just curious, obviously, Q3 margin did a lot better than people expected I think on average. Q4 there is a little give back, just given the timing of shipments relative to takeaway and incentive comp, et cetera. But it seems like the core drivers of just better margin or stabilized margin at least into next year, which should be pricing, saving synergies, and then, mix, partially on North America business in Cereal and also partially just given the Buff. Seems like those were still sustainable, right? I mean, if we are thinking into next year, is there anything in each of those three buckets that really would change or do they just stay as the drivers of stabilized or improving margin? Thanks.
Don Mulligan: I think, firstly kind of Ground on this year, as you alluded to, we came in where we know was well ahead of where the consensus was, but frankly versus our own internal expectations, Q3 was a bit stronger on the margins, but not materially stronger. We had a bit better gross margins because our plant performance was stronger. We had a bit better operating margins because of that and because of good cost controls. And EPS came in a little bit better on top of that because of tax rate was a little bit better. So we had some improvement in the middle of the P&L, and down through tax rate, and that’s would flowed through to our new guidance for this year, but it was little bit better than we expected, but not as outsized, as certainly maybe what’s compared to the Street. As you mentioned, in the fourth quarter, we see tougher comps. Our gross margin was at a high point last year, it grew in the quarter last year, so we’re lapping that. And as you mentioned incentive, and as I said in the call, we have higher brand investments in the quarter. So for the full year, we expect our margins to be a bit better, our operating margins to be a bit better than where we started the year. And in our most recent guidance, we think they will be flat to slightly down, which is a bit stronger than what we thought a quarter ago. As we look to next year, our focus is going to be on staying very balanced. We want to make sure we have a mix of top line growth and margin expansion. We are not going to lean strongly in one way to the other. We know we have to deliver a balanced year to have sustainable model and that’s where we’re going to be focused on as we build the year. The factors you mentioned in terms of pricing, strong HMM, the added benefit of Blue Buffalo stronger margins should all carry through.
Jeff Harmening: I would build on Don’s point. I’d say, the quarter was better than what was expected externally. That’s fair, and our profit are little bit better. I would broaden the lens, and look at the last year for us. And we had a tough Q3 last year, that’s no surprise or secret, but I really like the way the General Mills team has bounced back from that. And I think you see the strength in execution and it’s not an accident We are really focused on how well we are going to execute, and whether that’s SRM or e-commerce or brand building, how we forecast the business and there is no reason to think our ability to execute well is going to diminish next year. And that’s I think what allowed us to deliver on our commitments this year, is that, we have, we’ve delivered on the core what we said and we’ve delivered on Blue Buffalo what we’ve committed and that end is what we looking for as a Company and so there’s no reason to think that that won’t diminish. At the same time, I mean, while we feel good that we’ve executed well and our performance has improved and we feel good about that, there is still more work to be done and we’re not yet to a sustainable top line and bottom line model, where our shareholder return has a flywheel that we expect of ourselves over the long term and that hopefully you expect out of us. And so we’re not going to give specific guidance for F 2020, but I can tell you our goal is going to continue to work toward getting closer to that sustainable model, that’s going to continue to build value for shareholders and we’ve taken one step this year. And we are, I would say, pleased, but not yet satisfied and we’re pleased with what we’ve done, but we’ve got more work to do, and we’re going about the business of doing that.
Operator: The next question comes from line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Moskow: So, the inventory has shifted around a lot this year and you’re not alone. There are several other packaged food companies that had inventory builds in January. And so I’m asking Jon Nudi, have you had any conversations with big retailers as to whether their inventory strategy has changed at all? It seems like every year they are working hard to try to reduce those levels, but as you plan the business going forward, do you think we’re at a sustainably higher level that’s appropriate for the business or do you think that it makes sense to continue to expect over the year? [Ph] Thanks.
Jon Nudi: If you think about our retail partners, just like us, continue to stay focused on working capital, and I think leveraging technology and processes and systems to improve working capital. So, we would expect them to continue to get better in terms of being able to operating with less inventory. So, that’s our going assumption as we move forward. And I think for the year again you see that. So, our takeaway is about a point better than our reported sales, and I think that’s what we’d expect for Q4 and into 2020.
Robert Moskow: So again, so, you think you lag retail consumption by about a point in fourth quarter, is that right?
Jon Nudi: We do, we do. Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Jason English: Good morning, folks. Congratulations on a strong quarter, and thanks for the question. I’ve got two quick questions, first on the all-in inflation outlook. I know you’re beginning to cycle what was an uptick last year. As you cycle over that, are you seeing your all-in rate of inflation subside? And if so, kind of to what levels are we settling in that?
Don Mulligan: Jason, we still see inflation coming at around 5%. It may be a couple of basis points lower than when we started the year, but we’re still seeing inflation in grains, packaging, other commodities. Logistics from a percentage standpoint is the biggest change. And then we’re seeing higher inflation in our European business, which is trending higher than that 5% full year guidance and we really seeing it in dairy and vanilla. So there hasn’t been a material change to our outlook in inflation. It might be just a touch lower, but still rounding to 5%.
Jason English: And I wanted to touch on your divestment plans. It’s something you’ve announced and intend to pursue over a year, about a year ago now I guess. Why is it taking so long? And while we’re waiting, clearly some M&A multiples have begun to contract in the space, there’s a lot of company shopping assets and your cash flow conversion is rock solid as you point out. Are those dynamics giving you pause and causing you to reconsider whether or not you want to go down that path?
Jeff Harmening: Thanks for the question. I appreciate that, Jason. No, it hasn’t forced us to reconsider whether we want to go down that path. But I think the point you mentioned, we’ll only go down that path if it makes -- to the extent it makes sense for General Mills’ shareholders, as it did when we exited Argentina this last quarter. And so, I would reiterate, we are not doing divestitures, which is roughly about -- we think roughly about 5% of our portfolio. We are not doing it, because we need to generate the cash. We are clearly already doing that. We’re doing it because we believe that by divesting some businesses that are slower growing, will not only help improve our organic growth rate, but also help our improved focus on some of the businesses that are going to be really important for us to invest in. So it hasn’t really changed. What’s changed on the timing and I know it can seem slow and -- but for me, I would call it thoughtful and that is that coming into this year, especially after our Q3 last year, we said, we better execute well on our core business and transition Blue Buffalo effectively. And if we do that, we think that shareholders will reward us and that feels to be like is the case. And that whether we do divestitures or not, people are going to look back on our core and look on to whether we’re transitioning Blue Buffalo successfully. And we feel like we’re on the path to doing both of those. And so our attention certainly is still on divestitures and looking at what we would do from that standpoint. And so, it hasn’t been anything other than that. We felt like we had a job to do, and we feel like we’re well on our way to doing that. And so we’ll continue to evaluate divestitures and we’ll do it if we think it makes long-term sense for General Mills shareholders. And if it doesn’t, then we’ll come back and tell you that it doesn’t. But for now, that’s still our plan.
Jeff Siemon: All right. It looks like we’ve hit the bottom of the hour here. So, I think we’ll go ahead and cut it off. I know there is a number of people we haven’t gotten to, and my apologies for that. But, I’ll be available all day for additional questions. Thanks everyone for your time and attention this morning and have a wonderful day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2019 Q2  (2018-12-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Siemon - VP, IR Jeff Harmening - Chairman and CEO Don Mulligan - CFO Jon Nudi - Group President, North America Retail
Analysts: Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Chris Growe - Stifel Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Jason English - Goldman Sachs Pablo Zuanic - SIG John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies and Company David Driscoll - Citi
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Second Quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded, Wednesday, December 19, 2018. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Jenifer, and good morning to everybody. I am joined here this morning by Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; and Don Mulligan, our CFO. In addition, Jon Nudi, who leads North America Retail segment, is joining us for the Q&A portion of the call. And I'll turn the call over to them in a moment, but before I do, I'll cover a few housekeeping items. Our press release on second quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning, and you can find the release and a copy of our slides that supplement our remarks this morning on the Investor Relations website. Please note that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions and the second slide in today's presentation was factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Jeff.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning to everyone. I'll start this morning by offering some quick thoughts on our year-to-date performance. I'm pleased to say that our results through six months keep us on track to deliver our full year targets. Our cost and capital discipline drove profit growth ahead of our expectations in the first half of our fiscal year. Our job to do for the second half is very clear, and that is to accelerate our sales growth in our North America Retail and Pet segments, while we maintain our cost discipline, and we're confident in the plans we have to do just that. Now I'll turn it over to Don Mulligan to walk through our financial performance in the quarter. Then I'll come back to provide an update on our fiscal 2019 priorities and share a few highlights on our second half plans.
Don Mulligan : Thanks, Jeff and good morning, everyone. Let's jump right into our second quarter financial results on slide five. Net sales of $4.4 billion increased 7% in constant currency, including contributions from the Blue Buffalo acquisition. Organic net sales declined 1%. Strong cost discipline and positive net price realization and mix helped drive margin expansion, resulting in adjusted operating profit of $765 million, up 8% in constant currency. And adjusted diluted EPS of $0.85 increased 2% in constant currency, driven by higher adjusted operating profit and a lower effective tax rate, partially offset by higher net interest expense and higher average diluted shares outstanding in the quarter. Slide six shows the components of net sales growth in the quarter. Organic net sales were down 1%, driven by lower contributions from pound volume, partially offset by positive net price realization and mix across all segments. Foreign currency translation resulted in a 2 point headwind to net sales and Blue Buffalo added 8 points to net sales. Turning to our segment results on slide seven, North America Retail net sales were down 3% as reported and on an organic basis. Consumer takeaway was stronger with U.S. Nielsen-measured retail sales down 1% and share gains in the majority of our top U.S. categories. Through six months, our shipments have lagged consumer takeaway by about 1 point, with organic net sales down 2% and U.S. retail sales down 1%. The main drivers of that difference with a comparison against last year's results that included co-packing sales related to the Green Giant divestiture, changes in customer inventory levels and minor differences in the phasing of trade between the first and second half. Looking ahead to the rest of the year, we expect our shipments to track more closely to consumer takeaway. Looking at operating profit performance reported net sales in U.S. meals and baking were down 2% due to declines on Progresso soup and Betty Crocker desserts and the elimination of Green Giant co-packing sales. These declines were partially offset by strong performance on Totino's hot snacks, Old El Paso and renovation news on Annie's Mac and Cheese.  Canada net sales were down 7% as reported and 3% in constant currency. U.S. yogurt net sales decreased 4% as declines on Greek and Light segments were partially offset by growth on WeBuy Yoplait and YQ as well as improved performance on Go-Gurt and original style Yoplait.  U.S. snacks net sales were down 4%, driven primarily by lower than expected merchandising levels on grain bars, partially offset by good performance on Annie’s fruit snacks, Larabar and EPIC. Net sales for U.S. Cereal were down 5% due to lower merchandising levels and the comparison against 7% growth in the same period last year, partially offset by growth on tricks and Lucky Charms. Constant currency segment operating profit matched a year-ago levels, as cost of goods HMM savings, positive net price realization and mix and lower SG&A expenses, offset lower volume and input cost inflation. In Convenience Stores and Foodservice, second quarter organic net sales were flat versus prior year. Our Focus 6 platforms generated 2% net sales growth led by strong performance on cinnamon rolls in restaurants, couch breakfasts and bull pack cereals in K-12 schools and Chex mix salty snacks in Convenience Stores, offset by declines on bakery flour at other non-Focus 6 platforms. Segment operating profit increased 3% in the quarter, driven by positive price mix and COGS HMM savings, partially offset by higher input costs.  Second quarter organic net sales for Europe and Australia segment matched a year ago levels, driven by growth on snack bars, ice cream and Mexican, three of our accelerate platforms, offset by declines in yogurt. Second quarter net sales were also impacted by the challenging retail environment in France. We drove double-digit retail sales growth on Nature Valley and Fiber One snack bars by continuing to secure distribution gains, invest in effective marketing and bring successful innovation to market. At Haagen-Dazs retail sales also grew double-digits, as we continue to expand distribution with stick bar, mini cup and pint innovations, and as we execute local brand activations to drive trial. And we're encouraged by our improved performance at Old El Paso, driven by new products such as our gluten free tortilla kits as well as effective omni-channel consumer support.  Segment operating profit in Europe and Australia was $22 million compared to $27 million a year ago. Driven by higher input costs, specifically significant dairy inflation and currency driven inflation on products imported to the UK, partially offset by positive sales mix and lower SG&A.  In our Asia and Latin America segment, organic net sales increased 5% in the second quarter, with strong growth on our global accelerate platforms and on Wanchai Ferry in China. We drove strong double-digit growth on snacks in India and the Middle East as we continue to expand distribution on Pillsbury cookie cakes and Betty Crocker [indiscernible]. And our Nature Valley and Yoki brands performed well in Latin America behind effective consumer news and successful in-store executions. Haagen-Dazs continues to grow across Asia behind consumer activations and new channel development including significant growth in e-commerce and distribution expansion in new Haagen-Dazs shops. In China our Wanchai Ferry business delivered another quarter of growth, driven by dumpling innovation and strong in-store executions. Segment operating profit of $18 million was down 6% in constant currency, driven primarily by higher input costs and higher SG&A expenses, partially offset by positive price mix. For our Pet segment, second quarter net sales were down 7% on a pro forma basis, reflecting the comparison to 25% pro forma growth in last year's second quarter, when Blue first expanded into the Food, Drug and Mass or FDM channels. Blue’s consumer pull remains strong with year-to-date retail sales up 9% in line with Blue’s two year compound growth rate for pro forma net sales. Segment operating profit of $71 million was $18 million below the prior year on a pro forma basis, driven by lower volume, significant input cost inflation, plant startup costs and intangible amortization, partially offset by cost savings and benefits from positive price mix. In a moment, Jeff will outline our second half expansion plans for Blue Buffalo, which will drive Blue to our full year target of double-digit top and bottom line growth. Slide 12 covers our margin results in the second quarter. Adjusted gross margin increased 10 basis points and adjusted operating profit margin was up 40 basis points over the prior year. Margin expansion was driven by increased HMM savings, benefits from positive net price realization and mix, the addition of Blue Buffalo and tight control of our cost, partially offset by higher input costs. Slide 13 summarizes our joint venture results in the quarter. Cereal partners’ worldwide net sales increased 2% in constant currency due to strong performance in our Asia, Middle East and Africa as well as Europe regions, partially offset by declines in Latin America. Haagen-Dazs Japan sales were up 1% in constant currency, driven primarily by growth on core mini cups and multi-pack offerings. Combined after tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $22 million in the quarter compared to $24 million a year ago, driven by higher input costs. Slide 14 summarizes our other noteworthy income statement items. Restructuring, impairment and other exit costs totaled $209 million, including $193 million of impairment charges related to the Progresso, Food-to-Taste Good and Mountain High brand intangible assets. Corporate unallocated expenses excluding certain items affecting comparability increased by $13 million in the quarter. Net interest expense increased to $58 million, driven primarily by financing related to the Blue Buffalo acquisition. We continue to expect net interest expense to total approximately $550 million for the full year. Adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 23.8% compared to 29.3% a year ago, driven by net benefits related to U.S. Tax Reform. We continue to expect our full year adjusted ETR will be in the range between 23% and 24% and average diluted shares outstanding were up 4% in the quarter. Slide 15 provides our first half balance sheet and cash flow highlights. As of the second quarter our core working capital stands at $532 million, down 5% compared to the same period last year as benefits from our terms extension program were partially offset by the addition of Blue Buffalo to our balance sheet operating. First half operating cash flow totaled $1.4 billion compared to $1.6 billion in the prior year, primarily reflecting less benefit from changes in accounts payable. Year-to-date capital investments totaled $254 million. For the full year, we now expect capital investments to be approximately 3.5% of net sales. We converted 120% of adjusted after-tax earnings into free cash flow through six months and we returned $589 million to shareholders through dividends in the first half of fiscal 2019. I'll close my portion of our remarks by summarizing our year-to-date financial results and reaffirming our full year targets on sales, profit, EPS and cash flow as shown on slide 16. First half net sales increased 8% in constant currency. We expect net sales to accelerate to 9% to 10% constant currency growth for the full year, driven primarily by acceleration of Blue Buffalo. Organic net sales essentially matched a year ago levels through six months. Our full year expectations of organic growth remain between flat and up 1%. Year-to-date adjusted operating profit increased 5% in constant currency. These results include a 4 point headwind from the onetime purchase accounting adjustment related to the Blue Buffalo acquisition. We continue to estimate cost of currency adjusted operating profit will increased 6% to 9% percent in fiscal 2019, including a 2 point full year headwind from the purchase accounting adjustment. First half diluted EPS was up 1% on a constant currency basis, despite a 5 point headwind from the onetime purchase accounting adjustment. These results were ahead of our full year guidance for constant currency adjusted diluted EPS, which is to range between flat and down 3%, including a 2 point full year headwind from the purchase accounting adjustment. We now expect currency translation will be a 1 to 2 point headwind to full year net sales, but won't have a material impact on operating profit or EPS. And as I mentioned, our first half free cash flow conversion was 120% ahead of our full year target of 95% or better. With that, let me turn it back over to Jeff to provide an update on our fiscal 2019 priorities and outline our key deliverables for the back half of the year. Jeff?
Jeff Harmening : Thanks, Don. And on slide 18, you can see the three key priorities we laid out at the beginning of our fiscal year, grow the core, successfully transition Blue Buffalo, and deliver our financial commitments. Let me share our progress on each of these priorities through the first half of our year. At our Investor Day in July, we outlined five keys to growing the core. And I'm pleased to say that through six months we've improved in each of these five areas relative to fiscal 2018. We returned to market share growth and U.S. Yogurt, year-to-date organic net sales in our emerging markets were up high single-digits. We were seeing good results from our first half innovation and our U.S. distribution trends have improved and we grew our share of distribution in the second quarter. And we're seeing a step up and contributions from organic price and mix, from 1 point in fiscal to 2 points through the first half of 2019. Through the first half of this year price mix has contributed to net sales growth across each of our reporting segments. In North America Retail, price mix contributed 2 points of sales growth, which is in line with the results we're seeing in the broader industry. In fact, 8 of the top 10 U.S. Food and Beverage manufacturers have generated positive price mix so far this year, including General Mills. We anticipate the strategic revenue measurement actions we implemented in the first half will continue to benefit our results as we move to the second half. We're competing well across most categories this year as measured by our market share performance.  On slide 20, you can see that we grew share in six of our nine largest U.S. categories in the first half. However, we know there's still work to do, including in cereal and snack bars our top two categories. We have plans in place to improve our performance on these businesses in the back half of the year. With this as a backdrop, let me share some specific examples of our year-to-date performance against our grow the core priority for our key platforms around the world. Our first half results in cereal were mixed across channels and geographies. In U.S. Retail positive contributions from strong innovation, including Cheerios Oat Crunch, Maple Cheerios and Lucky Charms Frosted Flakes were outweighed by reduced merchandising activities. Second quarter cereal merchandise volume was down 7% as we focused on implementing pricing and pack changes at the shelf early in the quarter. With those changes behind us, we were able to get back to more typical merchandising levels by the end of the quarter, helping drive November cereal retail sales in line with last year. And we're confident we can improve on our first half cereal performance as we rebalance our merchandising levels in the second half. In Convenience Stores and Food Service, we continue to drive low single-digit cereal net sales growth led by good performance on our K-12 schools and colleges and universities. I'm happy to report that our U.S. Yogurt business is growing share for the second consecutive quarter, driven by excellent performance on WeBuy Yoplait and on Go-Gurt. We continue to impress with retail sales up double-digits through the first half led by core SKUs and innovation such as Oui Petite. In fact, WeBuy Yoplait has grown to a two share making it our third largest business within the yogurt category behind Original Style Yogurt and Go-Gurt and helping us to build a leadership position in the fast growing simply better yogurt segment. On Go-Gurt great equity flavor additions like Sour Patch Kids drove 3% retail sales growth so far this year. It's also worth noting that our Original Style Yogurt business stabilized in the first half of the year behind more real fruit product news and solid in-store execution. Outside of our core global platforms, we like the way we are competing a number of regional businesses this year. In the U.S., our Pillsbury refrigerated baked goods are off to a strong start as we enter key baking season, with retail sales up 2% year-to-date, and 3% in the latest quarter fueled by our made at home media campaign, strong innovation and in-store display.  Totino's hot snacks grew retail sales 6% driven by solid marketing and our expansion of value size offerings. And we continue to generate excellent growth on Wanchai Ferry in China, with retail sales up high-single-digit through the first half of the year. New flavors in the dumpling line, such as cucumber have created excitement on the core business. And our superior taste campaign continues to resonate with consumers.  The second component of growing the core in fiscal 2019 is increasing growth on our 4 global accelerated platforms. Global retail sales for Old El Paso were up 2% in the first half led by the U.S. where retail sales were up 6% today and 7% in the most recent quarter, driven by distribution gains and consumer investment. Our innovation hint-of-lime stand and stub Taco Shells continues to drive variety for taco night for consumers. And we're bringing back our highly successful in-store Old El Paso taco stand displays in the second half of the fiscal year. Our natural and organic brands are incredibly relevant with consumers today, while our aggregate retail sales are being slowed by the exit of some unsuccessful category expansion volume. We're seeing excellent results as we increase our focus and support behind our core products. We love the results on Annie’s Mac and Cheese, we renovated our classic SKUs and increased our support behind the business, resulting in double-digit gains in distribution and in retail sales. Annie's is now the number one box Mac and Cheese in a number of accounts including Whole Foods and Target. We're driving solid performance on Annie’s fruit snacks and pancake mixes as well. And we see more opportunities to grow our core natural and organic products. For example, we recently updated our packaging on Muir Glen product line, which celebrates the brand's star ingredient the tomato and gives a nod to Muir Glen’s California heritage. Global snack bar growth took a step back in the second quarter, with year-to-date retail sales down 1%. We're seeing two different stories between our international and North American bars businesses. International bars growth continues at strong double-digit sales rates. Europe and Australia is driving retail sales growth with strong in-store execution and distribution gains on Nature Valley protein and Fiber One Brownie. Contributions from innovation remain strong behind nut butter biscuit line extensions and Fiber One popcorn. In our Asia and Latin America segment, the investments we have made in India in distribution expansion, innovation and consumer engagement are paying off for us. We're building on the success of Pillsbury branded cookies and pastry cakes by expanding into new flavors and formats. In the U.S. our bars results have underperformed our expectations through the first half of the year. Nature Valley performance weakened in the second quarter, driven by lower merchandising support and customer inventory reductions. We have plans in place to increase merchandising frequency in the second half. Our Fiber One bar performance in the U.S. has remain challenged. We expect continued declines in the near-term as we cycle through distribution losses. Looking further ahead, we see an opportunity to renovate the Fiber One product line and make it more relevant and we'll share more as those plants get closer to completion. On the positive side in bars Larabar retail sales continue to grow double-digits in the first half, behind expanded distribution, innovation and brand support. Protein One, while small is showing early signs of success and you'll see a new Protein One social media campaign launch in January featuring celebrity Mindy Kaling. And retail sales of Epic for Epic are growing double-digits driven by the core meat bar skews and snacks as well as the new Epic Performance bar we launched this summer. On Haagen-Dazs, our final accelerated platform first half retail sales were up 13%, led by double-digit growth in Europe, behind mini cup expansion in the UK and peanut butter innovation in both pines and sticks. Retail sales in Asia grew low-single-digits due to continued success on innovation and strong consumer activations. We delivered broad based market share growth across our Asia Haagen-Dazs countries. As we shift our focus to the second half, we're looking to improve our top-line trends in a few different and specific areas most notably in U.S. Cereal and Snacks. Our second half plans call for stronger merchandising support on these businesses with a focus on greater frequency as opposed to depth of promotion. We have a really good slate of second half consumer news, events and partnerships with equities like Pokémon and Adventures and we like our back half innovation lineup including Cinnamon Toast Crunch churros, Fruity Lucky Charms and Nature Valley snacks mix. And we've addressed some capacity issues, which constrain growth on both cereal and snacks in the first half. In total, these initiatives will set us up to deliver improved growth on our U.S. Cereal and Snacks businesses in the second half. Now let's move to our second priority this year, successfully transitioning Blue Buffalo into the General Mills family. We feel good about the progress we're making here and we continue to see tremendous long-term growth for the Blue brand. Still I'm sure many of you have questions about Blue’s sales performance this quarter. As we said in the first quarter call, we expect the timing of channel expansion will continue to drive significant variability in our quarterly net sales results. In the first half, our net sales results lagged consumer takeaway. We'll see this reverse in the second half, specifically in the fourth quarter when we take another big step in our food, drug and mass expansion. Amid this variability we think the right measure to track is Blue's in-market performance. And I can confidently say that on this measure Blue continues to succeed. First half retail sales were up 9% and market share was up 40 basis points across all channels. Blue's expanded availability is helping reach more pet parents with household penetration up 26% this calendar year-to-date. Blue is the fastest growing pet brand in Food, Drug and Mass and has become the number one branded dog food in a few leading Food, Drug and Mass retailers. And Blue remains the number one brand in Pet Specialty and the number one pet food brand online. On slide 28 you can see how Blue’s 9% retail sales growth breaks down by channel. While we haven't added any new significant Food, Drug and Mass accounts in recent months, we're still seeing strong performance in the accounts that have carried Blue for more than a year, with progressive share gains each quarter.  Blue retail sales across all Food, Drug and Mass channels increased by triple digits versus last year's first half. Blue continues to see double-digit retail sales declines in the Pet Specialty channel in line with our expectations. We will keep engaging with this important channel and bringing product variety, unique innovation and consumer education that helps ensure Pet Specialty remains special. And Blue continues to grow and gain share in the important e-commerce channel which makes up roughly 25% of Blue's net sales. First half retail sales in e-commerce grew 30% and we expect continued strong growth as we move into the second half of the year. Our second half plan for Blue Buffalo will strengthen both top and bottom-line growth for the business. On the top-line, we will launch Blue into new Food, Drug and Mass customers in the back half that will double our ACV distribution by the end of the fiscal year.  In addition, we'll expand the variety of Blue product offerings available in the Food, Drug and Mass channels, which will accelerate growth even further. These actions will begin in February which falls in Blue's fourth quarter. We expect Blue Buffalo’s third quarter net sales results will improve over Q2 though they will likely continue to lag our retail sales trends.  In addition to top line acceleration we also have significant actions underway that will improve our profit margins in the back half. For example, we expect to deliver increased HMM savings including benefits from a new distribution center that opened last month. We'll see our synergy savings ramp up, we’ll benefit from strategic revenue management actions we've implemented recently and we'll see a more profitable mix of business with a greater proportion of Food, Drug and Mass sales in the higher margin wet and treats segments.  These second half plans keep us on track to deliver double-digit top and bottom-line growth for Blue Buffalo, as we outlined at the beginning of the year.  Shifting gears to our third priority delivering on our financial commitments. You've heard a number of these themes throughout today's presentation. We're generating increased COGS HMM savings this year, including benefits from our global sourcing efforts. Our efforts on strategic revenue management are paying off driving price mix contributions ahead of last year and we're exhibiting strong discipline on our cost and capital resulting in second quarter margin expansion, lower capital spending and reductions in our core working capital balances. While we feel good about the progress we've made against our fiscal 2019 priorities, we know that there is still work to do to ensure that we deliver a successful year.  Slide 31 summarizes the three most critical jobs to be done in the second half. First, we will improve our top-line performance in North America retail. I already mentioned the plans we have to strengthen U.S. Cereal and Snacks results, we will also see benefits from areas that I've been working so far this year, including strong innovation, increased price mix from strategic revenue management actions we implemented in the first half and continued improvement on U.S. distribution trends. Second, we’ll execute our Food, Drug and Mass expansion for Blue Buffalo, which will keep us on track to deliver double-digit net sales and operating profit growth for the business, excluding acquisition related charges  And third, we will continue to maintain our strong cost and cash discipline driving increased benefits from HMM, continuing our spending discipline in SG&A and capital expenditures and realizing further improvements in core working capital. I close by summarizing today's key messages. Our first half results keep us on track to deliver all of our full year targets. Good cost control drove first half profit results ahead of our expectations. We have clear plans for the second half to improve top line trends in North America Retail and to significantly expand Blue Buffalo availability, while maintaining our cost and capital discipline. With that, let's open the lineup for questions. Operator, can you please give us the first question.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning everyone. Thank you. 
Jeff Harmening : Good morning, Ken.
Ken Goldman: If I could ask one on Blue Buffalo and then one on costs, when Buff first went into the FDM channel, it was obviously some blowback from legacy customers as expected. Now you're adding some more varieties into FDM, could you talk a little bit about what that means? Are you adding wilderness? Can you talk about what you're modeling in terms of additional maybe negative reactions from legacy customers as you do add these varieties? I want to get a little more sense of what actually the products are going and where those products are going?
Jeff Harmening : Okay. And thanks for the question, Ken. I'll give you some level of specificity, but maybe not all the way to what you see. What I would say is that in terms of varieties, we do plan a significant expansion of varieties. And one of the things I'm most pleased with is that given the success we've had in Food, Drug and Mass so far, we'll see a lot of variety expansion and it will be highly incremental to what we currently have. And I think that strength -- that speaks to the strength of the Blue Buffalo brand in FDM and the success we've had in rolling it out, not only in terms of distribution growth, but actually maintaining and even growing the sales in places where we have it. I think that's probably the most important takeaway. In terms of Pet Specialty, I mean, we've declined double-digits, and look, where we're not happy with that long term trajectory. On the other hand it's what we modeled it would happen. And so it's kind of in line with our expectations. We're dedicated to the Pet Specialty channel for the long term. And what's interesting is that in some Pet Specialty customers that have continued to feature Blue and have distribution and go with our innovation and promotion plans their categories are actually doing better than those that haven't. And so we think -- and which just not a surprise given that Blue Buffalo is two times the next largest brand in that channel. And so we think we haven't modeled our Pet Specialty business to increase for the rest of the year, but we're certainly hopeful over time that it can and we know what it will take, it will take really good innovation, it will take partnering with our accounts to keep the in-store experience what it always has been, which is one of the point I think of competitive advantage and good promotion plan. And so, we haven't counted on our performance improving in Pet Specialty, but we're certainly dedicated to the channel and we're optimistic that we can actually turn that performance around over time.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thank you for that. And then my follow-up is a few quarters ago, I think it's fair to say Mills ran into some bumps regarding cost visibility or especially on the transportation and logistics side. Can you walk us through a little bit which improvements you’ve made toward improving this visibility? One of the things I hear from some people is that they sort of got burned that quarter a little bit in there they are just a little bit nervous about being confident in your cost visibility there. And then along those lines, are you seeing any easing in your freight expenses ahead? Yeah we've seen spot transport rates peak and at least temporarily and oil prices are certainly down. So any color there would be helpful?
Don Mulligan: Sure Ken, this is Don. We did -- you're exactly right. We ran into above but we didn't have the visibility we needed. We made some changes from a systems and a process and a information flow standpoint internally to make sure that we are getting the sufficiently granular look at what the costs are. It also made sure that we are talking about what were the drivers not just what were the numbers what were the driver so we had a better sense of how they could evolve overtime what the range of potential outcomes were. And that is -- the combination of those things has given us much greater visibility into our cost structure. And it's one of the reasons that it's allowed us to over perform on the bottom line. We came ahead of our plan in the first quarter, we essentially matched our plan in the second quarter. So exiting the first half slightly ahead of the bottom line. And I think all that -- all the work that we did on the systems and the process and the information flow has paid dividends to help support that. As far as inflation, we're still expecting 5% across the company for the full year same as we guided. There obviously has been some movements up and down over the course of the year with tariffs and just harvest and so forth, but in total, we're still at 5%. And as far as logistics and are our freight costs in particular, we still see those being up double-digits, as we talked in some detail last year. We do annual contracts that are tied to our fiscal year and that contract this year reflected the higher in-market costs, which again we expect to see it throughout the balance of our fiscal.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thanks, Don.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question. 
Jeff Harmening : Hey, Chris. 
Chris Growe : Hi good morning. I just had a couple questions for you, if I could. I did want to ask you had a number of factors that aided your gross margin performance in the quarter was better than I expected as well. I just was curious did pricing and I guess your overall SRM initiatives did those get to a point where they overcame cost inflation in the quarter that is your pricing mix and promo. And then I'm just curious what's the promotional spending kind of variation in the business, I'm thinking like the U.S. Cereal. How does that -- does that flatter the gross margin, but obviously it could hurt sales and will that kind of reverse in the second half of the year?
Don Mulligan: Well, yes. So year-to-date -- in the second quarter, we had operating margins of about 40 basis points ahead of last year gross margins were about 10 points ahead of last year. And there was really three key contributors, one obviously was the addition of Blue Buffalo which is the higher margin business both in the gross margin and the operating margin level. We talked about tight cost controls that was in the plans, it was in our administrative functions and that was a benefit to the operating profit, benefit to the gross margin. And then HMM and price mix together more than offset our input cost inflation. And those three Blue Buffalo, the ongoing cost controls and HMM price versus inflation that contributed in equal measure to our over performance and our growth in operating margin in the second quarter. Obviously was offset -- there was some offset from lower volume and the deleverage that we saw there, but those were the three primary drivers of the improved performance, they were about in equal measure. And so we are seeing the benefits of our SRM activities come through.
Jeff Harmening : And the second part of your question, Chris, I think is also important as we think about the second half of the year and price and mix and look we realized about 2% price mix in the first half and we'll think -- and importantly we realized it across all segments. So I think that's important. And we see continued benefits from price and mix in the second half of the year and I mean I suppose if you're listening and you hear us talking about needing to make sure our merchandising on cereals and snacks a little more competitive you might wonder, okay, does that mean we're going take a margin hit in the second half or can we generate pricing. And the answer is look we're talking about two specific categories, the rest of our top [8] [ph] our pricing is in good shape. And for the rest of the company we feel like we've got good pricing plans in place. On top of that something you might not think about, but certainly we do is that on an enterprise level to the extent that we grow Blue Buffalo double-digits in the back half with we have a great line of sight to doing and we pick up our growth on cereal and snacks, there is a net price mix at the enterprise level even without taking pricing because the price per pound that we get from pet and from cereal and from snacks and as well as actually some of the other accelerate categories like Haagen-Dazs and Old El Paso they're better than the company average. And so as we look at the back half of the year we see an ability to continue to generate price and mix in the marketplace.
Chris Growe: Okay, thank you. That’s helpful. And I just had one quick follow-up for you on cereal, you gave the consumption data by month and negative 3, negative 2 [in cereal] [ph] better throughout the quarter. Your cereal sales are down 5% obviously there was a bit of a gap there and I'm sure it's driven by the promotional cadence. Are inventories do they had to rebuild or they at the right level here from this point going forward?
Jon Nudi: Hey, Chris, its Jon. One of the things to keep in mind last year in Q2 cereal RNS was up 7%. So again we've got a tough comp there. Overall, we bought some inventory through the first half across U.S. Retail and cereal is a part of that and we expect as we move through the back half of the year that won't be as big of a headwind. So again we think the comps get better for us. Our merchandising will come back and we believe that we'll have a much stronger back half from a cereal standpoint.
Chris Growe: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question. 
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. I guess, I have two questions. One is on Blue Buffalo, sales in second quarter were lower sequentially than first and I guess that's the result of things getting a little weaker in the specialty channel. Is that a fair assessment? And then secondly, when you launch it in this big retailer and double the ACV, how comfortable are you that these are completely incremental sales like there must be Pet consumers who are going to shift their channel of shopping from one channel to the other. What's the algorithm on that in terms of incrementality that you've seen historically? And then the last part about that incremental question I guess is you talked about wet and treats, is Blue really good at wet dog food, is it really good at pet treats? And, what's the durability of these types of extensions because those areas, I guess, aren't exactly what consumers are familiar with from the core Blue? Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: Hey Rob, this is Jeff and you asked a number of questions and let me make sure I hit, if I don't hit all of them, it’s not because I have tried avoid I just forgot one. So let me try to hit them kind of sequentially. In terms of the second quarter the slowdown in reporting net sales, it actually isn’t fair to say that it was a slowdown in Pet Specialty or Pet Specialty declines were pretty much the same year-over-year. It really is a matter of our comparison to a year ago and inventory builds. And so the way I like to think of it in the second quarter of this year, we're comparing to 25% growth last year, we declined 7% this year. So over a couple year period that's about 9% compound annual growth. If you look at our takeaway in retail sales, it's about 9% compound annual growth. So it really the deceleration in RNS has nothing to do with takeaway and nothing to do with a decline -- further decline in Pet Specialty. It has everything to do with lumpiness of RNS as it relates to inventory build. We will see that reverse completely, in fact we will see it reverse completely and then some, in the back half of the year specifically in the fourth quarter starting in February as we build inventory in ahead of our new distribution gains. In terms of incrementality, one of the reasons why I mentioned household penetration is because there are a lot of numbers I can throw out about incrementality and we've done a lot of studies. But -- and what we found is that our launch into Food, Drug and Mass has been highly incremental, for the Blue Buffalo brand. But one of the measures is household penetration and one of the things that I'm most pleased with is our household penetration is up 26% as opposed to our retail sales being up 9%. And as we've launched into these other channels, it's really good to see our household penetration expand because that says that all of the gains are not coming out of our current business and not just trading out what we've done in the Pet Specialty or online, but the brand continue to grow continue to gain new consumers. We saw the same kind of phenomenon with Annie’s, we've seen it with Lärabar, we've seen it with EPIC and when you can get household penetration increasing ahead of your consumption it actually pretends really good things. Your last question is about wet and treats and right now Blue Buffalo under indexes on the wet and treats, I think is a huge opportunity for us. And for treats, I mean that's just pet food speak for snacking and we see snacking trends in human food and we see it in pet the same way and one of the things when we bought Blue Buffalo we were excited about was that the humanization of pet food. We see the same kind of trends that we do in human food and so we can -- we feel like we've got good visibility to where the consumer's minds are in. And then we think that the treats business are going to continue to grow and we under index and we think it's a huge opportunity, we're pleased to see that it's growing. And the nice thing is as we grow that differentially, we'll see improve margins, because the margins on those businesses tend to be better.
Robert Moskow: Got it. All right. But, I guess, the question that I had about sequential is, is because I don't see a lot of seasonality in the business in pet food. Pet owners just keep feeding their dogs the same amount every time. So that's why I was looking at the sequential growth coming down. So is there any reason to believe that that's not the right way to look at it? Why would it seasonality matter?
Jeff Harmening : Seasonality really doesn't matter much, you're right. Pets tend to eat about the same amount every day. And it really has to do -- I think the most important point Rob is to take away is this building of inventory and how it looks quarter-to-quarter. And that's why I get back to the retail consumption is being the main driver. Because I'm going to tell you, our fourth quarter is going to be really high and it's going to look really good for Blue Buffalo and it will be good. But we have to keep -- but the key is really making sure, we have the underlying consumption in mind.
Jeff Siemon: Rob, this is Jeff Siemon. I’ve mentioned Q1 of a year ago for Blue Buffalo net sales grew in the low-teens, maybe close to 15%, Q2, it moved up to 25%. So that's why you see this year deceleration is really the acceleration you saw last year in the comp, driven by the Food, Drug and Mass launch. Q3 last year was about 15% growth in net sales and Q4 was only up low-single-digits. So again, you saw a lot of variability last year. As we comp that this year that will have variability and then as Jeff said, our Q4 as we expand Food, Drug and Mass, you'll see a big acceleration.
Robert Moskow: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. 
Jason English: Good morning folks. Thank you for letting me ask the question. I want to come back to margins and latter into the U.S. Retail segment. First going back to gross margins, just to make sure I kind of have the numbers right. We've got Buff adding maybe 80 bps or so. So underlying we're looking at down 70 bps, which looks like the math would suggest just the volume leverage is that roughly right?
Don Mulligan: Buffalo was probably little less than that in the quarter. It will be in that neighborhood for the full year even a little higher for the full year as we alluded to, when we announced the deal. But in the second quarter it was a little less than that just given the fact that we had some the volume deleverage and the inflation and plant startup cost in the number. 
Jason English: Got it. 
Don Mulligan: But you’re directionally correct, pet added in the base business was slightly down on a gross margin basis year-over-year.
Jason English: So it's not surprising to see the base business down a bit clearly it sequentially getting better, which is the right trajectory. I was surprised that you still had with base business gross margins down you still had as much margin leverage in North America Retail. Can you help me understand some of the drivers? And I guess where I'm also going to is this another quarter where you pulled back a lot on A&P. And if so, is there -- do you see any parallels with this sequentially eroding volume trend for now sort of the fourth quarter row with sort of consistent pullback on A&P?
Don Mulligan: No. What we saw in U.S. retailer NAR, was the same trends we saw from a total company standpoint. We have strong HMM, we have price mix benefit coming through. We had really strong cost control in our plants, so our manufacturing costs came in very tight and those combined to deliver better profitability of the bottom line than sales.
Jason English: So it's not just marketing related then this sort of core underline is that the message?
Jeff Harmening : I think it is. It really is a matter of Jason price mix and HMM exceeding inflation. And I think you see that because our second quarter it was our merchandising results that really lagged our expectations. What we sell at an everyday price was actually at or above our expectations and that's the best margin. And so from a margin standpoint we are really pleased with what we're selling at an everyday price. And what we merchandise was really what drove -- what was really the cause for our sales being a little below what we had anticipated, which has pretty good margin impact.
Don Mulligan: Just to build on what Jeff laid out, our baseline through the first half were flat in North America Retail which we feel really good about. It was really merchandising which was all of our declines and primarily in cereal and snacks. So we feel like our total commercial investments are in a really good place. We feel like our innovation is really working, our marketing is strong and the base business is performing. We clearly had some execution issues particularly on cereal and snacks merchandising and we've got plans in place to fix that. And you saw in November, cereal getting better as we got to merchandising more in line. So we have good confidence so we can accelerate the top line and at the same time continue to drive good margins in the back half.
Jason English: Good stuff. Thanks guys. I'll pass it on. 
Jeff Harmening : Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic with FIG. Please proceed with your question. Mr. Zuanic, your line is open, please go ahead.
Pablo Zuanic : Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Two questions on pet food, the first one is more just a bigger picture. On the one hand as we see more premium pet food brands in Mass. We hear about consumer pushback about Walmart consumer $40,000 a year, now the interest on this type of products, but on the other hand clearly, more retailers are adding more space to premium pet food. So try to resolve that conflict for as a contradiction. And my visits to stores for example I would say Target these days seems to have eliminate a lot of the Mass brands and you are seeing allow more premium. So when you launch at these new retailers let's say including Walmart are other brands on the premium side also entering that aisle? So again the big picture question is trying to reconcile this idea of pushback on the consumer on this more expensive pet food, but on the other hand apparently a number of retailers continuing to add a greater percentage of space to premium pet food. Thanks.
Jeff Harmening : Well, Pablo, I appreciate the question. I think, what we see is that first is as Blue has entered it has been really successful and in fact year-to-date it's driven something on the order of 40% of the growth in Food, Drug and Mass. And so this premium part of the Pet Food segment especially kind of the wholesome natural area Blue Buffalo is driving that growth. And interestingly, as Blue has come in to the Food, Drug and Mass segment it's actually grown the whole segment, so the whole segment is growing. And the customers that have taken Blue Buffalo are growing faster than the ones that haven’t. And so, what that says to me there is a premiumization going on in pet food similar to what we see in human food and what you see in -- what we've seen in natural and organic, so again the trends there are very similar. And we've had -- I think it also -- what it also speak to the success we've had with Blue Buffalo in Food, Drug and Mass as well as e-commerce by the way, is number one on online and it's number one in Pet Specialty. So it's doing well across channels and great brands do well across channels, and we see that with Cheerios and we see that with Annie's. And so what we're seeing in Blue is kind of what we expected and it's drive -- importantly it's driving success in the whole segment of wholesome natural and Food, Drug and Mass and it's really some of the mainstream brands that have seen declines.
Pablo Zuanic : Right. And just a follow-up, so pet coke [ph] has made some news in the trade press in terms of making significant assortment changes to a portfolio there taking out brands focusing on natural ingredients. Any impact on Blue Buffalo can you try to quantify the exposure for your business there.
Jeff Harmening : We don't comment on any specific retailers, but I will say that all our brands are natural. And so we feel good about the ingredients in Blue Buffalo and certainly wouldn't anticipate any negative consequences from that activity.
Pablo Zuanic : Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question. 
John Baumgartner : Good morning, thanks for the question.
Jeff Harmening : Hey, John.
John Baumgartner : Jon, I just wanted to come back to the softer merchandising in Q2. I mean there has been a lot of talk about shifting your approach to I guess more non-priced promo. And I'm curious as to how this influence performance. There was the softness kind of a function of competitors stepping with sharper elbows for per price promo or -- and you have to I guess increase your price promo going forward more than you thought or did the non-priced promo just see weaker lifts. Just curious on more the background there and the transition moving forward?
Jon Nudi: Sure John, great question. What I would say was there is really two specific categories and some specific issues within each, which drove to our merchandising softness. So for cereal, we executed a pack price architecture project through the first half that touched nearly 70% of our line. So was our major project on top of that we had capacity constraints in our flake cereals and combined the two cause some disruption in our execution particularly in the months of September and October. And we didn't get the merchandising that we had expected. We got back into business from a merchandising standpoint in November and we saw our business bounce back. For snacks, we've had capacity constraints on two of our major platforms there as well and also some timing shifts from major retailers from Q2 to Q3. So we feel really good about our ability to get merchandising and actually get back to plan from a merchandising standpoint that will shift out again from Q2 to Q3. You're starting to see it already again November was a much better month through two weeks of December the Nielsen that's out you can see that our momentum continues and we were actually up 1 overall in dollars. So it was really cereal and snacks that are specific drivers that again around the past we feel good about our ability to execute moving forward.
John Baumgartner : Great. And then just a follow-up for Don, in terms of some of the businesses that you're thinking about maybe selling some of the slower growth assets any update there in terms of timing or maybe what you're -- how the volatility of the market impact some of those plans going forward?
Don Mulligan: Yes, there's no update. We spoke in the past about looking at roughly 5% of our portfolio that still in line, but we don't have any update until we are ready to pull the trigger on something.
John Baumgartner: Great, thanks for your time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies and Co. Please proceed with your question.
Akshay Jagdale: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So my first question is on Blue Buffalo. As far as the Mass or the FDM expansion goes I think it's well publicized now that there is a delay in the resets at one major retailer by about seven weeks or so. And so in light of that you've still maintained your guidance. So that leaves me to believe that you weren't really taking a lot of that in your guidance to begin with, but can you just help us understand some of the delays in shelf resets how that has impacted your numbers? And then related to that I think Jeff you made a comment about how the mix of that business is actually margin positive. I think there is a big disconnect in expectations on this -- on our side as to the FDM channel being sort of margin mix neutral to positive going forward.
Jeff Harmening : Yes, so in terms of the second half distribution build, when we came into the year, it's fair to say that we assumed that we would have a big push in our distribution plans kind of at the end of January and for a variety of reasons that's going to be delayed by a few weeks to be honest in the life of a brand, it's not a big deal. What it means is that because it really starts in February now instead of January it pushes it into our fourth quarter instead of our third. But in terms of what it means for the brand to be honest it's not a huge deal. And what I would also say is that we have been -- while that delay may have impacted the year a little bit to the negative, our product expansion or variety expansion to other customers is going to be frankly the uptake on that is going to be better than we anticipated because Blue has been so strong and those initial customers we launched into a year ago. So when you get those things together, we'll have strong growth in Food, Drug and Mass for the year. So we feel really good about that. In terms of wet pet food and treats, if I understand your question correctly, the -- what we see is that there'll be a product mix in Food, Drug and Mass so it'll be a little bit different skew a little bit more toward the wet and treat segments where the profit margins are better. I mean, first of all, they're all good, all the profit margin in pet are good, certainly relative to General Mills average, those tend to be particularly good. And as we push into that that's one of the reasons our household penetration is up higher than our sales because as we expand into Food, Drug and Mass and also why it's incremental because we see a different product mix.
Akshay Jagdale: Perfect. And one follow-up maybe for Jon, it relates to North America and the recovery in the context of your guidance again, right. So you’ve maintain your sales growth guidance implies as pretty significant turnaround in the businesses in the back half. And you've pointed to some what I would call tactical changes or improvements, right? So can you help us understand how like better merchandising let's say on snacks could have a material impact like because it seems like that's what needs to happen to get to the top line numbers. Thanks.
Jon Nudi: Yes. So I'd say two things. One, again, as we look at the underlying health of our business through the first half, we feel good about it, as our bass lines were flat, distribution points are heading in the right direction, feel good about innovation and marketing. So the base business feel strong, it was really merchandising that we saw the midst of plan. And as I mentioned before, we have a good line of sight to getting that merchandising back into the back half.  The other thing that I believe Don touched on in the prepared remarks is through the first half, there was a difference between what we reported in RNS and what Nielsen movement was. Some of the drivers there were the Green Giant comp that we had through the first half that goes away as we go into Q3 and into the back half. We did see some significant inventory reductions at some major customers in the first half. As we've had collaborative discussions with those customers, we don't believe that we’ll see another downshift in the back half of this year. And then finally, as Don mentioned, there were some trade phasing that some minor differences that were a bit of a headwind in the first half and become a more of a tailwind in the back half. So really, I think from an execution standpoint, if we get our merchandising where we expected to be continue the baseline strength we believe that we can be where we need to be to deliver for the company.
Jeff Harmening : And I am going to build on that, I agree with everything that Jon said and I would build on it by saying. I mean, if you look at what we had done had in one of our slides. If you look at the first half of the year, our organic sales were flat. And our guidance for year was flat to up 1%. And so on our organic business, we don't need to jump out of our shoes in order to hit our guidance for the year. We need -- do we need to improve a little bit? Yes. But we don't need to improve so significantly that we feel like, we have to go out buy volume at any cost in the back half of the year to hit our sales guidance, that's not the case at all. We just need to improve a little bit in a couple of specific areas.  The biggest improvement you're going to see in our back half of the year is going to be on Blue Buffalo. And you'll see that, because of the comps and in fact we are lapping the inventory from Q2 and we're not doing that again back half and we're doubling our distribution. That will be the biggest increase and we have very tangible plans in place in order to recognize that.
Akshay Jagdale: Thank you. 
Jeff Harmening : I think maybe we'll try to get one more on please. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line with -- from David Driscoll with Citi. Please proceed with your question. 
David Driscoll: All right. Well, I appreciate making it in under the wire. Good morning.
Jeff Harmening :  Good morning, David. 
Don Mulligan: Good morning, David. 
David Driscoll: I wanted to ask a few questions on Blue Buffalo. Can you guys quantify the growth in the wet treats and other and in dry food?
Don Mulligan: From a retail sales standpoint, if you look across channels we're seeing wet and treats growth in the 20% range. So well ahead of the total. So we feel really good about where we're seeing that and as Jeff said Food, Drug and Mass is where we're seeing particularly outperformance for wet and treats. 
David Driscoll: Okay. And then on dry, do you have any number that you can give us, of course that's the biggest piece of it. So I would assume that it was down related to the FDM launch from year ago. But any quantification you can give on that. Buff used to give that disclosures and I think it's pretty helpful.
Jon Nudi: Yes, David what I was just referencing were our retail sales not the net sales, right. Net sales were down and I actually don't have the split on net sales between dry wet and treats, but from a retail standpoint, again wet and treats were driving some nice growth. But in total with dry being the bulk of the business you still saw positive trends there.
Jeff Harmening : But I think your instincts Dave are right about the business. I think your instincts are right in that. Because it was the inventory build in the Food, Drug and mass last year on the Life Protection Formula, big piece of which was dry. It's fair to assume that that business on a reported net sales basis didn't perform as well, because that's where we had the inventory builds. So I think your instincts are right even if we don't have the exact numbers in front of us right now I think your instincts are correct?
David Driscoll: And then on the Wilderness brand. That's the second largest brand at the company. Can you make any comments about how that brand is growing?
Jeff Harmening : Well, it's a first of all Wilderness is a great brand. And I think some of the best packaging we have at General Mills and some of the best equity. And I can tell you it's kind of a tail of two things, we don't have it in FDM at the moment, but in specialty it's doing okay, but it's declining a little bit because our business in Pet Specialty declining and e-commerce it’s on fire. So the fair amount of our growth in e-commerce is Wilderness as well as the Life Protection Formula, and what I can tell you that's a great sub line. And we think it has a lot of potential just like we think Life Protection Formula has still a lot of potential.
David Driscoll: Okay. Two more Buff questions and then one question for, Don. The two final ones on Buff were just, I think you mentioned on your new product plans that you'd be launching new varieties. But just for clarity, are these new varieties in the marketplace in any marketplace or are these varieties that were in some channels previously and you’re moving those kind of existing varieties into FDM. I just want to be clear if it's really a new product or if it's existing product channel expansion?
Jeff Harmening : It's fair to assume that it's existing products that we're expanding channels. So products with a proven track record of success that we are expanding.
David Driscoll: Okay. And then for Don, two questions for you, one on the startup of the new plants for Blue Buffalo. Can you give us any quantification as to either the dollar expenses of these new startups, -- the plant startup costs on your P&L and or the gross margin impact, because in the past for Blue these were significant expenses. And then I have a debt question for you, just would like you to talk about your debt pay down plans, your debt to EBITDA target. And I believe you have $1 billion maturity in February. And I ask all this in light of what's happened to your dividend yield and get your thoughts there. Thank you.
Don Mulligan: Sure. Yes, in terms of Blue, plant startup if you see what the profit decline in the quarter, it was about a third from lower sales, a third from plant startup costs and a third from the impact of inflation. And so to your point, it was a significant factor and that’s something that we will roll through as the year unfolds. So that's I think your recollection of the impact is correct. As far as debt, year-to-date from end of the year till now our debt is down about $500 million. We do have that maturity coming up. So we’ll have the opportunity to bring that down further in the back half of the year, not by the full billion, but by some additional amount. And we still target to exit F2020 with our leverage ratio at 3.5 which is what we announced at the time of the deal. 
David Driscoll: Thanks. I appreciate the comments. Thank you and happy holidays. 
Jeff Harmening : Happy holidays.
Don Mulligan: Thank you, David.
Jeff Harmening : And that's all the time we have. Thanks everyone for hanging with us. Appreciate all the good questions and please reach out with further questions, we're around all day. Thanks so much. Have a great holiday season.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you kindly disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-09-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Siemon - VP, IR Jeff Harmening - Chairman and CEO Don Mulligan - CFO Jon Nudi - Group President, North America Retail
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays David Driscoll - Citi Chris Growe - Stifel Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray Alexia Howard - Bernstein Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Jason English - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Mills First Quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, September 18th of 2018. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Siemon, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Celina, and good morning, everybody. I am here with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; and Don Mulligan, our CFO. In addition, Jon Nudi, who leads our North America Retail segment, is also with us for the question-and-answer portion of the call. And I’ll turn things over to them in a moment, but before I do, let me cover a few housekeeping items. Our press release on first quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning, and you can find the release and a copy of the slides that supplement our remarks this morning, on our Investor Relations website. Please note that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and the second slide in today’s presentation was factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. In addition, you’ll note in the release that this is the first quarter we are incorporating operating results for Blue Buffalo, which we are reporting in a new Pet operating segment. And as we mentioned on our fourth quarter call, we are reporting Blue on a one month lag to our corporate calendar, which means the Pet segment’s first quarter includes results through July. Finally, I’ll note that beginning this quarter, we’ve adopted the new accounting requirements for the presentation of pension, post-retirement and post-employment benefit expenses. This change separates service costs from other benefit-related expenses or income, which have moved out of corporate items and into a new line below operating profit. Just to be clear, there is no impact to net earnings attributable to General Mills. For those of you looking to update your models, we posted a revised fiscal 2018 quarterly income statement to our Investor Relations website, yesterday. And with that, I’ll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Jeff.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. I’m pleased to say that we’re off to a good start in fiscal 2019. We drove organic net sales growth for the fourth consecutive quarter, nearly 0.5%, which in this presentation rounds down to flat. The Blue Buffalo transition is progressing well. And we continue to expect double-digit top and bottom line growth for that business this year, excluding the acquisition-related charge. First quarter adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS results finished ahead of our expectations. And we remain on track to deliver our full-year fiscal 2019 targets. Slide five summarizes General Mills’ first quarter financial performance. Net sales totaled $4.1 billion. Organic net sales were up modestly, driven by positive net price realization and mix across all four legacy operating segments. Adjusted operating profit of $641 million was up 3% in constant currency including an 8-point headwind from a onetime purchase accounting charge related to the Blue Buffalo acquisition. Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.71 were in line with year ago levels in constant currency, despite a $0.06 negative impact from the purchase accounting charge. As I mentioned, these results were ahead of our expectations on the bottom line. We’re making good progress against the three key fiscal 2019 priorities we outlined on our Q4 earnings call. As a reminder, those priorities are, first, to grow our core by continuing to compete effectively through compelling consumer news, innovation and in-store support, and by accelerating our differential growth platforms; second, to successfully transition Blue Buffalo into the General Mills family; and third, to deliver on our financial commitments, leveraging our holistic margin management program to drive efficiency, increasing our price mix through our enhanced strategic revenue management capability and maintaining a sharp focus on working capital and cash flow. Let me share a few highlights of our first quarter progress against each of these priorities, starting on slide seven. Growing our core in fiscal 2019 represents a step-up from our fiscal 2018 organic growth rate. And we’ve identified a few specific areas where we expect to deliver improved performance in 2019. These include improvements in our U.S. Yogurt and emerging market businesses, greater contributions from innovation, stabilization of U.S. retail distribution trends, and increased price mix benefits as we leverage strategic revenue management. Through the first quarter, we’ve seen improvements in almost all of these areas. U.S. Yogurt and our emerging markets posted better net sales results compared to fiscal ‘18. Our first half new product launches are off to a good start, including our new YQ and petite Oui yogurt launches in the U.S. and new Häagen-Dazs cups and stick bars in Europe and in Asia. And our U.S. distribution was down just 1% in Q1 after declining mid single digits in 2018. Our organic price mix was up 1% in the quarter, which was in line with last year’s results. And we expect our SRM actions will generate increasing price mix benefits as fiscal 2019 unfolds. One of the reasons we believe we can achieve our price mix goals in fiscal ‘19 is that we’re seeing price mix contributions building and the broader industry in recent quarters. As you can see on slide eight, total U.S. food and beverage retail sales were up nearly 3% in the first quarter in Nielsen measured outlets, almost 2.5 points better than a year ago. And that’s being driven by more than 2 points of positive price mix. In fact, price mix in the industry has increased in each of the last four quarters, which isn’t surprising given the uptick we’ve seen and input cost inflation. What’s even more encouraging is that the industry volumes have improved a bit over that time. At the same time, as industry trends have improved, we’ve seen our competitiveness improved significantly, as measured by our market share performance.  Slide nine shows our market share evolution in our nine largest U.S. categories, which collectively represent more than 80% of our U.S. retail sales. After gaining share in only 2 of 9 categories in fiscal 2017, we significantly improved our competitiveness over the last 15 months through stronger news, innovation and in-store execution, resulting in steady share improvement in fiscal 2018 and market share gains in 8 of the 9 top categories in the first quarter of 2019. Let me give you a few specific examples of how we’re competing effectively across some of our key platforms around the world. We grew our cereal business in fiscal 2018 in the U.S. retail and away from home channels and outside North America through our CPW joint venture. Our U.S. Cereal business grew market share yet again in the first quarter, driven by continued strong performance on our taste brands. Trix posted and more than 60% retail sales growth behind the relaunch of our classic tricks colors and marshmallow news helped Lucky Charms post 9% retail sales growth on top of last year’s 16% growth rate. Our new Cheerios Oat Crunch offering already captured a half a point of share in the category in August as we continue to deliver news benefits on the country’s largest cereal brand. And our first quarter success extended to away-from-home outlets with cereal net sales in our Convenience Stores & Foodservice segment up low single digits, given by continued strong performance and K-12 schools and colleges and universities. U.S. Yogurt continues to improve behind our strategy to expand into faster growing segments of the category. We entered the simply better segment in fiscal 2018 with the introduction of Oui by Yoplait. Distribution on Oui is still growing this year, driven by new varieties of our core Oui platform and our launch of Oui Petites, a new sub-line featuring indulgent flavors such as Milk Chocolate and Sea Salt Caramel. In July, we added our presence in simply better yogurt with YQ, a new yogurt made with ultra-filtered milk that appeal to modern weight managers, seeking high protein, less sugar, simple ingredients and great taste and is 99% lactose-free. And as yogurt consumers increasingly shift away from Greek, we’ve seen considerable improvement for Yoplait Original, including growth on our single unit cup business and we’re also growing our largest kids’ yogurt business Go-Gurt behind fun news and engaging brand messaging. We’re bringing our U.S. innovation strategy to Europe this year with the introduction of simply better glass pot offerings in both the UK and France under the Liberté and Panier brands. And we continue to innovate in high growth areas such as organic and non-dairy yogurts. In addition to our global platforms, we’ve driven good performance on our regional businesses so far in fiscal 2019. In the U.S., we’ve entered the soup season with good momentum on Progresso including low-single-digit retail sales growth and market share gains in the first quarter. Retail sales for fruit snacks were up mid single digits in Q1 as we’ve shifted the focus of our messaging to a teen target. And Totino’s hot snacks posted high single digit retail sales growth, thanks to brand building and innovation that connects with our millennial male consumer. We’re also growing in China on our Wanchai Ferry dumplings business. We’ve had good success with our new premium dumpling offerings and our advertising campaign focused on Wanchai Ferry’s superior taste. And we’re encouraged by the improved performance we saw in Brazil in the first quarter across our Yoki snacks businesses, especially popcorn, where we gained record share behind our seasonal brand campaign and stronger in-store execution. In addition to competing effectively, the second component of our growing our core in fiscal ‘19 is accelerating our four differential growth platforms. We generated 3% year-to-date global retail sales growth on Old El Paso, led by our performance in the U.S. On this base0driven, non-seasonal business year-round consumer support is critical. So, we added incremental media behind our Anything Goes In Old El Paso campaign, and it’s working. Retail sales were up 6% and baseline sales grew high single digits in the U.S. in the first quarter. We’re also benefiting from strong new items including our new hint-of-lime shells, crispy taco seasoning and mini tortilla bowl kits which have helped grow distribution for the Old El Paso brand. In our natural and organic portfolio, we continued to optimize our assortment through SKU rationalization. While this has dampened total growth, we are seeing strong performance on our core products including 13% retail sales growth on Annie’s Mac and Cheese and mid-single-digit growth on Annie’s organic fruit snacks and graham crackers in the first quarter. We’re seeing good performance elsewhere in this portfolio too, including EPIC snack bars and Cascadian Farm frozen products which are both growing double digits. Year-to-date measured channel retail sales for our global snack bars business were in line with last year with stronger growth in non-measured markets and channels. Outside North America, Nature Valley and Fiber One innovation and distribution expansion drove strong double digit retail sales growth in Europe and Australia. Our Pillsbury Cookie Cake bars are growing rapidly in India. And we’re expanding brand penetration and growing distribution in Mexico and other parts of Latin America. Within the U.S., Lärabar posted another quarter of double-digit retail sales growth, while Nature Valley retail sales were down 1%. Fiber One on the other hand has underperformed our expectations with retail sale down more than 20%, driven by intense competitive pressures and distribution declines. We have more work to do on Fiber One in the U.S. and we expect improved performance in our U.S. snack bars business in the back half of the year, leveraging media and innovation to support Nature Valley, Lärabar, EPIC as well as Fiber One. Häagen-Dazs ice cream, our final accelerate platform, posted 8% global retail sales growth on top of double-digit growth in the same period last year. In the UK, our second largest Häagen-Dazs market in the world, we drove 26% retail sales growth and achieved record sales and penetration behind our Wimbledon activation. Globally, we’re benefiting from good innovation such as our new peanut butter flavors and sticks and pints, as well as in our new packaging, design and other brand building support. So, while our year-to-date performance across key platforms has been mixed, we feel good about our ability to improve our top-line performance over last year in total, and to grow our core in fiscal 2019. Now, let’s shift gears and talk about our second key priority for fiscal ‘19, successfully transitioning Blue Buffalo into the General Mills family. I am pleased to say that the combination of the two organizations has gone smoothly so far. And I’ve been impressed by the quality of the Blue team in Wilton, Connecticut and across the country. Our transition philosophy has been clear from day one, bring General Mills capabilities to bear where they can add value and stay out of the way where they’re not needed. We’re seeing early wins across key areas including supply chain, sales, innovation and strategic revenue management. From a sale in standpoint, net sale for Blue Buffalo were up 40% on a pro forma basis in Q1, including a stub period at the end of April after we close the acquisition. Excluding those additional days, pro forma net sales were up mid single digits. Looking at in-market performance. We continue to see strong pet parents sell-through on a like-for-like basis with total retail sales up 9% in the quarter. We expect the timing of channel expansion will continue to drive variability in our quarterly net sales results this year. For example, at this time last year, Blue Buffalo was launching their initial wave into Food, Drug and Mass customers. We saw a dramatic growth as they filled the customer pipeline. We’ll lap that growth in the second quarter of this fiscal year. However, even with the variability of the year, we continue to expect Blue Buffalo will deliver double-digit top and bottom-line growth for the full year, excluding the impact of purchase accounting. On slide 16, you can see the key components of our 9% retail sales growth and how they break down by channel. Our expansion into the Food, Drug and Mass channels is progressing well with retail sales for Blue up 20% since May. And Blue’s market share continues to grow, reaching high single digits for initial way of customers and double digit set of few customers who have really gotten behind the Blue brand. Pet food category retail sales declined mid-single-digits in the Pet Specialty channel in the first quarter as pet parents continue to shift to e-commerce in the Food, Drug and Mass channels. And with less support from some retail partners, Blue’s retail sales were down double digits, lagging the category. And Blue continues to win in the rapidly evolving e-commerce channel with retail sales up more than 35% in the quarter and market share increasing as well. As we look ahead to the rest of fiscal 2019, we have plans to accelerate our growth in pet, while maintaining our channel-specific approach. We’ll continue to execute our Food, Drug and Mass expansion in a thoughtful way, ensuring we’re learning from each new customer launch. We’re also focused on improving our trends in Pet Specialty. Billy Bishop and his team have recently held top-to-top meetings with the new CEOs at our largest customers in the channel and have reinforced our commitment to their business. Looking ahead, we think there’s an opportunity to drive improved performance for Pet Specialty and for Blue by improving in-store execution, continuing to support our Pet Detective program and maximizing visibility of exclusive innovation that we’re launching in the specialty channel this year. And we think we can help our customers’ categories as we do this. Finally, we’ll continue to drive robust growth in e-commerce. We’re partnering with the biggest e-commerce pet retailers to drive visibility for Blue on the digital shelf, which will help solidify its position as the number one pet food brand online. Our third key priority this year is to deliver our financial commitments, and we’re off to a good start here as well. We’re on track to deliver $450 million of cost of goods HMM savings, led by benefits from our global sourcing team. We’re capitalizing on opportunities to drive improved price mix, leveraging the analytical insights generated by our strategic revenue management group. We continue to maintain a sharp focus on cash, resulting in another reduction in core working capital in the first quarter. And as I said earlier, we finished the quarter ahead of plan on the bottom-line. With that as an overall summary, let me pass it to Don to provide more details on our financials and our segment level results.
Don Mulligan: Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Jeff provided a summary of our first quarter financial results. Now, I’ll share a few additional details, starting with the components of net sales growth on slide 20. Organic net sales rounded down to flat versus year-ago, driven by positive net price realization in mix across all four legacy segments, offset by lower contributions from volume. Foreign currency translation did not have a material impact on net sales. And the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures yielded a 9-point benefit to net sales. Turning to our segment results, on slide 21. North America retail net sales declined 2% as reported and were down 1% on an organic basis. Consumer takeaway was a bit stronger, with Nielsen measured retail sales flat in the quarter. Net sales in the U.S. snacks operating unit were down 4% due to declines on Fiber One snack bars, partially offset by strong innovation performance on Lärabar and EPIC bars. Canada net sales were down 4% as reported and 2% in constant currency. Net sales for U.S. Meals & Baking were down 2%, primarily driven by the comparison to last year’s first quarter that included co-packing sales related to the Green Giant divestiture. U.S. Yogurt net sales were also down 2% as declines on Greek and Light were partially offset by Oui and YQ innovations in our simply better segment, and solid performance Go-Gurt and original style yogurt. Retail sales results for yogurt were stronger with Nielsen measured takeaway nearly flat in the quarter. U.S. Cereal posted 1% net sales growth behind effective product news on Lucky Charms, Trix and other core brands. Constant currency segment operating profit increased 3% in the first quarter due to benefits from net price realization mix, lower SG&A expenses and benefits from productivity initiatives, partially offset by higher input cost inflation. In Convenience Stores & Foodservice, first quarter organic net sales increased 4%. Our Focus 6 platforms delivered 4% net sales growth led by Chex Mix snacks and Pillsbury Stuffed Waffle in convenience stores as well as frozen pot breakfast and bullpen cereals in K-12 schools. Segment operating profit increased 14% in the quarter, driven by net sales growth from the higher margin Focus 6 platforms and increased cost savings, partially offset by higher input cost inflation. Organic net sales for Europe and Australia segment were up 1% in the first quarter, driven by strong performance at our ice cream snack bar platforms. At Häagen-Dazs, net sales were up double digits as we continue to expand our distribution in Australia and Europe with snack bar, with stick bar, MiniCup and pint innovation, and as we execute local brand activations in key markets to better engage with consumer and drive trial. Snack bars also grew double-digits. Thanks to excellent performance on our Nature Valley and Fiber One brands as we continue to increase household penetration behind distribution gains, effective messaging and strong innovation. First quarter segment operating profit increased 12% in constant currency due to favorable sales mix and lower SG&A expenses, partially offset by raw material inflation and currency-driven inflation on products imported into the UK. Our Asia and Latin American segment posted an 8% increase in organic net sales in the first quarter with good growth in Brazil, China and India, the segment’s 3 largest markets. Our performance in Latin America has improved dramatically from last year, as we’ve transitioned past our Brazil enterprise reporting system implementation and benefited from our new Yoki brand campaign and terrific performance on snack bars. In Asia, Häagen-Dazs posted strong growth by the effective consumer activation including our Let’s Peach Party campaign in key markets. Wanchai Ferry in China strengthened due to innovation on core dumplings and improved in-store execution. And our snack bars platform continued to deliver excellent results in India and the Middle East. Segment operating profit in Asia and Latin America was $12 million compared to $16 million a year ago, due to input cost inflation and higher SG&A expenses. For our Pet segment, first quarter net sales totaled $343 million. Jeff mentioned that this was up 14% on a pro forma basis, including 7 additional days from the stub period in April. It was up mid-single-digits without the extra days. We expect pro forma net sales growth to accelerate in the second half of the fiscal year as we execute against our growth plans in FDM, Pet Specialty and e-commerce channels. Segment operating profit of $14 million was $62 million below prior year on a pro forma basis, driven by $56 million of non-cash purchase accounting charges including an inventory adjustment and intangible amortization, as well as significant input cost inflation and start-up costs related to two new production facilities. Year-to-go Pet segment operating profit will be driven by accelerated top-line performance, positive mix, benefits from a recent price increase, HMM initiatives and the ramp-up of acquisition synergies. Finally, as Jeff mentioned, we continue to expect double-digit top and bottom-line growth for the Pet segment in fiscal ‘19 excluding purchase accounting charges. Turning to margin results on slide 26. First quarter adjusted gross margin and operating profit margin were below last year, driven by input cost inflation and the one-time purchase accounting inventory adjustment, partially offset my positive net price realization and mix, COGS HMM savings and lower SG&A expenses. Excluding the one-time purchase counting charge, adjusted gross margin was down 30 basis points and adjusted operating profit margin increased 50 basis points. For the full-year, we continue to expect input costs inflation will be 5% of cost of goods, 1 point above fiscal ‘18 levels. And we expect price mix benefits from our SRM actions will build in the coming quarters. Slide 27 summarizes our joint venture results in the quarter. CPW net sales were down 2% in constant currency due to declines in Latin America partially offset by strong performance in the Asia, Middle East and Africa region. Häagen-Dazs Japan net sales declined 14% in constant currency, driven primarily by declines on core mini cups and the comparison against 14% growth in the year-ago period. Combined after-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $18 million compared to $24 million a year-ago, primarily driven by our $5 million after-tax share of a restructuring charge at CPW, which is excluded from our adjusted earnings. Slide 28 summarizes other noteworthy income statements items in the quarter. Corporate unallocated expenses excluding certain items affecting comparability increased by $22 million in the quarter. Benefit plan non-service income totaled $21 million, compared to $20 million in the same period last year. Net interest expense increased $61 million, driven primarily by debt raised to fund the Blue Buffalo acquisition. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 22.7% compared to 30.5% a year-ago, primarily driven by net benefits related to U.S. tax reform. We continue to expect our full-year adjusted effective tax rate will be in the range between 23% and 24%. And average diluted shares outstanding were up 3% in the quarter. Slide 29 provides our balance sheet and cash flow highlights in the quarter. Our core working capital balance totaled $671 million, down 31% versus last year’s first quarter as benefits from our terms extension program, more than offset higher receivable and inventory balances from Blue Buffalo’s addition to our balance sheet. First quarter operating cash flow grew to $607 million, primarily reflecting net improvements in working capital. Capital investments totaled $113 million and we paid $294 million in dividends in the quarter. Let me close today’s remarks by reiterating that we remain on track to deliver the fiscal ‘19 guidance we outlined at our Investor Day in July. Reported net sales are expected to increase 9% to 10% in constant currency, including the addition of Blue Buffalo. We expect organic net sales to range between flat and up 1%. We estimate constant currency adjusted operating profit will increase 6% to 9% from the base of $2.6 million reported in fiscal 2018. As Jeff Siemon mentioned upfront, this 2018 base has been revised to reflect the change in presentation of benefit plan non-service income. Constant currency adjusted diluted EPS is expected to range between flat and down 3% from the base of $3.11 earned in fiscal ‘18. We currently estimate foreign currency to be immaterial to full-year net sales, operating profit and EPS. And we’re targeting free cash flow conversion of at least 95% of adjusted after tax earnings. With that, let me open the lines for questions. Operator, can you please get us started?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Please go ahead with your question. 
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Just two quick things. And if I missed this, I apologize. I think -- was there anything, I guess, in 1Q that perhaps helped lower relative SG&A a bit more than we all on the outside might have thought? And if so, maybe how much of that might be timing related and when do you think that comes into play to impact SG&A as we go through the year? And then, second, I think Don, last quarter, you’d mentioned that perhaps you expected gross margin to be roughly flattish year-over-year for the full-year. Is that still an expectation that you think makes sense here, given what we saw in the first quarter? Thank you.
Don Mulligan: Yes. Sure, Andrew. I’ll tackle both of those. For SG&A, -- I guess, I’ll back up and just talk about the results more broadly versus our expectations. And as Jeff said, we were pleased to start the year with a stronger profit performance than our expectations. Frankly, I think it’s a testament to the organization’s focus on cost discipline while we drive improved top-line. Just to set the stage, the sales did come in where we expected. The mix by business is different, but in total, we were on plan. So, our overperformance on the bottom-line was across P&L, many P&L items including SG&A. Gross margin was better due to favorable mix, project timing and inventory absorption. Andrew, to your question, SG&A benefited from lower corporate spending, some of our departmental spending, which will be phased later in the year, some stock-based comp being lower and media being slightly lower than planned. And plus, below that the tax rate came in a bit favorable to our plan, it was clearly under our 23 to 24 range for the full-year. So, we feel good about how we came out of the first quarter with the lead. But we know it’s a dynamic environment and that really did factor into our thinking about the full-year -- the full-year guidance. So, if we go back to SG&A, the key factors were the phasing of our corporate spending, which will phase more in the back half of the year or the back part of the year now in the stock-based comp and media. Of those, I think the stock-based comp will stick for the year, but the others I think will tend to unwind is a year unfolds. In terms of gross margins. What we saw in the quarter was that it reflects higher inventory levels -- or higher inflation levels, excuse me, that haven’t yet been fully offset by benefits of price mix and HMM. And as I mentioned in my comments, we expect price mix to improve as the year unfolds and we also expect HMM to increase as we get continued and incremental benefits from our global sourcing activity. That all said, I think as per our guidance at the beginning of the year, our operating margins will be down somewhat for the year, if you look at what our guidance for sales versus our guidance for operating profit would indicate. And I think just based on how we’re seeing some of the investment against the business, Andrew, I think there’s probably going to be a little bit more pressure on gross margin than we originally anticipated. As we look at what investment, what growth vehicles are working for us, as we look through the frame of our total brand investments, we’re seeing some activity that’s probably going to put a little bit of pressure on our gross margin. But we think it’s going to have a good payback on the top-line for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line David Driscoll of Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
David Driscoll: Just a quick follow-up on Andrew’s question on gross margin. So, I understand your full-year comments, but wouldn’t the second quarter maybe somewhat negatively impacted by the factors that you described? So, the price mix benefits more back half of the year, but the inflation I think is relatively even throughout the year. So, gross margin down in second quarter and then it gets positive in the back half. Just that little modeling clarification would be would be helpful. And then, I have a question on Blue Buffalo, please.
Don Mulligan: Yes. I think that you’re right, David. The flow will be such that we’ll see a larger benefit both from HMM and price mix in the back half of the year. So, we expect to see some of the gross margin pressure continue in the second quarter.
David Driscoll: Okay. And then, on Blue Buffalo, you reiterated your double-digit sales growth guidance. Takeaway was up 9%. So, can you just talk a little bit about why you’re so confident in the double-digit sales growth? And then maybe within that answer, just talk a little bit more about Pet Specialty and why you think you can improve the trends there?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, David. So, this is Jeff. I’ll take that. I mean, there are a lot of moving parts in our business in general and specifically to Blue Buffalo with extra weeks and sell-ins and sellouts. But the key for me and I think in all of that, you hit the nail on the head which is 9% takeaway. And when consumers are buying it, usually good things follow, and we have 9% growth. And I’m confident, because we’re generating that kind of growth and we still only have 3% household penetration among pet parents. We have a lot of room to expand in Food, Drug and Mass. We’re only at 30% distribution. And in Pet Specialty, we think that we can not only improve our business, but in the process, help our retail customers. And we’ll do it -- the way that General Mills builds categories, look, the more we look at this category, the more we like it, the more it feels like categories, we understand and know how to drive and will improve in Pet Specialty food through things like innovation, through shelf management, through merchandising, through consumer promotions, all the levers that we know in the rest of our food business. They all apply to Pet, and they all apply to the Pet Specialty channel. And so, we feel like we know how to do this. And we’re committed to working with the new leadership in the Pet Specialty channel, to help Blue Buffalo, which we think -- we think, in turn can help their business as well.
David Driscoll: And then, Jeff, just one follow-up on your comments here. In the second quarter, I think you called out in your script, the year-ago sell-in from the initial FDM customers. Does that mean that Blue Buffalo sales will be flattish in this upcoming second quarter because of that real tough compare, could they actually be down? Just any magnitude of guidance would be helpful.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, David. I think when we think about the Blue Buffalo business, we do have confidence and a line of sight to the growth for the whole year, double-digit top and bottom line. But, one of the things that’s also very clear to us is it’s going to be variable, both on the top line and the cost side. On the top line due to changes in sell-in and inventory, and if you look at the quarterly results from last year, you’ll see that our second quarter was a big one for Blue Buffalo because they had a lot of sell-in. So, I would anticipate that in the second quarter, I’m not going to give the absolute level of sale, but I would anticipate that our sell-through to consumers will far, far outpace our RNS realization that we show in the income statement. And as we continue to expand in the Food, Drug and Mass channel, I think that will reverse over time. And then, the same will be true on the cost side, as we’re building new plants in Richmond, as we have a new treat facility up and going in Joplin, as we’re building new distribution centers. The timing of those costs isn’t always associated with the revenue. And so, we’ll see a lot of variability and we’ll just have to get used to that as we continue this expansion. It’s all part of the expansion. We saw similar things with Annie’s, Annie’s which just happened to be a smaller business. And so, we’ll make sure we flag to you. But, I think you have the general sense of how things are going to flow right.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Chris Growe of Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning. I just had a question for you, if I could. In relation to the U.S. where your sales were down in North American retail, 2%, but you gained share in the majority of your categories. So, it just seems that you need stronger sales growth across your categories to really accelerate your revenue growth. I guess, my question would be, do you expect your categories to grow in fiscal ‘19? And I guess, what are the initiatives you have in place, I’m sure, it’s innovation-driven, marketing-driven to help accelerate the growth of these categories which seemed a bit of a impediment to your sales currently?
Jon Nudi: Hey, Chris. It’s Jon Nudi. So, we saw our categories in Q1 grow about 1%. We were flat. So, if you put non-measured channels on top, we expect -- we believe that we grew about 1% in total consumer movement. So, as we look forward, we think the categories will continue to grow. We feel really good about our plans as we move through the rest of the year. It really starts with supporting our big brands. And we feel good about our media plans and are above the line promotions as well. I feel really good about innovation. In fact, in Q1, we saw 15% more innovation or RNS coming from innovation in the year prior. We believe that our plans would get even stronger as we move through the year. And then, distribution will continue to build as well. So, Jeff mentioned, we’re down about 1 point from a distribution standpoint in Q1. We expect to get back positive as we move throughout the year. And even in Q1, our share of distribution was actually positive as retailers are cutting back the number of SKUs, not shelves. So, we feel good about our plan for the year. In Q1, we saw about 2-point gap between total movement and RNS. And really that was related to pipeline and inventories at our customers. In fiscal ‘18, we saw about a 1-point gap. We expect that to be the case again in fiscal ‘19. So, you’ll see some of that work back our way as we move throughout the year. So again, we feel that our categories are going to grow. We feel good about our ability to compete on and believe that we can deliver for the year.
Chris Growe: And just one other question, if I could. And forgive me if I missed this, Don. But, how much was inflation up in the quarter? And then, I’m just curious on your SRM initiatives. Price mix was positive this quarter. Are there more price increases that go into place, something you want to get in each of those and not looking for that. But just to understand, is it that, is it more around reduced promotional spending or wait outside kind of things to help achieve stronger pricing through the year?
Don Mulligan: Yes. Inflation is fairly leveled through the year. So, the 5% is pretty consistent. It may move a couple of basis points from here there, but pretty steady through the year. As I said, HMM will grow as global sourcing initiative to contribute. So, the gap between inflation and HMM will diminish as the year unfolds. SRM will be other driver of price realization and mix. And we’re looking at all the levers, whether it’s list price or price-pack architecture, the trade optimization and mix. And as we look at the year, I think we talked about this in July, we see each of those contributing about equally as the year unfolds. And you will see an increasing contribution from that as well as the quarters past.
Jeff Harmening: I’d like to build on Don’s comment, just to remind you. I mean, we saw good, price mix -- net price realization on all four of our legacy segments, as well as Blue Buffalo. And so, the strategic revenue capability management that we’re rolling out is we’re really taking it global and I like what we’re seeing across all of the different segments.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Lavery: When you look at the distribution losses, can you give us a sense of where -- in what categories you think that should turn and become a positive tailwind, and how to think about the timing for something like that?
Jon Nudi: Michael, it’s Jon. In the U.S., again, we’ve made big strides over the past year. We were down 5 points of distribution in fiscal ‘18; in Q1, we were down 1, but share of distribution actually grew. So, if you look at the categories that we’re lagging right now, the biggest one is yogurt. And as Jeff mentioned, we’re actually seeing much improved trends, in fact grew share half-point in Q1. So, as we continue to build momentum and really prove that we can deliver in the category, particularly bring innovation and segments like simply better, we expect our distribution to build in yogurt and improve as we move throughout the year. So that would be the biggest delta that we see as we move forward.
Michael Lavery: And when you mention the innovation, obviously you’ve had some launches early fiscal ‘19 already. If you’re looking at distribution from gains from innovation, would you have a similar amount of innovation coming or is it a step-up? What’s the right way to think about the back half?
Jon Nudi: Yes. So, if you think about our yogurt launches, the biggest one was YQ by Yoplait which is off to a good start. That’s just launched in July. So, we’re still building distribution. I think at this point, we’re still only around 30% or 35% ACV. So, we expect that to continue to build. Oui Petites is another one that will build too. So, we expect both of those to continue to build throughout the quarter and throughout the rest of the year.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That’s helpful. And just the last one on the pricing. I know last year there was some accrual timing that distorted a little bit of the pacing or made the optics a little bit funny. Is there anything going on in this quarter that is similar to that?
Don Mulligan: Nothing material to note.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead with your question.
Alexia Howard: Hi. So, can I just ask about the Blue Buffalo profitability track here? It looks as though on an underlying basis, when you strip out the onetime items, it was probably down a bit in the first quarter. Is it mainly that the plant start-up costs really pressured profitability in the first quarter, and that that will improve as we move through the year? And then, can you quantify exactly how much Blue Buffalo benefited overall EBIT for the quarter as well? Thank you.
Don Mulligan: Alexia, let me get the first question. If you strip out the purchase accounting impacts, both the inventory and the ongoing amortization, the profit margins for Blue Buffalo will be about 20% and that’s versus a full year number last year about 23%. There’s about a point or so from plant startups embedded in there. So, the profitability as a percent of sales is actually pretty close to what it was for the full year last year. Now, we think that’s going to improve as the year unfolds. I mentioned, the driving factors, we’re going to see increased price mixed benefits. We’ve announced some pricing a couple months ago. And as we expand further FDM, we’ll get the product mix benefit of more wet and treat products. HMM and synergies are weighted to the back half. That includes opening a new warehouse that’s going to help offset some logistics inflation. And we expect stronger volume growth as well which will leverage fixed costs. So, all those will benefit the margins as we -- as the year unfolds.
Jeff Siemon: Let me just -- this is Jeff Siemon. I’ll just jump in your second part of your question. So, Pet segment was $14 million in profit. That’s about a little over 2% of the operating profit growth for the quarter, off of the base of a little over 600 last year.
Alexia Howard: Great, thank you. And just as a quick follow-up with marketing spending down year-on-year in the quarter, is that expected to continue? And then, I’ll pass it on. 
Don Mulligan: Yes. Media spend, the advertising spend was down in the quarter. And Alexia, that’s part of as we talked about our total brand investment where we’re looking at a number of different vehicles and it’s really by brand. And I think the testament to the fact that that’s working is that we’ve had four quarters of organic sales growth. And so, we’ll continue to make sure we’re using the right vehicle for the right brand.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian, please go ahead with your question from Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: So, Jeff, just at a high level, following up on that question. A&M levels have been down pretty significantly, in aggregate, year-over-year over the last few quarters, if you go back to the back half of last fiscal year also. And I’m a bit surprised by that, just given the shift back to top line focus and a desire to drive accelerating organic sales growth going forward. So, help me understand what sort of driven that drop in the last few quarters? I understand, some of it’s going to other areas? But also, as you look out over the next couple of years, should that line item move up? Do you expect to continue to get leverage? What are you thinking going forward? And why has there been such a big drop in the last few quarters there? Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Thanks for the question. I mean, I think -- let me start with the answer from a little different perspective, which is, look, our focus is on driving organic sales growth and driving that in most efficient effective way possible. And sometimes that’s through media spending, sometimes that’s through other types of commercial spending, things like in-store displays or coolers or adding to the sales organization in India. But, in this current year, what I’m pleased is in the first quarter, we kind of grew as I thought we would, which is we’ve improved our distribution here in the U.S., we’ve improved our new products as a percentage of sales, we’ve grown in all 3 of our top emerging markets in India and Brazil and China. And so, there are a lot of paths to growth. And we’re focusing on doing it the most efficient and effective way possible. It just turned that out in the first quarter of this year our media spending was down a little bit, even if our commercial spending was solid and we had good new product programs. And so, as we look out into the future, we’ll continue to -- we’re pretty pragmatic. And we’re looking to grow the most efficient and effective way possible. And if that’s media spending, we’ll spend more on media; if it’s more on in-store support on freezers for Häagen-Dazs, we’ll do that; if it’s building distribution or new products, we’ll do that. So, you’ll see a full variety of levers. And so, as we look out, I’m not going to give an advertising and media perspective, only because I think what we need to do is provide a growth perspective and then provide the means to get there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney from Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Jonathan Feeney: I apologize for the deep, detailed question, but I think it’s important; I want to understand what’s going on in Blue Buffalo. You gave us a lot of real helpful data. With the shift, the comparison from the period where they -- last year, they reported at June end and September end obviously gets a lot to tougher as you pointed out in your remarks. But I’m trying to understand how -- I guess how that extra month compares, like how much more difficult this comparison is Q2 versus Q1? And any comments you can make? Obviously, everything’s one month shifted forward, October comes in. How big was that and what was the kind of trend with that we can think about right now?
Jeff Siemon: Jon, this is Jeff Siemon. I’d just tell you that, if you think about the sell-in last year to the first wave of FDM customers, that really peaked in August, September, which are the first two months of Q2 for Blue Buffalo, because they’re on a month lag on our calendar. So, our first quarter for Blue Buffalo ended in July, sell-in in that first pipeline fill was really August, September. So, we’ll get the brunt of that difficult comparison here in Q2. 
Don Mulligan: And Jonathon, this is Don. To put some numbers to it, as Jeff Siemon noted upfront, we posted the pro forma results for Pet, for our F18. And what you’ll see in that, Q1 sales last year for Blue Buffalo were $302 million, in Q2 jumped to 360; and then in Q3 it was 330. So, clearly, there was a pretty significant shipment to the customers, but it’s now our second quarter.
Jonathan Feeney: Right, which is -- I guess, which tells us, it’s right about in line with what the reported numbers were for Blue Buffalo independently. There isn’t much monthly shift there.
Don Mulligan: Yes.
Jonathan Feeney: And can I ask one follow-up, Don. As far as the total, where are you as far as the total channel ACV expansion? If anywhere, if you can comment on that plans, uptake, progress report as to where we stand as far as total distribution growth? Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. So, this is Jeff. Let me intercept that question from Don and take that. We’re -- if you look at the Food, Drug and Mass channel, we are about -- we only have about 30% ACV, and we only have it with Life Protection Formula only, roughly half of the Blue Buffalo product line. So, as we look ahead, there is a tremendous amount of expansion in front of us in the Food, Drug and Mass channel. And we think we can perform better in specialty and we’re performing really well in e-commerce. So, we see a lot of -- we think that we can drive growth in all 3 of those channels for the -- we can drive for improved performance in all 3 of those channels, certainly drive growth in Food, Drug and Mass and e-commerce for the rest of this year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the question. I guess, two questions. One is, just very broadly, it’s surprising to me to see such a big difference between your reported sales and the Nielsen trends. Given that you launched a lot of new products, which I’d expect would fill the pipeline and also you have the e-commerce growth which I guess is not captured by Nielsen. You’ve mentioned some distribution kind of differences. Is that really the answer, it’s really like yogurt distribution, is that really what the difference is? And then, I have a quick follow-up.
Jon Nudi: Hi, Rob. This is John. I guess, again, for the U.S., we are planning for, and you’ve seen historically, about a 1 point gap between movement and RNS, and in Q1 it was 2 points. So, again, it was about a point different than what we’ve seen and what we expect to see for the year. So, again, we think that’ll come back to us. But beyond that, as retailers continue to draw down inventories and focus on working capital, we do expect to see that 1 point gap for the year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And then, follow-up, I think Don, you said that you would expect, given the performance of new products, you expect a bigger investment behind them in second quarter that will pressure gross margin. Can you give me a sense of what that means? Is that more marketing support, or is it that these new products are lower gross margin mix in nature? Is it pricing? What kind of investment?
Don Mulligan: So, it wasn’t necessarily related to new products, I was talking about the gross margin, it was really the flow HMM versus inflation and our pricing build over the course of the year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. But, I think you said a bigger investment also in your response to Andrew Lazar’s question?
Don Mulligan: No. The point was, as we think about our total brand investment that you’re going to see it hit numerous places in the P&L, not just in media. And I referenced the fact that packaging forward would be an example of something that would hit gross margin, and certainly as we talked about, Oui has been one of the strongest marketing aspects of it.
Jeff Harmening: One of the others is customer activation funds, and where we’re getting in-store taco truck visibility, or other activations we’re getting brand as one in-store, that falls above the net sales line, which should also obviously pressure gross margin.
Don Mulligan: Yes. That wasn’t necessarily unique to Q2; that was just more of a comment as we think about the full-year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. So, maybe it’s a shift in media -- lower media and more towards these types of activities?
Don Mulligan: Yes, for sure. Year-over-year, we’ll see that. Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Two questions for me. One, just related to the pricing, the comments you made about price mix will build through the balance of the year. So, I guess, one, just how much of that has already been, I guess discussed with and sold in, and how much still has to sort of be negotiated or sold in? If we can get a sense for that. Just trying to get a sense for, how much could still be open to, I guess, some variability. And then, the second related to that is just, you kind of made a commentary about, just in general, there’s the retailers -- at retailers, there’s more price mix going in. And just why -- what factors are sort of allowing that to happen? Is it that more companies are coming through with SRM tools and being smarter about the way they can sort of negotiate pricing or if there’s some other factor that’s sort of enabling that to -- sort of go into the market?
Jeff Harmening: As we look at the broader food and beverage trends, I think, there’s been a lot written about pricing, and particularly, about how tough it is to get pricing in this environment with everything being so competitive. And it is a competitive environment. But, I think that’s only part of the story. The other part of the story is we’re actually seeing quite a bit of inflation for the industry, and we’re seeing it in a number of areas. So, we’re seeing it in raw materials; we’re seeing it in logistics; we’re seeing it in wage increases. And our retailers are saying the same things. And so, I think that to be honest, in some cases, part of the conversation that had been lost -- the part that it’s a competitive environment, has not been lost. But the part that there’s inflation across a wide spectrum of types of input costs, I think has been lost a little bit. And we all see that and our competitor see that and retailer see that. So, I think that the pricing mix we’ve seen in the marketplace -- and a couple of points of pricing is not a tremendous amount, and it’s certainly not egregious as -- when it comes to the kind of inflation that we’re seeing overall. And so, I think that actually explains why we’re seeing a little bit of pricing in the market, because both we, as manufacturers and our retail customers are all seeing their costs go up on a variety of fronts. As we look at our price -- as we look into the future, we’ll continue to work all four levers of price realization. So, whether that’s list pricing or trade or sizing or what have you, we will look at all the different elements. And we’ve sold a lot in already. And I’m sure there may be some to come, but we’ve sold a lot of them already all over the globe. And so, we’ve got a pretty good line of sight as to what to expect for the rest of the year.
Bryan Spillane: And I just had one follow-up. There was a couple of comments made about to 2Q, I guess with regard to spending and margins. And so, just as we’re looking at sort of the bottom-line, would we expect that the earnings growth or the earnings performance in the second quarter would still be -- the expectation would be that it would be suitable be below the full-year range or does it all net out to being something close to what you’re expecting for the full-year in terms of earnings growth?
Don Mulligan: Yes. But, we’re not going to forecast in the quarter. I think, we gave some sort of guidance on, some of the Q2 factors we see in response to David’s question on how Q2 will unfold on gross margin versus what we saw in Q1 and then some comments on Blue. I don’t think that we’re going to go any further than that in terms of discussing the quarter.
Bryan Spillane: All right. I figured, I’d give it a try at least. All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Jason English: I guess, I wanted to come back with another question on the media horse, because I don’t think we’ve beaten it to death just yet. Can you quantify how much you’re A&P was down this quarter, both all-in with Buff and on a base business perspective?
Don Mulligan: Yes. All-in, it contributed to SG&A, it was down mid to high single digits, all-in and double digit on the base business. Again, I would just make sure that we also put that in the context of that we grew organic sales growth for the fourth consecutive quarter. So the levers that we are investing are paying off for us.
Jason English: No doubt, no doubt. And to a couple of questions, or in response to a couple of questions. I think you referenced a bit more trade spend going in and maybe you initially planned for the year in terms of customer activation. As we think about the full year and we think about the totality of your consumer facing spend, both from a trade perspective and from an A&P perspective, is this still tracking in line what you initially expected, or is it going to be higher or lower than what you set up as your initial expectation coming to the year?
Don Mulligan: Yes. Jonathan, it’s in the same range as we have planned, instead of maybe in different buckets. And again, I wouldn’t necessarily call it customer activation trade, it may hit that line but it’s different than -- the promotional spending, or the price discounting that most people associated with trade. But, I just want to make sure that that’s clear. But the total brand investment is going to be very near to what we had in the plan, in the same range of the plan and that was obviously informed part of our reaffirmation of our guidance.
Jeff Harmening: Let me build on Don’s point, as we roll around in the details of media spending and trade by quarter and so forth. I mean, what I feel great about is that we did what we said we were going to do in the first quarter. And we said we are going to grow organically, and we did. We said we we’re going to grow Blue Buffalo, we did. We said we’re going to meet our financial commitments, we did. We grew 8 of the top 9 categories in the U.S. We grew in Brazil, despite the trucking strike. We grew in China. We grew in India. We grew in Europe. We grew in C&F and across our core categories and we realized pricing. And so, I do appreciate the specific nature of questions about media. But the fact is that we deliver what we said we’re going to deliver in the first quarter of issue, both in the top line and the bottom line across our established business across Blue Buffalo. And if we can do that for few more quarters, we’re going to have a good year.
Jason English: I hear you. I asked just to understand, not to critique. Thank you very much for the time. I’ll pass it on.
Jeff Siemon: All right. Celina, I think that’s probably all the time we have, given that we’re at the bottom of the hour. So, thank you, everybody for joining us this morning. I appreciate the engagement. I’m available. I know we probably didn’t get to everybody quite on the queue. So, please don’t hesitate to reach out with additional questions today. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-06-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Siemon - Vice President, Investor Relations Jeff Harmening - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Don Mulligan - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Chris Growe - Stifel Lubi Kutua - Jefferies Jason English - Goldman Sachs Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Pablo Zuanic - SIG John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Steven Strycula - UBS
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded Wednesday, June 27, 2018. Now, I would like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Stanley and good morning everybody. I am here with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO and Don Mulligan, our CFO. And I will hand the call over to them in a moment. But before I do, I will cover a few housekeeping items. Our press release on fourth quarter and full year earnings was issued over the wire services earlier this morning and you can find a release and a copy of the slides that supplement this morning’s remarks on our Investor Relations website. And I will remind you that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions. Second slide on today’s presentation was factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. Included in our press release this morning was a reminder that we will be reporting results of our newly acquired Blue Buffalo business on a 1-month lag to our corporate calendar. We took a similar approach in previous acquisitions, including Annie’s, Yoki and Yoplait International. As a result, our fiscal 2018 financials do not include net sales or operating profit from Blue Buffalo, though our 2018 earnings per share do include the impact of higher shares and interest due to the acquisition financing. Don will provide details on the impact of Blue Buffalo on our 2019 financials later in the presentation. Finally, I will note that starting with the first quarter of fiscal ‘19 we will be adopting a new presentation of pension, post-retirement and post-employment benefit expenses. This will separate the service costs from other benefit related expenses or income which will be below operating profit. When we report our first quarter earnings in September, we will provide you visibility to how the new income statement presentation will impact our 2019 adjusted operating profit growth rate and related guidance. So, it will not impact earnings per share, or EPS growth. And with that, I will turn you over to my colleagues beginning with Jeff.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks, Jeff and good morning, everyone. Fiscal 2018 represented an important step in returning General Mills to sustainable top line growth. We finished the year on a positive note in the fourth quarter delivering top and bottom line results that met or exceeded our most recent guidance, including a third consecutive quarter of organic net sales growth as well as strong growth in profit, margins and earnings per share. We made significant progress against our global growth priorities in fiscal 2018. We competed more effectively improving our organic net sales trends by 400 basis points over the course of the year. We enhanced our capabilities in e-commerce and strategic revenue management and we moved to reshape our portfolio for future growth with the acquisition of Blue Buffalo, a fast-growing, highly profitable business that is leading the transformation of the U.S. pet category. We are pleased with our broad-based top line performance and we know there is more work to do to address rising costs and deliver better results on the bottom line. As we turn to fiscal 2019, we will continue to follow our Consumer First strategy and invest behind our global growth priorities to accelerate our topline growth again. We are also keenly focused on maintaining our efficiency in this more inflationary cost environment, and we have initiatives underway to help protect our profitability and continue to drive cash flow. On Slide 5, you can see the key financial performance metrics for our fourth quarter. Net sales totaled $3.9 billion, up 2% from last year. Organic net sales increased 1%, driven by a positive net price realization and mix across all four segments. We saw particularly good net sales performance on our accelerate platforms, including Snack Bars, Häagen-Dazs, and Old El Paso. Importantly, we gained share again in U.S. cereal in the quarter despite a double-digit reduction in merchandising. And we grew our U.S. yogurt market share in the quarter for the first time in 3 years. Segment operating profit in the quarter totaled $727 million, up 7% in constant currency reflecting favorable net price realization and mix, benefits from cost saving initiatives and lower SG&A expenses. Adjusted operating profit margin increased 170 basis points versus last year. In addition, adjusted diluted EPS totaled $0.79, an increase of 7% in constant currency. This result included a 7 point headwind from higher net interest and shares related to Blue Buffalo financing. Turning to the full year results, fiscal 2018 net sales of $15.7 billion were up 1% as reported and were flat to last year on an organic basis. Organic sales growth in our convenience stores and foodservice and European and Australian segments was offset by declines in North America retail and Asia and Latin America. From a platform standpoint, net sales growth was led by our Natural & Organic, Snack Bars, and Häagen-Dazs businesses, while yogurt declines moderated significantly from year ago trends. Total segment operating profit of $2.8 billion declined 6% in constant currency. We delivered another strong year of HMM savings and we reached our restructuring savings goal. However, those results were not enough to offset unexpectedly high freight and raw material inflation, increases in other operating costs and higher merchandising. Full year adjusted operating profit was down 90 basis points. Adjusted diluted EPS were $3.11 essentially matching year ago levels in constant currency. This included a 2 point headwind from incremental interest in shares related to the Blue Buffalo financing. Finally and importantly, we delivered an excellent year of cash generation with free cash flow up 28% over year ago levels. Earlier this year, we outlined three global priorities to return our business to consistent topline growth; compete effectively everywhere we play across all brands and geographies, accelerate growth on four key platforms we have leading brands, capabilities, and attractive margins; and which play in faster growing categories, and reshape our portfolio for growth through acquisitions and divestitures. We made progress against each of these priorities in fiscal 2018. Most of the improvement in our organic sales growth last year was driven by competing more effectively around the world. At the beginning of the year, we said we would grow our global cereal business in fiscal 2018 and we accomplished that goal. We grew retail sales and market share in the U.S. behind strong marketing campaigns like Good Goes Round on Cheerios and Unicorn Marshmallow news on Lucky Charms. We secured increased in-store displays at higher price points resulting in improved merchandising performance, and we launched the biggest innovation in the U.S. category this year with chocolate peanut butter Cheerios. CPW net sales were flat in constant currency in fiscal 2018 with growth in Asia and the Middle East offset by declines in the Western Europe and we grew cereal in our Convenience Stores & Foodservice segment, including K-12 schools and colleges and universities leveraging our strong taste brands like Cinnamon Toast Crunch, our broad portfolio of gluten-free cereals, including Cheerios and Chex and our granola brands led by Cascadian Farms. In U.S. yogurt, our goal was to significantly improve our performance by innovating in faster growing segments of the category. Thanks in large part to our Oui by Yoplait and Yoplait Mix-in innovations, the two biggest launches in the category in fiscal ‘18, we dramatically reduced our net sales declines and drove share growth in the fourth quarter. We also competed more effectively in fiscal ‘18 across a number of regional businesses. We got in the zone on merchandising in the key seasons on our U.S. soup, refrigerated dough and dessert businesses, and we supplemented that with targeted investment, including a new advertising campaign on Pillsbury and a new line of Progresso organic soups. As a result, we saw significant improvement in retail sales performance and we grew market share in aggregate on these businesses for the year. Also on our Wanchai Ferry frozen dumplings business in China, we launched premium innovation and expanded distribution, helping drive double-digit top line growth in 2018. As consumers rapidly evolve the way, they buy their food our e-commerce capability is becoming increasingly critical to our ability to compete successfully and we are continuing to leverage our advantage in this space. Our global e-commerce business grew at almost 50% in fiscal 2018, including nearly 70% in North America. Our full basket market shares online continue to over-index relative to the fiscal stores in both the U.S. and Europe, and General Mills is seen as the key strategic partner for our e-commerce retail customers bringing differential insights and solutions to drive growth. On our four accelerate platforms, Häagen-Dazs, Snack Bars, Old El Paso and Natural & Organic, we expanded distribution, launched innovation, and increased brand awareness in fiscal 2018, laying the foundation to accelerate their growth in 2019. Häagen-Dazs retail sales were up double-digits in 2018 as we broadened distribution of mini-cups and stick bars across Europe and Asia, modernized the brand with the rollout of new packaging and a global advertising campaign and continue to launch remarkable innovations like Green Tea Mochi, peanut butter flavors and limited edition flower flavors. Retail sales for our snack bars were up low single-digits in fiscal 2018 with growth across all geographies, including North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America. New layered bars and soft baked filled squares generated growth for Nature Valley in the U.S. and our businesses in Europe and Mexico leveraged our U.S. product pipeline to accelerate Nature Valley sales. Fiber One has been a drag on results in the U.S. as we right-sized the business and focused our shelf presence on the best turning items. But we saw excellent growth for Fiber One in Europe and Australia, where the brand is relatively new by expanding distribution and driving brand awareness with increased media support and increased availability and awareness drove strong double-digit growth for Lärabar in the U.S. and our Pillsbury snack bar business in India. Old El Paso performance in 2018 was mixed, with overall retail sales up low single-digit digits. Retail sales in Europe and Australia were down modestly as more competitive category dynamics in France and Australia offset good performance in the UK and Nordics. We drove retail sales growth in North America behind our Anything Goes In campaign as well as execution of initiatives to secure front of store display allowing us to reach the Old El Paso consumers before they pass the produced aisle. For our North American Natural & Organic portfolio, retail sales were up mid single-digits in 2018, which represents a slowdown from the prior year as we exited some tail SKUs and channel-specific product lines. We continue to see stronger growth in our core products such as Annie's Mac and Cheese and bunny grahams, Cascadian Farm’s cereal and EPIC meat snacks. Beyond measured channels, our Natural & Organic brands are driving our growth in e-commerce as early adopters for food online tend to over-index toward Natural & Organic brands. Overall, these four platforms led our growth in fiscal ‘18 and I am confident we will see them accelerate in 2019 as we invest a lot of innovation, expand distribution and increase brand awareness. Our third global growth priority is reshaping our portfolio for growth and we took a major step in this direction in fiscal 2018 with the acquisition of Blue Buffalo, the leading brand in the fast-growing wholesome and natural pet food category in the U.S. The transaction closed on April 24 and we are moving full steam ahead with our transition plans working to bring General Mills expertise to bear where it’s needed and ensuring we stay out of their way when it is not. I am very pleased to report that Blue Buffalo’s solid business momentum has continued. Year-to-date through April, net sales continue to grow double-digits driven by expansion in the food drug and mass channels and aggressive growth in e-commerce, which are more than offsetting declines in the pet specialty channel that are in line with our expectations. This spring, we successfully started up our new treat facility in Joplin, Missouri and we expect to start production at the new Richmond, Indiana factory at the end of the summer, which will help us fuel further distribution expansion. I am confident in our ability to deliver on our plans for continued growth for Blue Buffalo in fiscal 2019. Billy Bishop will share more about those plans at our Investor Day event in two weeks. On that note, let me review our company’s three key priorities for fiscal 2019, which are summarized on Slide 11. First, we plan to grow our core by competing more effectively and accelerating our differential growth platforms. We expect to deliver further improvement in yogurt in 2019 as we continue to drive innovation in faster growing spaces in the category. We are launching some fantastic new products around the world this year, including a new platform in the U.S. that offers consumers a modern approach to weight management by delivering a simply better yogurt with high protein and less sugar. We will continue to compete more effectively in cereal in 2019 behind great consumer news and innovation like Cheerios Oat Crunch, that’s hitting the U.S. shelves this month. We have strong plans across many regional brands, including new product news on Totino's hot snacks, Progresso soup, Betty Crocker desserts and Wanchai Ferry dumplings. In total, we expect to grow our global net sales from innovation in fiscal 2019. We also expect to improve our growth in emerging markets, which underperformed in fiscal 2018. With lingering effects from Brazil’s enterprise reporting system implementation now behind us, we expect to see better results in Latin America in 2019 and we are investing in accelerate plans for Häagen-Dazs and Snack Bars in Asia. On Old El Paso, we will build on the strong 2018 fourth quarter in Europe and Australia driven by new gluten-free tortillas and will strengthen our Natural & Organic business with news on Annie’s Mac and Cheese as well as increased distribution on core EPIC meat bars and new EPIC performance bars. We will tell you more about all of these and other 2019 accelerate initiatives at Investor Day. Our second key priority is to successfully transition Blue Buffalo into the General Mills portfolio. Our focus in fiscal 2019 is on continuing the expansion into the food, drug and mass channel, while pressing our advantage in e-commerce and maintaining our strength in the important pet specialty channels. We will also ensure smooth startup of the Richmond facility and we will grow the BLUE brand’s relevance with pet parents behind superior communication and brand building support. We are confident that by leveraging the best of Blue Buffalo and General Mills will continue this business’ track record of double-digit top line growth and even faster bottom line growth in fiscal 2019. Our final priority for 2019 is to deliver our commitments on profit and cash by executing with excellence across the organization. To combat elevated input cost inflation, we will increase our cost of goods HMM savings this year driven by full year benefits from our new global sourcing initiative. We will also begin the process of streamlining our North American logistics network, taking miles out of our system and optimizing inventory levels. Beyond HMM we will look to drive price realization by leveraging our strategic revenue management capability. We came a long way in fiscal 2018 to build our SRM expertise. We hired an expert in the beverage industry to lead this effort, we brought in other external hires and combined them with internal talent who knows General Mills and our categories and we have developed systems, analytical tools and consistent methodology for identifying the best opportunities for price realization by brand and geography. In fiscal ‘19 we are taking actions against these opportunities leveraging a wide range of SRM levers including price pack architecture changes, trade optimization, mix management and list price increases. As we expect slightly higher benefits from assets, we expect slightly higher benefits from price mix in fiscal 2019 compared to last year. We will also look to build on our track record of cash generation by capitalizing on opportunities to further decrease our core working capital. With those priorities in mind and including the addition of Blue Buffalo, we expect to deliver on the fiscal 2019 targets laid out on Slide 12. Namely, we expected net sales to increase 9% to 10%. We are targeting 6% to 9% growth in adjusted operating profit and constant currency and we expect constant currency adjusted diluted earnings per share to range between flat and down 3% reflecting the investments we are making to build capabilities and accelerate growth as well as the impact of purchase accounting from the Blue Buffalo acquisition. With that, I will turn it over to Don Mulligan to review our fiscal 2018 results and 2019 outlook in more detail.
Don Mulligan: Thanks Jeff and good morning everyone. Jeff provided a summary of our fourth quarter financial results and I will share a few additional details starting with the components of net sales growth on Slide 14. Organic net sales increased 1% driven by positive net price realization and mix across all four segments, partially offset by lower contributions from organic volume growth. Foreign currency translation was a one point benefit to net sales. Turning to our segment results on Slide 15, North America retail organic net sales were down 1% in the fourth quarter and for the full year. This represents a 400 basis point improvement over our fiscal ‘17 growth rate driven by solid fundamental execution including better innovation, more compelling marketing and consumer news and stronger in-store merchandising. These efforts translated to market share growth for 7 of our top 9 categories in the U.S. in fiscal ‘18. At the operating unit level, U.S. snacks posted 2% net sales growth in the quarter and for the full year driven by Nature Valley innovation and product news on Lärabar and fruit snacks. U.S. cereal grew net sales 2% in the quarter behind effective consumer news on core brands, including Lucky Charms and seasonal varieties of Cheerios and Reese’s Puffs. Full year U.S. cereal net sales were flat while we estimate retail sales grew 1% including non-measured channels. On a constant currency basis, Canada net sales declined 5% in the quarter or down 1% for the full year. U.S. meals and baking net sales were down 2% in the quarter and were flat for the full year with increases in Annie’s Mac and Cheese, Totino’s hot snacks and Betty Crocker desserts offsetting declines on Helpers and specialty potatoes. U.S. yogurt net sales were down 5% in the quarter marking the fourth consecutive quarter of improvement as declines on Greek and [indiscernible] segments were partially offset by contributions from Oui by Yoplait and Yoplait mix and innovations. Constant currency segment operating profits increased 7% in the fourth quarter due to positive net price realization mix, increased HMM savings from global sourcing and lower SG&A expenses partially offset by input costs inflation. Full year segment operating profit declined 4% in constant currency driven by input cost inflation, higher operational costs and increased merchandising partially offset by lower SG&A. In Convenience Stores & Foodservice fourth quarter organic net sales were up 5% led by strong performance on our frozen meals, cereals and snacks platforms. Fruit snacks in our Pillsbury stuffed waffle performed well in C-stores while our cereal offerings continue to generate good growth in foodservice channels. Full year organic net sales were up 3% driven by growth on the focused six platforms and benefits from index pricing on bakery flour. Segment operating profit increased 11% in the fourth quarter driven by benefits from net price realization and cost savings initiatives partially offset by higher transportation costs and commodity inflation. Full year segment operating profit declined 2% reflecting higher input cost partially offset by positive net price realization and benefits from cost savings initiatives that accelerated in the back half of the year. Our Europe and Australia segment finished the fiscal year with positive momentum and delivered a solid year on the top line. Organic net sales increased 4% in the fourth quarter driven by strong growth on snack bars, Häagen-Dazs and Old El Paso. Full year organic net sales were up 2%. Constant currency segment operating profit increased 37% in the quarter due to favorable sales mix, net price realization and benefits from cost savings initiatives. Full year segment operating profit was down 22% in constant currency driven by significant raw material inflation and currency driven inflation on products imported into the UK. In our Asia and Latin America segment, organic net sales were flat in the fourth quarter and down 2% for the full year. Remember that last year’s fourth quarter included an extra month of results in Brazil as we aligned net business to our fiscal calendar. Excluding that difference, organic net sales would have been up double-digits in the quarter led by continued growth in Häagen-Dazs in Asia, Wanchai Ferry in China and our snacks businesses in India and Latin America. Segment operating profit declined $13 million in the quarter driven by higher input cost and SG&A expenses as well as the impact of the reporting difference. For the full year, segment operating profit was $40 million compared to $84 million a year ago. Turning to margins on Slide 19, we delivered 70 basis points of improvements in our adjusted gross margin and a 170 basis point increase in our adjusted operating profit margin in the fourth quarter driven by positive net price realization in mix, increased benefits from cost savings initiatives and lower SG&A expenses. Full year margins were down year-over-year due to higher input cost inflation, operational cost and merchandising partially offset by HMM savings, positive net price realization and lower SG&A expenses, including an 8% decline in media. Slide 20 summarizes our full year joint venture results. Jeff already shared fiscal ‘18 sales results for CPW. Häagen-Dazs Japan constant currency net sales were up 1% for the full year driven by volume growth on core mini cups. Combined after-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $85 million for the year, down 3% in constant currency, primarily driven by input cost inflation, especially on vanilla for HDJ and a restructuring charge on CPW. Slide 21 summarizes other noteworthy income statement items in the fourth quarter. Restructuring and impairment charges totaled $151 million, including $97 million of impairment charges related to the Yoki, Mountain High and Immaculate Baking brand intangible assets. Corporate and allocated expenses, excluding $30 million related to acquisition transaction cost as well as other items affecting comparability, decreased $23 million from a year ago driven by various non-recurring items. Net interest expense increased $68 million. Approximately half of that increase was due to incremental interest paid on newly issued debt and the remaining portion was related to the bridge term loan financing of the Blue Buffalo acquisition, which was excluded from adjusted earnings. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 26.7% compared to 26.8% a year ago and average diluted shares outstanding increased 1% in the quarter reflecting the additional equity raised in March as part of the Blue Buffalo financing. Slide 22 provides our balance sheet and cash flow highlights for fiscal ‘18. Our year end core working capital balance totaled $580 million, down 27% versus the prior year as benefits from our terms extension program more than offset higher receivables and inventory balances from consolidating Blue Buffalo’s assets acquired in the fourth quarter. Full year operating cash flow was $2.8 billion, up 18% from a year ago primarily driven by improvements in working capital. Fiscal ‘18 capital investments totaled $623 million or 4% of company net sales. Full year free cash flow grew 28% to $2.2 billion, which represents a 120% conversion rate on our adjusted after tax earnings and we paid $1.1 billion in dividends in fiscal ‘18. Slide 23 highlights some key financial assumptions for fiscal ‘19. We expect input cost inflation to be approximately 5%, 1 point higher than fiscal ‘18 levels. We are roughly 40% covered on our global commodity positions at this point in the year. We are targeting cost of goods sold, HMM savings of approximately $450 million, which is ahead of year ago levels driven by a full year benefit from our global sourcing initiatives. We planned significant growth investments in our accelerate platforms, especially Häagen-Dazs and snack bars as well as in global capabilities like e-commerce. These initiatives will enhance our growth in fiscal ‘19 and will drive further acceleration in 2020 and beyond. Below the profit line, we expect net interest expense to total approximately $550 million driven by higher debt levels resulting from the Blue Buffalo financing. We are planning for an adjusted effective tax rate of 23% to 24%, reflecting a full year impact of U.S. tax reform. We anticipate average diluted shares to increase roughly 4% driven by our equity issuance. And we expect the Blue Buffalo deal to be approximately $0.04 dilutive in fiscal ‘19 adjusted diluted EPS. This includes $0.09 of non-cash expenses from the inventory stepup and purchase price amortization charges. Based on these assumptions Slide 24 summarizes our fiscal 2019 outlook for our key financial metrics. As Jeff noted reported net sales were expected to increase 9% to 10% including the additional of Blue Buffalo. We project organic net sales to range between flat and up 1%. On operating profit we have made a change to our historical practice of guiding to total segment operating profit and instead we are providing guidance on adjusted operating profit which includes corporate items. For fiscal ‘19 we estimate cost and currency adjusted operating profit will increase 6% to 9% from the base of $2.7 billion reported in fiscal 2018 with 11 points of growth coming from Blue Buffalo inclusive of the purchase accounting effect. Constant currency adjusted diluted EPS is expected to range between flat and down 3% from the base of $3.11 earned in fiscal ‘18. We are targeting free cash flow conversion of at least 95% of adjusted after tax earnings. And as Jeff noted earlier these targets include another year of double digit top line and even stronger bottom line growth for Blue Buffalo in fiscal ‘19 excluding the impact of purchase accounting. Let me also comment briefly on our view of phasing for the year. Blue Buffalo purchase accounting will be a $0.07 drag in EPS in Q1 driven by the inventory step up. In addition, while we entered the year with the high levels of input cost inflation we expect price mix benefits from SRM will build over the course of the year. As a result, we expect constant currency adjusted diluted EPS will be down double digits in the first quarter and will strengthen through the rest of the year. With that let me turn it back over to Jeff for some closing remarks.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks, Don and let me close with some final thoughts. We took an important first step in fiscal 2018 returning our business to sustainable top line growth and we are leveraging our compete, accelerate and reshape growth priorities to further improve our growth profile going forward. In 2019, we are investing behind capabilities and accelerate platforms to get our core business back to growth and we will successfully transition Blue Buffalo into the portfolio and there is more work to do on reshaping the portfolio, including divestitures from some growth dilutive business. We are taking actions on our margins as well. In fiscal 2019, we will deliver higher HMM savings and we will see increased benefits from strategic revenue management and administrative cost savings actions announced last quarter. Still, those won’t be enough to fully offset higher inflation and the incremental growth investments we are making this year. So, we are also working on additional initiatives that will primarily drive efficiencies beyond 2019, including our logistics network reorganization, further enterprise process transformation efforts and initiatives to improve our international margins. And we continue to see opportunities to reduce working capital and drive free cash flow growth. In summary, we are committed to our consumer for strategy and our global growth priorities. We are also confident that we are on the right path to consistently generate profitable growth and top tier returns for our shareholders. With that, we will wrap up our prepared remarks and open the call for questions. Operator, can you please get us started?
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions] And we will get to our first question on the line from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning everyone.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane: Just had, I guess, a question about gross profits in fiscal ‘19. And I guess two questions. One, I think if I did the HMM math correct, it seems to imply that you will need about a point or little more than – or between 1 point and 2 points of price mix in order to sort of hold gross margins flat for the year, is that the right way to think about it?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, Bryan, it is. As we have said with higher inflation even at 5%, given our HMM pricing of 1% or 2% is enough to combine with HMM to offset that level of inflation. That’s the way to think about our FY19 gross margin.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then I guess so as we are modeling it out, is -- we are looking at the operating profit growth expectation for the year, is the assumption that you will be able to get -- hold gross margins flat for this year or might that not be the case?
Jeff Harmening: Well, we would expect it to be flat or better, especially with the inclusion of Blue Buffalo, with the increase we will get from Blue Buffalo in the year.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, alright. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. We’ll get to our next question on the line from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning. Jeff Harmening, I guess, I was curious for your take on this. One of the questions I get on this space in general is how do we get out of the pendulum cycle, where for a certain period of time, companies in the food space focus on margins and then for a certain period of time they focus on sales, and they may have to invest to get those sales, it feels like from a General Mills’ perspective, right now Mills is focusing more on the topline willing to sacrifice some margin in the short term, when do we, in your view, get to the period where we have sustainable topline growth and margin growth where you are not necessarily investing more every year to get to that topline growth. Is that a late 2019 thing, I am just trying to get a sense of your timing for that, because without that, it’s hard just for you to get that bottom line growth that the space used to have?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. I think, Ken, I think it’s a fair question. What I would say is that the key for us as I have talked about is to try to get to the middle of the boat. On the one hand, on the one side of the boat, all we are going to do is drive cost savings, and the other side of the boat is driving growth without regard to what your profit is. I think the key for us is to get to the middle of the boat. And what you’ve have seen from us over this last year and what you will see next year is a greater emphasis on top line growth than we have had, but it’s certainly not at the expense of efficiency. And so, we are driving better topline growth across all of our four segments, and we are planning to do that in fiscal ‘19. At the same time, we are continuing to drive efficiencies. I think that’s why I laid out that HMM is going be increasing next year. We took some administrative actions in the fourth quarter to reduce our admin load and we are looking at redoing our logistics network. And so for us the key is to get in the middle of the boat. As we look at 2019, one of the things that we realize that we will have to do is we will have to make some investments in growth capabilities in order to drive that continued growth. I am really pleased with the 400 basis point improvement that we made this year, if we can make another 100 basis point improvement next year that will give us a long way to get back to sustainable growth. And if you add on top of that, another maybe 75 points of organic growth from the growth of Blue Buffalo, you start to get to a place where you are between 1% and 2% growth. So, we feel like we have made significant improvements in ‘18. We will take another big step forward in ‘19. And my hope is that in the next year or after that, we can get back to a sustainable level, which is about 3% topline growth. So, we feel like we are making good progress on that front and the key for us is to invest in the right capabilities whether it’s e-commerce or growth things like capabilities and Häagen-Dazs for driving freezers or things like that and to make sure we are doing that while maintaining our efficiency.
Ken Goldman: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We will get to our next question on the line from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. I just had a question for you, if I could first of all on – one of the things that was a big factor here for the fourth quarter was freight inflation, so I want to understand perhaps to Don, how much of that 5% inflation would you say is driven by freight cost being up year-over-year?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, our logistics costs, we expect to be higher than that 5%. So, it is driving it up. We also expect to to see the heavier weight of that in the first part of the year because it accelerated and F18 unfolded, so both expected to be one of the key drivers of our inflation and to be just a little bit more frontloaded.
Chris Growe: Okay. And just a quick question if I could ask in relation to Blue Buffalo, you have a lag in the way you are reporting that business, is there an extra month that comes through in the year in terms of the way you report that extra month that take us to kind of the month of May, if you will?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, not in fiscal ‘19. At some point, we would expect it to align with our reporting calendar, but that’s not baked into our fiscal ‘19 plan or guidance.
Chris Growe: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We will get to our next question on the line from Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Lubi Kutua: Good morning. This is actually Lubi on for Akshay. Apologies if I missed this earlier, but how should we think about organic sales growth in the North American retail business for fiscal ‘19, are there any sort of puts and takes that we should be thinking about here in the new year?
Jeff Harmening: We didn’t give any guidance for segment growth and we will talk more about what we expect out of our segments at our investor meeting in a couple of weeks. What I will say is that if you look at our business next year, not only for North America retail, but in general, I would expect it to get incrementally better again on yogurt in the U.S. I mean, we were down over 20% in the first quarter and reduced that to minus 5% in the fourth quarter and we like our innovation coming out and Oui is doing well. And so I would certainly hope that and plan in the coming year that our yogurt business will continue to get better. We actually gained share in the fourth quarter. And I think more broadly as we look at this as an organization, we had a rough first half in Brazil and not great in Asia, but we really accelerated growth in the back half of the year in those geographies behind our growth platforms, namely snack bars like in India and in the Middle East and Häagen-Dazs and Wanchai Ferry in China and so I would expect incremental growth for us to come in our emerging markets, particularly with Brazil as we are lapping the systems implementation and in China where we saw lot of growth coming in the second half of the year.
Lubi Kutua: Yes, thanks. But so just to follow-up on that in North America, obviously the organic sales growth trends over the last several quarters have improved quite a bit, would you do expect in fiscal ‘19 to see positive organic sales growth in North America?
Jeff Harmening: Well, look we will talk about that in detail in a couple weeks. I don’t mean to dodge the question, but I guess I will dodge the question only to say that we will talk more about that. What I will say is that one of the things I am really pleased about in our North America business is how broad our growth was. I mean, we gained share in 7 out of 9 categories this year, including on many of our – most important categories, those categories represent 80% of our business. And I think when some folks talk about the year we had, they talk about kind of lapping a tough year, a year ago, which is certainly true and we gained share in soup and we did better on refrigerated baked goods, but the really the gains were broad-based, if you look across our bars business, you look across yogurt we improved, you look across cereal we improved. And so that momentum I think will carry into next year in particular, I think we get underestimated is that we came in the year with a distribution drag. We are down about 4, 5 points of distribution and we are exiting the fourth quarter with distribution relatively flat. We have been gaining distribution, in fact, we have been gaining distribution in categories like cereal and so that will be a tailwind for us that Jon Nudi will speak more about in a couple of weeks.
Lubi Kutua: That’s helpful. Thanks. I will get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you very much. We will get to our next question on the line from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. Thank you for letting me ask a question. I am actually going to try to jam two questions in here. First, we obviously we came into the year with a lot of talk about this transitory paying on trade spend accrual with this anticipation of a sizable reversal late this year. You didn’t make any comments about it. So can you comment now and maybe give us some quantification of how much of that reversal benefit was evident in fourth quarter results?
Don Mulligan: Yes, Jason, this is Don. We came through as we had indicated again with a year-over-year comparison, so it wasn’t so much what we had to do in ‘18 is what the quirk of our ‘17 recognition. So we through as we expected, that’s what allowed us to bring our operating profit or segment operating profit in on guidance. So it came in at the magnitude we had guided before.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, so we said about – it was about 100 basis points in the first half of the year, a negative about 100 basis points positive in the second half and you see that flow through as we saw little bit better price mix appreciation in the third quarter. That was a piece of it.
Jason English: That’s helpful. Thank you. And the question on the guidance, you are guiding to sort of ex-Buff, EBIT down 4% to 5% I think for the year, but you are guiding organic sales flat to up, you are guiding to in response to Spillane’s question for flattish gross margins, what’s driving the underlying standalone EBIT decline?
Don Mulligan: Yes. So, our guidance for EBIT in total is 6% to 9% growth, 11 points of that coming from Blue Buffalo, so you can do the math on what the base business is going to do down low single-digits, so maybe 5%. So, what’s driving that, we already see it in total, getting the benefit of accretion from Blue Buffalo. We are getting benefit from HMM, from increased HMM and from our pricing as well. But the headwinds are higher level of inflation. We are seeing – be embedded in that of course is the purchase price accounting for Blue Buffalo. That’s part of the 11% from Blue Buffalo. But most importantly below the gross margin, we are seeing increase in growth driving capability investments and accelerate investments. Jeff talked about many of these as we think about driving and putting additional investment behind Häagen-Dazs, Snack Bars, Old El Paso, e-commerce continuing to build our data analytical capabilities to drive SRM. All those are embedded in below the gross margin line. We also frankly have about $40 million incentive true-up year-over-year and then I mentioned a couple of discrete favorable non-recurring items in our Q4 corporate items that will lap as well.
Jason English: Okay, thank you. I will pass it on.
Operator: Thank you very much. We will get to our next question on the line from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you Jeff and Don. There was a comment during the script saying that your merchandising levels were actually down in fourth quarter and I guess that means like in terms of retail activity, can you help explain why that was year-over-year and then what kind of merchandising activity do you expect in fiscal ‘19 do you expect to have equal amounts, more amounts trying to understand that? And then just one little thing I think you said your inflation number embeds the purchase accounting increase, this didn’t sound like real, like commodity inflation. Did I hear that right? Thanks.
Don Mulligan: No, you did not hear that right, 5% doesn’t include any impact from the purchase accounting.
Jeff Harmening: Don was saying it will be 11 points of impact of EBIT growth includes the purchase accounting for Blue Buffalo.
Robert Moskow: Okay, thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Rob, you had a question about merchandising in Q4, I think the reference I had in the script was to our cereal merchandising, which was down double-digits. And I mentioned that only because there has been a lot of commentary about have we just bought share in cereal merchandising up, I think it’s really important that people listening this call understand that we actually drove share growth in cereal in the fourth quarter with merchandising being down double-digits, which really speaks to our baseline or our non-promoted business, which was up over 2% during the quarter. And the reason why that’s important, I mean, we had really good new products, our marketing is terrific, I highlighted Lucky Charms and Cheerios. I could also highlight Cinnamon Toast Crunch or Reese’s Puffs. And so as we look at this year, we are really pleased with our cereal business and the fact that we could grow share in the fourth quarter with merchandising being down double-digits, I think speaks to what we have been talking about, which is the strength of our marketing ideas and our marketing execution in cereal. As we look at next year, Jon Nudi, you will talk more about that in a couple of weeks, so I will leave that to him. But I think we will see some tailwinds from new products on our U.S. business as we will for our business in general. And also distribution, I think that’s probably something that people underestimated that we came in this year with some distribution gaps, because we discontinued a lot of SKUs. And as we look at fiscal ‘19 we look to either hold steady or grow our distribution just on the basis of our broad top line momentum. And so Jon will talk more about that in a couple of weeks.
Robert Moskow: Yes, just to follow-up, when you grow your distribution, does that come with higher slotting fees also?
Jeff Harmening: In the U.S., slotting fees are not a huge expense in general. They come with some slotting fees, but that’s not a huge cost driver for us.
Robert Moskow: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. We will get to our next question on the line from Pablo Zuanic with SIG. Please go ahead with your question.
Pablo Zuanic: Thank you. Just two questions. So Jeff on the pricing front obviously significant improvement globally and also in the U.S. can you just put some context for that, you know we hear all this commentary about tough retail environment, retailer pressures being difficult for CPG companies to get pricing through and obviously pricing was a big labor for your company’s quarter in terms of improving gross margins. So just help us understand that what has changed or maybe nothing has changed and the pricing power was there all along, it was just a matter of timing? And then the second very brief question just on Blue Buffalo, can’t you – I am trying to do a math in terms of the underlying sales growth you are projecting and obviously you are adding – it’s adding 9% of sales in fiscal year ‘19 but we don’t know exactly what the base is? So just some comments in terms of underlying growth there and bearing the projection, and if you can any comments in terms of is the Indiana plant on Cheerios, I know you said late summer how aggressive can the entry be into FDM in fiscal year ’19, i.e., Walmart. Any color you would give there in terms of sales trends and outlook for Blue Buffalo would feel? Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: Alright, Pablo. Let me try take those one at a time and if I miss one, it’s not on purpose, but as we look at Q4 and pricing, I think the first thing to recognize when it comes to strategic revenue management, you see this in our first quarter, if you talk about pricing, there really are a lot of levers, including mix. And in our fourth quarter, we drove a lot of positive mix and I give you a couple of examples in Europe, these accelerators that we have talked about like Häagen-Dazs and Old El Paso and bars, not only are they in fast growing categories, but they are also mix accretive. And so to the extent we accelerate growth on those, you see come through in the pricing, you come and see it come through on our margins you see it come through in profitability. And so in our fourth quarter in Asia and in Europe, you saw quite a bit of mix. And so you will see that in the – in the U.S. you will see a pullback in merchandising a little bit in the fourth quarter and that drove about a point of pricing for us in the fourth quarter. And so as we talk and think about pricing, it really is pricing and mix. So, there are lot of different levers associated with that. In terms of the commentary on what’s changed, if you look more broadly, I mean we saw in 2018 about 2% pricing across our categories in North America as opposed to 1% pricing the year before. So in our category themselves, we have seen again product mix as a part of that, but we have seen some pricing appreciation. I think it’s because the external environment has changed and we are all seeing higher inflation whether it’s on logistics or whether it’s on labor cost and manufacturing or whether it’s on input cost. And no one wants to lead with pricing we are all trying to become more efficient just like we are with our logistics network and HMM. That’s certainly the first line of defense, but when you get to – when you get to levels of inflation for us that reached 4% and in this current fiscal year and we are projecting at 5%, you need a little bit of pricing in addition to all those other cost levers to offset it and I think we are seeing that broadly. The other theme and I am not sure that you asked us, but I want – I think it’s important is that there has been a lot of commentary about retailer competition. There certainly is a lot of retailer competition and particularly about e-commerce and I don’t want this point to go by, but we grew our e-commerce business by 50% globally this past year and 70% in North America and we over-index in the categories we compete, including about a 120 index on our full basket sales relative to what we have in brick-and-mortar. And so there has been a lot of talk in the industry about kind of e-commerce being the death of brands and especially food brands and all we keep doing is growing our e-commerce business and growing our share within it. And so we are particularly pleased about that and that’s why we are going to continue invest in that capability as we look into F19. Then you asked a question about Blue Buffalo and I am not going to give specifics about our distribution plans, Billy Bishop will talk about Blue Buffalo later. What I will say is that when it comes to supply chain that we got a treat facility up online, a little bit ahead of schedule and the Richmond facility is due to come online later this summer. That Blue Buffalo had been really impressed with their supply chain team. They have got really high-quality supply chain team. We are going to add to that capability, because we have more high-quality supply chain folks. And I think for us the key is that with Blue Buffalo, I am not sure we are going to speed up their acceleration into the channel. I think what we are going to help them do is execute with excellence, not because they don’t have good people, because we just have – they have a lot of good people and we have a lot of good people together. We have enough people to get the job done. And so we are confident in our FDM expansion plans, at the same time, we think we are growing our share in e-commerce and that business is growing really quickly. And we haven’t forgotten about the pet specialty channel and even though that channel is declining, it’s still a very important channel for us and we will have to distinguish ourselves across the different channels on Blue Buffalo.
Don Mulligan: And Pablo, this is Don. Just in terms of the baseline, obviously you have the BLUE’s reported results through calendar ‘17 think about the increase you would expect in Q1 for them and that probably is a pretty good base. We will be issuing an 8-K with the pro forma results for the combined company in just a handful of days and that will give you better line of sight.
Pablo Zuanic: That’s helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you very much. We will get to our next question on the line from the line from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Jeff, can you speak a bit more to the reinvestment plans for fiscal ‘19 and how does that F19 plan differ from what was undertaken in F18, what did you learn from this past year’s reinvestments in terms of what worked to maybe what was less successful versus expectations?
Jeff Harmening: Well, what I would say is that we have increased confidence going into F19, but some of the things we put in place if we double down those investments that they will work and I will use e-commerce in an example of that, we are going to increase our investment in e-commerce this coming year, because we saw the investments payoff and that is indicated in our growth rates, but beyond that, I would say that we saw acceleration in the back half of this year, especially the fourth quarter we put some money against acceleration on Häagen-Dazs and on bars and we really saw some really strong results in both Asia and in Europe. And I give you a couple of examples. We turned on advertising for the first time on Fiber One bars in Australia and saw really good results. And so we decided to turn that advertising on in the UK and my guess is we will see good results there as well. And on Häagen-Dazs, we have doubled down on some of our new product efforts when I am particularly pleased with how we progressed in Asia behind our growth at Häagen-Dazs and in the fourth quarter accelerated growth in Europe on Häagen-Dazs behind increased marketing spending as well as increased new product introductions. And so we will spend more on R&D for example on those businesses we look in the coming year. And then finally I will highlight India. We don’t talk a lot about India, but we had tremendous growth in bars in India and the Middle East. And we look to continue that this next year. And so what we have done at the end of fiscal ‘18 which as you start to see in our fourth quarter, we will continue on to next year. And what I will also tell you is that there will probably be some things that don’t work as well as we want and we are keeping a close eye on all of our investments and we will double down on the things that really work well and if things don’t work as well as we want, but we will shift those resources and put against things that are higher return. But what I will say as we have increased confidence based on what we saw in the fourth quarter that we are accelerating on the right platforms and the things that we are doing are making the difference.
John Baumgartner: Great. And then Don, how should we think about advertising spend in F19, is that up and by how much, not sure if I missed that?
Don Mulligan: Yes, for our media spend, for next year, we really talk about it total brand reinvestment and we do expect it to be up in ‘19. Media will for our base business will likely be flattish, but we will have additional investment in customer activation and e-commerce things that don’t necessarily the media line. Obviously, our total brand investment will be up significantly when you roll Blue Buffalo in. So, we have a lot – we have a number of tools that we used to grow our sales. They don’t all weigh in, in the media line as we talked about in the last few calls, but in total, we expect our media to be roughly flat in our base business.
John Baumgartner: Okay, thanks for your time.
Operator: Thank you very much. We will get to our next question on the line from Steven Strycula with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steven Strycula: Hi, good morning. Two part question. First part for Don, want to dig into the inflation a little bit in HMM productivity, what were the total HMM savings for calendar or fiscal ‘18?
Jeff Harmening: They are about $400 million, Steve, this is Jeff.
Steven Strycula: Okay, got it. And then in terms of for your input cost inflation for 5%, is that just for raw materials and packaging or does that include the logistics inflation that was up significantly this year, I just wondered if those are two separate pieces?
Don Mulligan: No, that’s all in, 5% is everything against our COGS.
Steven Strycula: Okay, got it. Alright, that’s helpful. And then for Jeff just to understand the core U.S. business and you have realized you are not going to guide to organic sales for next year until maybe the Analyst Day, but can you give us a little bit of texture as to the different big businesses whether cereal yogurt, should we think about these businesses for the full year next year, how should this trend relative to how we exited the fourth quarter just because the first half of 2018 was a little bit soft. So I just want to understand how does the go forward trend stack up versus how we kind of exited 4Q? Thanks.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. I would say one of the – I mean, I am at the risk of repeating myself, I appreciate the question. I think the thing I am most pleased about is the broad-based improvement and what I would hope for next year is that we continue to have broad-based improvement. As I mentioned, I mean yogurt is the one that improved the most throughout the year and we will look for that to continue. The business we probably had outsized growth this year was on soup, because we had a really tough year, the prior year. We made some investments in our soup business. Our competitors didn’t have the best year. So in 2018 we probably had some outsized growth on our soup business and maybe we will repeat that and maybe we won’t, but that one I wouldn’t look for outsized growth on that one only, because we had a particular poor year the year before when we came back with a particularly good year. On the rest of it, I think the key is that we really like our marketing efforts and our new product efforts. And to the extent that your marketing is good and your innovation is good, those things are repeatable. And I think what you will see for us next year is that broad-based we think our new product innovation is good. Our retailers think it’s good which is also important and it’s really good in our big categories, so cereal and snacks and yogurt and reveal those plans in more doubt, but we have good new product innovation at the end of last year, we have good new product innovation this year and that will help us drive distribution growth, which will be a tailwind for us as opposed to a year ago. And I will save the rest for Jon Nudi in a couple of weeks and he can give you some more detail.
Steven Strycula: Alright, thanks.
Jeff Siemon: Yes, Tommy, I think we will try to get one quick one in here, I know everybody is going to transition to another call in a couple of minutes, so maybe time for one more.
Operator: Certainly. We proceed with our final question from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [indiscernible] for David this morning. Just a quick one how did the truck strike in Brazil affect your fourth quarter if at all and how might it flow into next year?
Jeff Harmening: Well, as we think about the fourth quarter, I think first of all, Brazil is less than 3% of our entire business. And it had a little impact in the last few days of the last quarter and it will have a little impact on the first few days in the next quarter, but overall as an organization it’s not going to be a huge factor for us certainly, the SAP implementation from last year was a much bigger factor than what we are seeing in the trucking so far this year in Brazil.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay thank you.
Jeff Siemon: Quick one. Thanks Tommy. Thanks everybody for your attention feel free to reach out over the course of the day if you have more questions, I will be on the phone all day. Thanks again and we will talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you very much and thank you everyone ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the conference call for today. We thank you for participation and ask you disconnect your lines. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-03-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Siemon - VP, IR Jeffrey Harmening - Chairman & CEO Donal Mulligan - EVP & CFO
Analysts: David Driscoll - Citigroup Andrew Lazar - Barclays Kenneth Goldman - JPMorgan Alexia Howard - Bernstein Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, welcome to the General Mills Third Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, March 21, 2018. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Nelson, and good morning to everybody. I'm here with Jeff Harmening, our Chariman and CEO; and Don Mulligan, our CFO. I'll hand the call over to them in a moment, but before I do, let me cover a few items. Our press release on third quarter results was issued this morning over the wire services and you can find the release and the copy of the slides that supplement our remarks this morning on our Investor Relations website. I will remind you that our remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions and that the second slide in today's presentation list factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Jeff.
Jeffrey Harmening: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning to everyone. Let's jump right in and cover the key messages for today. Our primary goal during fiscal 2018 has been to strengthen our top line performance while maintaining our efficiency; we're delivering on the first part of that goal with stronger innovation, more impactful consumer news and better in-store execution leading to a second consecutive quarter of organic net sales growth. We're also generating significant growth and free cash flow through strong capital discipline. As a result, we're reaffirming our full year organic net sales and free cash flow targets. While I feel good about our results on net sales and cash, I'm disappointed in our profit performance this quarter. Our third quarter operating profit fell well short of our expectations and our full year outlook has been impacted by an increase in supply chain costs in a dynamic cost environment. We're moving urgently to address these rising cost pressures, we've taken actions to improve profitability in the near-term and we've launched initiatives that will reduce our long-term cost structure. While these actions will only partially offset the cost headwinds in fiscal 2018, we still expect to deliver profit growth in the fourth quarter; and we're confident these actions will strengthen our bottom line results beginning in fiscal 2019. Beyond our current results and outlook, we remain confident in our ability to drive long-term value with our consumer for strategy which will be further strengthened with the addition of Blue Buffalo to our family of brands. Before turning it over to Don to cover our financial results, let me share some details on the cost increases driving our revised profit outlook, and the steps we're taking to mitigate these increased costs going forward. Between incremental costs we identified as we closed the books in the third quarter and a more unfavorable cost outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year, we now expect our full year fiscal '18 total segment operating profit will be 5% to 6% below year ago levels in constant currency. The key driver of this change is a significant increase in supply chain costs which falls into two main areas; first, their input costs are rising faster than we had anticipated, in fact, we now estimate our full year fiscal '18 input cost inflation will be 4%, 1 point higher than our previous estimate. We called out an increased freight costs that are upto CAGNY but the cost pressure we're seeing is even higher than we thought at that time. We're now having to go out to the spot market for close to 20% of our shipments versus the historic average of about 5%, and those spot market prices can be 30% to 60% higher than our contracted rates. In fact North American freight spot prices were near 20-year highs in February. Higher freight costs are impacting our raw material prices as well as the cost to ship materials from our suppliers to our factories has risen significantly. And we've seen higher prices in some key commodities including grains, fruits and nuts, further heightening the inflationary dynamic. The second main area of supply chain cost pressure is increased operational costs driven by higher volumes running through our network. We've seen increased volume on some capacity constrained platforms and stronger results for our new products. And while I'm pleased with our increased volume performance, those factors are mainly utilizing more external manufacturing where conversion cost can be significantly higher than our internal platforms. Additionally, we've seen increased expenses from intra-network shipments between our distribution centers as we move more products to the right locations to satisfy the strong demand. We're moving urgently to address this increasingly dynamic cost inflation environment and ensure that negative profit impact is limited to fiscal 2018. Some of the actions we're taking will have an impact already this fiscal year. We're addressing higher freight costs in the near-term by qualifying more carriers and utilizing different modes of transportation. We're placing increasingly tight control over all expenses in the balance of this year. We're also taking smart actions to drive positive net price realization in a higher cost environment by pulling various levers within our strategic revenue management tool box. The specific SRM actions will vary across categories and vary across geographies but will impact all four operating segments with benefits starting to hit this fiscal year, and more fully impacting fiscal 2019. We're also moving forward on initiatives to address our structural cost for fiscal 2019 and beyond. We're optimizing our distribution network between the factory and the customer to better align with the manufacturing footprint reorganization we completed over the past 3 years. We've improved additional cost savings initiatives design to further optimize our global administrative structure, and will continue to drive other savings efforts that will improve our efficiency including our ongoing holistic margin management program, our global sourcing initiative, and other enterprise process transformation projects. In addition to these profit actions, we will maintain our focus on driving -- on improving our net sales through our compete, accelerate and reshape priorities because we know our job is to deliver both the top and the bottom line. Before I turn it over to Don, let me assure you that we understand the ramifications of changing current year outlook in such a short period of time, and we are taking steps to ensure this doesn't happen again. Our forecasting process has historically relied on a periodic in-depth analysis, a key juncture during the fiscal year; and at more stable times that cadence served us well in forecasting our cost and margins. In an increasingly dynamic environment we need to go deeper more frequently, while that would not have reduced the cost, it would have accelerated our mitigation efforts by a quarter or so. So while we're moving with urgency to address these higher costs, we're moving with equal urgency to adjust our forecasting process at all levels of the organization. Now let me turn it over to Don to provide more details in the quarter and our updated outlook.
Donal Mulligan: Thanks, Jeff and good morning, everyone. Slide 8 summarizes third quarter fiscal '18 financial results. Net sales totaled $3.9 billion in the quarter, up 2% as reported, organic net sales increased 1%. Total segment operating profit totaled $628 million, down 6% in constant currency. Net earnings increased a 163% to $941 million and diluted earnings per share increased 166% to $1.62 as reported. These results include a onetime and ongoing benefits related to U.S. Tax Reform. Adjusted diluted EPS, which excludes the onetime impacts related to tax reform and other items affecting comparability was $0.79, up 8% on a constant currency basis reflecting a lower ongoing tax rate in fewer average diluted shares outstanding. Slide 9 shows the components of total company net sales growth. Organic net sales increased 1% in the third quarter driven by organic sales mix and net price realization. Foreign currency translation yielded a 2 point to net sales. Divestitures reduced net sales growth by 1 point reflecting co-packing sales made in last year's third quarter related to our Green Giant divestiture. Turning to Slide 10; third quarter adjusted gross margin decreased 250 basis points and adjusted operating profit margin was down 120 basis points. As Jeff mentioned, we experienced a significant increase in supply chain costs including higher freight, commodities and operational costs, and we now expect our fiscal input cost inflation will be 4%, 1 point higher than our previous guidance. We also had higher merchandising activity in the quarter including greater than expected seasonal performance on soup and refrigerated dough and stronger merger results in cereal snack bars which more than offset the benefit of trade expense phasing from the prior year. These margin headwinds were partly offset by lower SG&A expenses, including a 22% reduction in advertising and media expense in the quarter. Year-to-date, media expense is down 5% as we have shifted some dollars to vehicles closer to the point of sale including customer events, in-store theater, loyalty programs, sponsorships and sampling. Our million acts of good activation with Ellen is a great example of this type of standing. These initiatives get our brands in front of the consumer usually in the store that are captured in the media line in the P&L. We expect our total consumer facing spending this year including media, as well as non-media vehicles like the ones I just mentioned to be roughly in line with prior year levels. Slide 11 summarizes our joint venture results in the quarter. CPW net sales increased 2% in constant currency with growth across all 4 CPW regions, and strong performance on our granola and muesli product lines. Häagen-Dazs Japan, constant currency net sales were down 3% due to unfavorable net price realization and mix. On a year-to-date basis, constant currency net sales were up 1% for CPW and up 2% for Häagen-Dazs Japan. Combined after-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $17 million, up 30% in constant currency, primarily driven by volume growth at CPW. Slide 12 summarizes other noteworthy income statement items in the quarter. We incurred $11 million in restructuring and project-related charges in the quarter including $3 million recorded in cost of sales. Corporate and allocated expenses excluding certain items affecting comparability decreased $4 million from a year ago. Net interest expense was up $13 million, primarily driven by the early repayment of certain medium term notes which resulted from the Blue Buffalo acquisition. This onetime item is excluded from adjusted earnings. The effective tax rate for the quarter was impacted by a onetime provisional net benefit of $504 million related to tax reform. Excluding items affecting comparability, the tax rate was 15.2% compared to 24.7% a year ago during by the lower corporate income tax rate resulting from tax reform, partially offset by non-recurring favorable discrete items in the prior year period. And average diluted shares outstanding declined 1% in the quarter. We continue to expect average diluted shares will be down approximately 2% for the full year. Turning to our nine month financial performance; net sales of $11.85 billion were down 1% on an organic basis. Segment operating profit declined 10% in constant currency, and adjusted diluted EPS were down 2% in constant currency, including the impact of the lower corporate tax rate and lower average diluted shares outstanding. Turning to the balance sheet; Slide 14 shows that our core working capital decreased 57% versus the prior year driven by continued benefits from our terms extension program. For the full year, we continue to expect our core working capital balance will finish well below fiscal '17 levels driven by significant improvement in accounts payable. Nine month operating cash flow was $2.1 billion, up 29% over the prior year driven by our working capital improvements. Year-to-date capital investments totaled $398 million and due to the first nine months of the fiscal year we returned nearly $1.4 billion to shareholders through dividends and net share repurchases. Slide 16 summarizes our fourth quarter outlook excluding the impact of the proposed Blue Buffalo acquisition. We expect to deliver another quarter of organic net sales growth driven by positive price mix across all four segments. Remember that our results in Asia and Latin America segment will be negatively impacted by the comparison to last year's fourth quarter that included an extra month of results in Brazil, as we'll aligned net markets reporting calendar to our corporate calendar. We continue to expect accelerated cost savings in the fourth quarter driven by benefits from our new global sourcing initiative. That increased cost savings plus positive price mix and the initial benefit of the actions Jeff highlighted will help drive constant currency growth in total segment operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. I'll close my portion of our remarks by summarizing our updated fiscal '18 guidance. As I just noted, this outlook does not include any impact from the Blue Buffalo acquisition. We continue to expect organic net sales growth to be flat to last year. As Jeff mentioned upfront, we now expect total segment operating profit growth will be down 5% to 6% on a constant currency basis. Our full year adjusted effective tax rate is now expected to be approximately 26% or 1% below our most recent guidance. We continue to estimate the tax reform will have a 2 point favorable impact to our fiscal '18 adjusted effective tax rate. Our updated full year adjusted diluted EPS outlook is in the range of between flat and up 1% in constant currency. We expect currency translation will add 1 point of growth to net sales totaled segment operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS in fiscal '18. Finally, we continue to expect full year free cash flow growth of at least 15% this year. With that, I'll hand it back to Jeff to cover our segment results.
Jeffrey Harmening: Thanks, Don. Now let's look at each of our segment results and talk a little bit about our upcoming news and initiatives. In North America retail, organic net sales were up 1% in the third quarter. U.S. Snacks posted 3% net sales growth driven by Nature Valley, Lärabar and fruit snacks. The U.S. meals and baking operating unit generated 2% net sales growth behind the strong baking and soup season. Canada net sales were up 1% in constant currency led by our natural and organic platform. U.S. net cereal sales were down 1% reflecting reduction in customer inventory levels while cereal retail sales and Nielsen measured outlets were up 2% behind innovation and effective messaging across our core brands. U.S. yogurt net sales were down 8% which represents the third consecutive quarter of improvement as our portfolio benefits from successful innovation and faster growing year-over-year segments. Constant currency segment operating profit was flat compared to the year ago period driven by higher sales, offset by higher input costs. As I outlined at CAGNY, our top priority for returning to consistent top line growth is to compete effectively on every brand across every geography. Growing with our categories is the first measure of success and I'm pleased to say that we have accomplished that in the U.S. in the third quarter with retail sales up 1%, marking the fourth consecutive quarter of sales improvement; and we grew market share in 7 of our top 9 U.S. categories. Our improvement is driven by solid fundamentals. Our baseline sales trends are 500 basis points better than last year and are driving 75% of our retail sales improvement. This is a result of good consumer news and strong messaging through traditional media like T.V. and digital advertising and Nature Valley, Pillsbury and Totino's, as well as the activations that go beyond traditional media like our Ellen partnership on Cheerios. We're also delivering better innovation this year with our average new product turning nearly 50% better on-shelf compared to last year. This includes chocolate peanut butter Cheerios which is the biggest launch in the cereal category this year, and WeBuy [ph] Yoplait which is the largest launch in the yogurt category this year. The third leg of our improvement is our in-store execution. We were back in the zone on seasonal merchandising this year which grows significant improvement in soup and refrigerated dough. And we're winning a higher share of display, the best type of merchandising vehicle on some of our most productive categories including cereal and snack bars. These efforts are translating into broad-based improvement in our U.S. retail sales trends with absolute retail sales growth in 7 of our top 9 categories in the third quarter. In addition to our strong fundamentals, we're maintaining a disciplined approach to our pricing. As you can see in the chart, our baseline and merchandise price points have been higher than last year throughout fiscal '18 including the third quarter. Our average unit price was slightly down in the quarter as our proportion of merchandising was higher this year. This was really driven by prior year comparison when our merchandising levels were abnormally low. When you look over a two-year period, our average prices across our portfolio were up 4% and are outpacing our aggregate categories. With that at the backdrop, let me share some third quarter highlights from North America Retail and talk a little bit about what's to come for the remainder of the year. Our U.S. cereal retail sales were up more than 2% in the third quarter driven by the same things I mentioned the for the segment, better news and messaging innovation and execution in-store. There is no shortage of examples of good news and messaging on our cereal business this year. One of the most fun is our Marshmallow news on Lucky Charms which has helped drive double-digit retail sales growth so far this year. And we just announced our most recent initiative, Magical Unicorn Marshmallows which are in store now. On Cheerios, our partnership with Ellen and activation across TV, digital and social media on PAC and in-store and helped to improve our baseline sales growth nearly 400 basis points since the campaign first launched. On Reese's Puffs we're launching a fourth quarter seasonal Bunnies version to help continue to double-digit retail sales growth that brand has enjoyed so far this year. And on the innovation front we've had a stellar year; we've launched chocolate peanut butter cheerios last October and it was the best-selling new product in the category last quarter. And we'll continue to look to bring fun limited edition seasonal flavors to Cheerios to the shelf with the launch of a new peach flavor that's rolling out now. On U.S. yogurt, we've improved our retail sales trends by 16 points this year by innovating into faster growing spaces. Our retail sales were down just 3% in February and we actually grew a market share in the grocery channel last month. We're pleased with our U.S. yogurt improvement but we're not yet fully satisfied. We continue to improve by building on recent successes and by launching new category expanding innovation. For instance, we recently launched two new flavors of -- launched new flavors of WE by Yoplait and Yoplait mixins; the top two yogurt launches this fiscal year. And we have another important launch planned for this summer that addresses some of the biggest health and wellness fares in the yogurt category, you'll hear more about this news in the coming months. Shifting to snack bars; Nature Valley has posted double digit retail sales growth this year and is generating more retail sales dollar growth than any other brand in the category. These results have been driven by innovation, nut butter biscuits and granola cups are the Top 2 new products in the category for the last two years. And we're seeing solid results from this year's launches, including new layered bars and filled soft bars. U.S. retail sales for Lärabar are up 30% this year behind our real food advertising campaign, and they're up almost 70% in Canada. We're also driving improvement on Fiber One by communicating what consumers value most about the brand, permissable indulgence. Retail sales trends for Fiber One last month were 900 basis points better than our fiscal '17 growth rate, thanks in part to our Brownie & Cookie Bites innovation. Our soup and baking businesses rebounded from a challenging fiscal 2017 to good retail sales and market share during the key season this year. We have great news planned in the fourth quarter on other meals and baking businesses. We just launched Totino's many snack bites adding more fun variety to this business that grew retail sales 9% in the third quarter; and we'll look to drive more visibility of for Old El Paso by securing 4,000 taco truck displays which will be parked in the front of the store where Mexican food merchandising performs best. Finally, our North American national organic portfolio continues to lead our growth with third quarter net sales up high single digits including good performance on Annie's, Lärabar and EPIC. In our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment, third quarter net sales were up 3% driven by a low single digit growth for the focused six platforms and benefits from index pricing on bakery flour. The frozen meals platform continues to perform well, including the new Pillsbury stuffed waffle which is the top turning breakfast item in C-stores where we have distribution. And our cereal platform delivered mid-single digit growth this quarter driven by continued distribution gains. Segment operating profit was down 10% in the quarter driven by higher transportation and logistics costs, as well as commodity inflation. Turning to Europe and Australia, third quarter organic net sales were down 1% with strong growth in snack bars offset by declines in other platforms. Constant currency segment operating profit was down 46% versus last year driven by significant raw material inflation and a comparison against 39% constant currency growth in last year's third quarter. Through the third quarter, our Europe and Australia segment is growing with it's categories. Our Snack Bars and Häagen-Dazs platforms are performing exceptionally well with double digit retail sales growth driving strong market share gains. And on yogurt, although our retail sales in total are down, we're driving growth in many of our core brands including Panier, Perle de Lait, Liberte and YOP. The fourth quarter is a key innovation window across all of our primary platforms in Europe and Australia. In yogurt, we will be the first major brand launching into the kids organic segment with our leading Petits Filous brand. On Old El Paso, we're responding to the increasing number of gluten avoiding consumers by introducing new gluten-free tortillas and Mexican kits. We're launching new flavors to bring excitement to the freezed around Häagen-Dazs ice cream, and we'll continue to invest in T.V., media and Nature Valley snack bars to drive increased household penetration. In Australia in January we began advertising Fiber One for the first time which has helped drive 20% retail sales growth for the brand. In our Asia and Latin America segment, third quarter organic net sales were in line with last year with good growth in our Asian markets offset by continued top line challenges in Brazil. While our improvement in Brazil has taken longer than we expected, we're making progress and delivered net sales growth in the quarter on some key businesses including Yoki popcorn and Kitano seasonings. The third quarter is typically this segments lowest operating profit quarter of the year which means even smaller or absolute dollar changes drive big percentage changes and results. Last year we earned a $10 million profit in the quarter and this year's result with a loss of $2 million. The $12 million change was primarily driven by lower volume and higher manufacturing and logistics cost in Brazil. We expect this segment will return to profit growth in the fourth quarter behind strengthening top line performance. Our snack bars and ice cream platforms led Asia and Latin America net sales performance in the quarter. Net sales for our snack bar business in India more than doubled in the third quarter driven by continued distribution expansion of our Pillsbury Cookie Cake and the launch of a new Pillsbury Pastry Cake. We're also launching a similar pastry cake to our Middle East markets under the Betty Crocker brand. Häagen-Dazs retail sales increased high single digits to last 3 months in Asia driven by our mochi innovation and activation during the holiday season. Looking ahead, our refreshed Häagen-Dazs packaging is rolling out across Asia and we're supporting this with a campaign to celebrate the extraordinary creations of artisans around the world. We're also launching spring limited edition of flower flavors, cherry blossom, and lavender blueberry; and will support them with an omni-channel activation including in our shops. At CAGNY, I outlined our compete, accelerate, and reshape framework for restoring consistent top line growth; and I just shared how we're competing more effectively in fiscal '18 across many of our brands and geographies. We've also taken a significant step this year to reshape our portfolio with the acquisition of Blue Buffalo pet products. Before I close, let me refresh you on the details of the transaction and share why we're so excited about adding Blue to our family of brands. Last month, we announced our intent to acquire Blue Buffalo for $40 per share representing an enterprise value of roughly $8 billion. Blue Buffalo is a highly attractive asset playing in the fast growing wholesome natural pet food category with $1.3 billion in revenues, 25% EBITDA margins, and a consistent history of double digit growth on the top and bottom lines. After the deal closes which we expect will occur before the end of May, Billy Bishop, the current CEO of Blue Buffalo will lead a new pet operating segment for General Mills. Blue Buffalo is a truly unique asset in an attractive category that is still in the early stages of transformation. At $30 billion in sales in the U.S. pet food market is one of the largest in the center store. It has generated consistent growth and strong profitability over many years with low private label exposure. These days more and more pet owners, especially millennials see their pets as another member of the family; this humanization of pets combined with a growing consumer interest in more natural products has driven a dramatic increase in what we call the wholesome natural pet foods category. And this transformation is still in the early innings with wholesome natural products still making up only 10% of total category volume, up from 5% five years ago. What's most exciting to us is that Blue Buffalo is leading the category transformation. The Blue brand has the strongest brand equity in the category with a clear number one position in the wholesome natural pet food, as well as the number one overall pet brand in the e-commerce and pet mass channels. And Blue is still on the early stages of expanding into the broader Food, Drug and Mass or FDM channels which represent fully half of pet food retail sales in the U.S. Since the announcement that has some analysts and investors asked me isn't this a new category and how will General Mills create value in this transaction? I think they've been pleasantly surprised when I explained that in many ways pet food is not a new category as some people think, their value creation playbook will look similar to the one we've used very successfully for the Annie's acquisition over the last three years. Our industry leading retail sales force, retail partnerships and sales capabilities will help increase the likelihood of success of Blue's FDM expansion. We will also leverage our technical capabilities and extrusion and thermal processing to drive innovation across dry and wet pet food. We'll utilize our sourcing expertise and distribution network to enhance Blue's supply chain efficiency. We look for ways to help the Blue Buffalo team nurture and grow this modern authentic 21st century brand and will stay out of their way where they don't need us. Finally, we'll be selective in where we can drive admin synergies with a focus on back office and public company costs. We took a very similar approach to Annie's and it resulted in net sales doubling and a little over three years since the acquisition. And I can tell you, for even have a successful at Blue Buffalo, our shareholder will be very happy with this acquisition. Over the past month key leaders from my team and I have spent time in Connecticut with the herd, as they call themselves, and Billy and his leadership team have visited our marketing, sales and R&D teams in Minneapolis. The more we get to know each other, the more we see how compatible our cultures are and how synergistic our capabilities are in a variety of functional areas, and we cannot wait to get moving on continuing to grow this terrific brand as part of General Mills portfolio. Let me wrap up by summarizing today's comments. We're competing more effectively in this translating into good momentum on the top line of fiscal 2018. At the same time, we've been challenged by sharp increases in supply chain costs that have negatively impacted our bottom line outlook. We're moving with urgency to address these rising costs with some actions taking effect now and more significant impact expected in fiscal '19. And finally, we're excited as ever about Blue Buffalo are we're confident that this transaction will deliver long-term value for our shareholders. Now let's open the call for questions. Operator, will you please get us started.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Please proceed.
David Driscoll: Given the given retail environment, I get just a lot of questions about pricing and the ability for manufacturers to realize pricing at retail. So you have profit challenges that you're talking about because of inflation; Jeff, I think a lot of people are really going to wonder is this because of the inflation side or is it because you just can't get pricing at retail? And then I think what you were saying on the call is, maybe there was a bit of an internal failure to recognize the higher inflation as quickly as you would probably expect your organization to do so but I would really emphasize the fact that investors just worry so much that the retail environment is so difficult that companies like NUF [ph], can't get pricing. So I'd really appreciate your thoughts on that question and just a little bit more explanation on what happened here? And then how it really goes forward if you do in fact have the ability to recognize some price increases?
Jeffrey Harmening: Let me start out by the addressing the pricing environment and kind of what we're doing to offset our cost just in general, then I'll turn it over to Don if he has any more specifics. In terms of the pricing environment, first of all, I would say is that we will address our increased cost by a combination of factors which starts with addressing our cost structure itself and there are some near-term things we can do with supply chain, there are some longer things we can do in terms of our logistics network. And we have our ongoing HMM program in addition to what we're doing with ramping up global sourcing; so that's -- kind of the first-line of defense against rising costs is to make sure we're managing our cost effectively, and rest assured that we're doing that and moving with an increased sense of urgency since discovering that we'll have higher input cost than we had thought. On the net pricing realization; I can imagine people listening could be nervous because we took pricing a couple of years ago and that didn't exactly go out as planned. You know, what I would tell you on that is a couple of things; first is that the environment now is very different than two years ago, and the environment two years ago when we took pricing there was really a deflationary pressure on input costs and now we see an inflationary pressure and as I said we're looking at our input cost going up by 4% and then a lot of the spot market for commodities are that high or even higher. So we see a very different environment from that sense. What I will also tell you is that what we see on the logistics side is very real, and our customers face it all the time and we get a lot of questions from our customers because -- about what we're doing to offset logistics costs because they see the same kind of pressures in their business, so the environment is different. The second thing is that I would say is, a couple of years ago we took more pricing than clearly we should have and we took about 5% pricing in fiscal '17 and you don't need that -- we don't need that kind of pricing to offset that kind of environment we have right now, just a little bit of pricing and our categories are already seeing 1% to 2% pricing consistently quarter-to-quarter; just a little bit of pricing combined with these cost measures will really help alleviate the pressure on our input cost. And then finally, I would say that our capability is a lot greater than strategic revenue management now than it was two years ago, we've hired some people from the outside combining some internal experts; and -- so we can realize prices in a variety of ways and that includes trade optimization and price pack architecture and vision to some more of the traditional pricing; so we feel as if our capability is a lot greater than it was a year ago. In terms of costs and seeing the cost, Don, do you have anything that you want to add to that?
Donal Mulligan: I guess I'll just finish the point that Jeff started about on pricing. If you look at our results year-to-date, we are seeing better competitives in the store but it's also being supported by pricing. Our Q3 organic positive price mix is higher than in the first half and for three of our segments it was up low single digits, and in our where it was flat as Jeff showed it was both our base and our merchandise prices were up; so the flat was more of a product of the mix of those. So we do believe it's environment's issue with the inflation where you can get price in Jet Blue [ph] to many of the instruments that we will use. The other aspect to your question David was with visibility to our cost and again Jeff touched it upfront but I think it's worth going into again. Historically and this year, we've done deep estimates at our costs at regular intervals during the course of the year and that cadence has typically served us well in managing our costs and our margins. Frankly, if you look back over the years there has -- we seldom had a profit miss in year such as this one where our sales are tracking at/or better than planned. But clearly in hindsight, this year was a very dynamic cost environment, the combination of our higher volumes, some constrained platforms increasing inflationary environment, we should've gone deeper more frequently; it might not have reduced the cost but it would have gotten us out ahead of it faster. As I look at it, we need to be just as agile in how we manage our cost structure as we've been this year in meeting consumer demands. And that's what we're focused on doing, the actions that we're taking now are to make sure that we get -- we address the cost structure in the marketplace but we're moving just as urgently to look at our estimating and forecasting process to make sure this doesn't happen again.
David Driscoll: Don, one follow up; the first half of the year had a very sizable trade accrual phasing expense comparison issues; they were negative and it was supposed to get significantly better here in the back half. Given all that's happened on the cost side, I can't really tell what's occurred on trade phasing. Did the trade accruals perform as you expected? Can you give some color on that.
Donal Mulligan: Yes, they did David. We had a headwind in the first half, we'll have a tailwind in the second half; it will actually -- that -- part of the reason that we're confident -- more confident in profit growth in the fourth quarter. In the third quarter, because we had very strong merchandising take at our seasonal businesses and in some of our other lines here in the U.S. because we had very strong offerings in the store; again, not lower price but better offtake from a consumer standpoint. And as I referenced, we are also moving more of our consumer funds to in-store activity which -- much of that is recorded as deduction to sales as opposed to in the advertising or the admin or SG&A line and the combination of those things offset the benefit from the tax accrual reversal -- the trade accrual reversal in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Robert Roscoe [ph] with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Don, I have to ask again about the presentation at Cagney and what kind of data you had at hand at that time because you did lower guidance for higher freight costs at that time, so you must have had some kind of a rollup of how much spot activity was going on during the quarter. So what was wrong with the data? I guess, that's the first question. And then second, I guess broader on pricing; you do have on Slide 22 a chart that shows that your baseline pricing is still positive but it keeps decelerating, and it's now at 0.8%. You know, it needs to go the other way to offset all this inflation that you're talking about and I think you've kind of stopped short today of saying that you're looking at taking list price increases again; it seems like you're talking about revenue management and some other things but can we see some list price increases coming maybe in the back half? Thanks.
Donal Mulligan: I'll hit Cagney one first. Obviously, when we gave our guidance in -- at Cagney, that was based on the best information we had at that time. I mention the fact that we do periodic costs deep dive, we did one in February, at the end of February, and we did it as we closed the books on the quarter in early March, and that is when these cost really came to the fore more clearly, and that's what's prompting the guidance change today. So as I referenced in the answer to David; we've done these at regular intervals, clearly in today's environment we have to do them more regularly and be more agile in terms of identifying the cost trends and make sure they are surface and acted upon, and we will do that. In terms of pricing, we are going to use a number of leverage in some markets and some businesses; it's going to be list price increases. We talked at Cagney about our Convenience & Foodservice business, we're seeing the same in our European business, particularly in response to Brexit that can just have a ripple effect in the U.K. and certainly in some of our emerging market businesses. So that is part of the toolkit but again, the toolkit for our SRM is broader than that and we're going to use all the levers as we attack what is clearly a higher inflationary environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed.
Andrew Lazar: I know it's obviously too early to talk about specific sort of guidance and such for fiscal '19 but I guess I was hoping, maybe Don you could go through just a couple of puts and takes that we should be cognizant off, even directionally as we think towards -- I guess, more specifically how operating profit sort of shapes up for next year? Obviously, you've already talked about at Cagney, looking to reinvest; I think it was the majority of the benefit from tax reform, so that obviously has an impact around EBIT growth next year. But I was hoping you could -- because there is just so many factors that are playing into this today; anything you can get into around the puts and takes would be helpful.
Donal Mulligan: Andrew, obviously I couldn't say FY19 guidance today, what I will say is that the actions that Jeff walked us through as part of the prepared remarks will have some benefit in FY18 and have more full benefit in FY19 and beyond frankly. And that will come into play as we think about '19. He did mention that the tax reform, that will give us some potential flexibility to reinvest back in the business and we still have -- we have the three planks that we are working to ensure that we drive a more competitive top line that compete, accelerate and reshape. I think you see in this year how we're competing better, we've begun to put some money behind our accelerator platforms, we see a little bit of benefit there this year and we'll see more of that benefit as we move into '19.
Andrew Lazar: And then on the reshape part; obviously you talked about looking to divest a certain portion of the portfolio as well. Is that something that we think plays out over the course of the next -- call it year or so? I'm trying to get a better sense of a timeframe on that and obviously on some of these businesses I would anticipate you probably have a fairly low tax basis as well which I guess could potentially have an impact on EPS as well. I'm trying to get a sense of how to better think about that.
Donal Mulligan: Our focus right now obviously is closing and transitioning blew into the family but we will quickly pivot following that to look at divestitures. Obviously, the timing of any divestiture would have to have a willing buyer to go with a willing seller, and we have to make sure the economics work to your point about tax rate. So we will work at that diligently and I believe just as we've been successful on the acquisition side with identifying and bringing Blue in, we will do the same on the divestiture side.
Jeffrey Harmening: And when it comes to divestitures, I would also add to that is that -- I mean, we don't have to do all of the divestitures at the same time, I mean we can do those at different times. And the second is that we're only going to do that -- we're only going to do them when they make sense for shareholders and so when they are accretive to shareholder value. So we'll act with a sense of urgency but we will also act with a sense of our shareholders in mind to make sure that as we go to divest some businesses and that we're doing so at the night of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael [ph] with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Just looking at the fourth quarter, you've had an operating income decline year-to-date around 9% or 10%, even with a little bit of currency; can you just help us understand how do you really get to -- looks like you need maybe another 10% in the fourth quarter; you've touched on some accelerating savings but can you just really give us a roadmap for how U.S. execute that sharp in improvement?
Donal Mulligan: Sure, there is a few components to it Michel; it starts with another quarter of solid organic sales growth. As we look forward we expect mix to strengthen in each of the segments; cereal and snacks will be the driver in our and it also actually benefit from a little less from our meals and baking, our seasonal businesses. The focused six businesses in C&F will accelerate in the fourth quarter. Old El Paso, Häagen-Dazs buying the initiatives that Jeff talked about at EU, AU and Häagen-Dazs and snacks in Asia-LATAM. So we have good programs behind each of those areas that will continue to drive our top line growth. We'll add some net price realization, pricing in Brazil -- I mentioned C&F in the U.K. and then the various SRM initiatives we're executing in the U.S. and elsewhere. And again, we'll have to trade accrual reversal that will benefit the top line and our profit in Q4. So that's really the main driver and when you translate that into profit you're going to have the benefit of that mix, the benefit of the trade realization; as well actually we also get the benefit of some volume leverage in Brazil as we improve our volume performance in that important market behind a couple of strong promotions, one around the World Cup. We'll get increased benefit from our global sourcing initiative that will increase our HMM in the quarter. And then, again, the other items that Jeff talked about particularly around our freight spending will begin to have some impacts, some favorable impact in the fourth quarter and the combination of those things in relatively equal measure, a little bit more from price mix but relatively equal measure across will benefit Q4 and help drive a profit growth figure for the quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: And is it fair to assume that would -- had initially at the beginning of the year been a headwind from higher incentive comp, maybe isn't anymore and could you quantify what that maybe doing to health?
Donal Mulligan: Yes, that will be less of a headwind for the year. That is true and that will benefit the fourth quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just lastly, on the portfolio when you think about some divestitures you've got at the moment this logistics and freight pressure, you also have dry, refrigerated and frozen supply chains; does reducing that complexity come into your thinking at all and how you evaluate what you may think about divesting?
Donal Mulligan: It doesn't come into play into what we think about divesting but when -- as we're thinking about our supply network, we need to think about what we're divesting as we think about retooling that. And so it's a really good question, and it doesn't think -- it doesn't impact what we would intend to divest but it would have an impact on how we think our logistics network ought to be set up going forward; and so we think about those two things going together.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kenneth Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Kenneth Goldman: I just wanted to follow-up a little bit on Dave Driscoll's question earlier because I think the answer focused on now versus two years ago but if you go back a little longer in time, go back to fiscal 2008, Mills had 7% inflation, yet it still beat it's earnings target; fiscal 2009, 9% inflation, gross margin barely changed. I know you guys were in different seats at that time but something has changed; and I -- again, to Dave Driscoll's question, is it just this much harder to take less pricing no matter what or is it more a case of -- maybe items like freight, items on that sort of perimeter like -- that are not exactly foodstuff oriented are harder to pass? I'm just trying to get a sense of really -- I know you've addressed it to some extent but Dave is right, this is really the question we're getting a lot, really, what the problem is this time because the inflation is not nearly as bad as what you experienced 10 years ago and yet the results are much worse.
Donal Mulligan: A couple of things; you referenced 2008 and [indiscernible] was sitting in the cereal chair in 2008 which is when we did right size, right price; which is kind of a fancy term for price pack architecture. So when you think about strategic revenue management that was kind of the mother of all strategic revenue management initiatives, and so when I talked about price pack architecture and trade optimization and those kind of things; 2008 was a year that we certainly did that in the cereal business and saw great results from that; so a lot of positive lessons to be learned from that. I would tell you what's different about now is that the inflation as you mentioned; 4% is certainly a point higher and significant inflation above 3% but it's not something that can't be managed, we just had to make sure we see it coming, and now that we know that it's coming now we feel like we can manage it effectively because as the input costs rather 4% or 5% is not unprecedented, it's just higher than we had expected and we hadn't taken the actions to offset it. Now that we see it, we have a pretty good degree of confident that with combining our -- but we can save on logistics costs in a way that we can reframe our logistics network combined with a little bit of net price realization, we can actually combat this because as you've said, we've done it before, we just didn't had the line of sight to it until room until recently that we needed to have to combat it.
Kenneth Goldman: And a quick follow up for me; you're using more co-packers I think than you expected but you're also hopeful that your volumes continue to rise. If this is the case, if your volumes do improve then you'll need to rely even more on co-packers which I'm sure you don't want. So as we think about 2019 and beyond, again, you're not giving guidance but is it reasonable for us to expect you want to invest in CapEx a bit otherwise I guess co-packing issue will just accelerate further?
Donal Mulligan: We've always used co-packs specifically for a lot of our new product volume because there's a lot of times ready capacity and capability, and obviously there's a bit risk mitigation from our standpoint as well. And then what we've seen is that as the new products become stable in the marketplace, then we bring them internally and we see savings, and that's the way we put capital against and we'll take the same approach here. It doesn't necessarily mean that CapEx will be higher than normal, we just maybe skewing more towards bringing this new product volume in-house.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed.
Alexia Howard: So I guess, to begin with it actually looks that though the profit pressure is greater in the international market at the moment and yet a lot of the conversation has been about perhaps not realizing the kind of profit, one's that you might have expected in North America resale. I'm just wondering if you can just go region-by-region and talk about what's happening to the profit declined in the international market? And then secondly, on the Blue Buffalo acquisition; do you have a new updated guide on where the leverage might go to in light of the EBIT shortfall that's here? Thank you.
Donal Mulligan: It tends to hit both regions. In the EU/AU the year-to-date margins are being impacted primarily by raw material inflation, especially dairy and vanilla which have spiked significantly this year. And we have some currency driven inflation on products imported in the UK, so some transaction effects. And both of those are particularly pointed in our UK; in our EU/AU business this year. As we look at Q4, we expect to see some improvement, we're going to get some price mix improvement, I mentioned that Old El Paso and Häagen-Dazs will lead the growth and those are both higher margin lines. We do see moderating input cost in EU/AU, a little bit different than here in the U.S. as they lap some of the initial spikes in the dairy and vanilla costs from a year ago. We're going to see increased cost savings, I mean one of the manufacturing consolidation projects that we've had underway was in EU/AU and we're still in the first year seeing those saving, so those will increase. It will be partially offset with some higher media and advertising expense to support that top line but we expect to see improvement in the fourth quarter. And as I mentioned that actually, frankly, a lot of the same factors in terms of transaction FX -- maybe more unique factor [ph] because Brazil is lower volumes as well. And so as we look at Q4, we're going to see improvement because we're going to get better price mix, we'll need better volume performance in Brazil as we come out of any ERP installation and the COGS headwinds will lessen a bit. So that's in the quarter but I think your question's a broader one as well; and I think it is a good one. As we look at those two segments; we're very pleased over the long run with our top line, we've been very competitive and actually market leading in both of those areas over the longer term at our topline growth, and we have been investing in those businesses to maintain that growth or drive that growth. And I think we have the opportunities we go forward to better balance the top line growth in the margin performance, and so as we build our FY19 plan and beyond, that's soon to be something that we have in mind in both of those regions.
Alexia Howard: And then on the leverage?
Donal Mulligan: On the leverage, it may go up a tick because of the lower profit. I think we've got at 4.2%, 4.3% it moves, it'll be by 0.1%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Akshay Jagdale: I wanted to sort of unpack the profit equation a little bit and I need your help in understanding what you think is transitory versus structural, right? So you've got an issue with the commodity cost spiking and I think what I see is different from years past is; these costs that have gone up aren't hedgeable; so the visibility on them is inherently lower, so the reaction time I guess has to be faster. So in the months to come and the quarters to come, you'll have to show that your brand is strong enough to pass that on, so that will have to play itself out but what I'm more concerned about and the questions we get is, you're having this really nice performance and improvement on the sales side, how much visibility do you have on the incremental profitability from these new products and the sales growth that you're seeing? Is this -- are these inherently lower profitable products or how are you thinking about that because you've had some issues with the visibility, I wonder if this sales growth is coming at any cost -- is it a competitive issue? I'm just trying to better understand that because it has major implications going forward. Thank you.
Donal Mulligan: We obviously look at all of our new products in terms of their incrementality both from the top and the bottom line. We as a great example where we're generating more out of per cup basis on our base product even though the margin percentage themselves are not materially different but you have a higher price point. So what we're seeing this year is our new product volume is performing very well, as Jeff showed almost 50% better than a year ago. And because we do those externally and because we're seeing also the need to from a co-packer standpoint and within our logistics network, more miles as we reposition product to meet consumer demands, we're having additional cost accrued to those businesses. It's not naturally because of the new product economics, i.e. as we bring those in-house, as we structurally change our logistics network, the margins on those products are going to be very competitive with our current business but it's a matter of getting the structure right and as Jeff alluded to, that's one of the projects that we have underway to enhance our entire cost structure and that will accrue to the benefit of many of these new products that are driving the higher volume.
Jeffrey Harmening: I will put a final point on that, I think it's a good question actually but you know, I want to reiterate; one of our top line performers, particularly North America retail and C&F in Europe Australia and even Asia, I couldn't be more pleased with the way that we have been able to pivot and grow our top line and the economics behind that and there have been a lot of questions about that and the environment and did we buy a volume; I just want to unquivaocably say, I love the way they were executing, our sales and our marketing teams are executing well together, our marketing campaigns are better, our new products are together; so I'm displeased with our profit performance in the third quarter and the fact that we didn't see some of this coming as much as we should have but I am really pleased with what the organization has done about returning to growth. You asked about the cost, I would say that I think from a logistics standpoint, I mean I think it is more structural. We have a tight [ph] labor supply, we have new regulations that started in December which will fully become operational in April, and we are hitting a moving target but I think our logistics costs are structural, I don't think that they are going to go down. And what we're seeing on the commodity side is certainly going up and that abs and flows overtime; I'm not sure that is structural as much as in this point in time but I think the logistics costs are which is one of the reasons why we need to have some net price realization, why we feel like we can because everyone is feeling it in the industry, our competitors are feeling it, we're feeling it, our customers are feeling it; and so as we look for net price realization, I think that part is structural.
Akshay Jagdale: And any implications from everything you are facing in your base business on how you think about integrating Blue Buffalo?
Jeffrey Harmening: No, I'm glad you asked about that. First of all, I think about -- Blue Buffalo, I think of a transition rather than integration. I mean it's going to be -- Blue Buffalo is going to be a separate operating segment, and so they'll be some integration and the synergies we have accounted for actually quite low relative to other deals that we have done and so it will operate relatively independently and we'll help them on the sales side where we can, we will help them on the supply chain cost but I can tell you even over the last month since we've announced the deal and gotten their leadership team, they've got a very strong leadership team. And I think their strong leadership team not only has a vision but the rest of the team combined with our capabilities; I will tell you that even in the month since we announced the acquisition we feel more confident than we have even before about our ability to execute against Blue Buffalo well.
Jeffrey Harmening: Unfortunately, I think we're past time, I know there's still a lot of questions out there; so please don't hesitate to give me a call later today. Thanks for everyone for joining us this morning and have a good rest of your day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2018 Q2  (2017-12-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Siemon - Vice President Investor Relations Jeffrey Harmening - Chief Executive Officer Donal Mulligan - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jonathon Nudi - Senior Vice President; Group President, North America Retail
Analysts: Christopher Growe - Stifel Nicolaus & Co., Inc. John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities Kenneth Goldman - JPMorgan Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley David Driscoll - Citigroup Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies Steven Strycula - UBS
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Second Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we’ll conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded on Wednesday, December 20, 2017. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Sarah, and good morning to everybody. I’m here with Jeff Harmening, General Mills CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO; and Jon Nudi, President of our North America Retail segment, and I’ll hand the call over to them in a moment, but before I do, I’ll cover our usual housekeeping items. Our press release on our – results in the second quarter was issued over the wire services earlier this morning and you can find the release and the copy of the slides that supplement our remarks this morning on our Investor Relations website. I will remind you that our remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and the second slide in today’s presentation list factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I’ll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Jeff.
Jeffrey Harmening: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our second quarter fiscal 2018 results. Our biggest challenge entering 2018 was to change the momentum on our top line. And I’m pleased to say that we have delivered broad-based improvement in the second quarter across geographies, product platforms and channels. We’re executing better. We have stronger innovation, more effective brand building and better merchandising that’s driving market share gains in the majority of our key global platforms. We’re growing aggressively in key emerging channels like e-commerce. And I’m also pleased to say that, we grew organic sales in absolute terms across all four of our operating segments this quarter. And while we like our momentum, I must say, it feels great to grow again in absolute terms. While we like the momentum we’re building on our top line, we also know we have work to do to deliver the year. Our second quarter total segment operating profit was improved over the first quarter, but still down over a year-over-year. We have concrete plans in place to deliver strong profit growth in the second-half of the year, while continuing to drive our top line. So with two quarters behind us and good visibility to our back-half plans, we are raising our organic sales outlook for the year and maintaining our guidance for profit and EPS growth. With that as a summary, let me turn it over to Don Mulligan to provide more details about our second quarter performance.
Donal Mulligan: Thanks, Jeff. Let’s jump right into our financial results on Slide 6. Net sales totaled $4.2 billion in the quarter, up 2% as reported. Organic net sales increased 1%. Total segment operating profit totaled $773 million, down 8% in constant currency. Net earnings decreased a 11% to $430 million and diluted earnings per share declined 8% to $0.77 as reported. These results include a $42 million charge related to a prior year tax adjustment. Adjusted diluted EPS, which excludes that tax charge and other items affecting comparability was $0.82, down 5% on a constant currency basis. Slide 7 shows the components of total company net sales growth. Organic net sales increased 1% in the second quarter, driven by sales mix and net price realization. Foreign currency translation yielded a one point benefit to total net sales. Second quarter adjusted gross margin decreased 240 basis points and adjusted operating profit margin was down 220 basis points as expected, driven by higher input cost, including currency driven inflation on imported products, unfavorable trade expense facing, stronger seasonal merchandising performance and a 7% increase in media expense. These were partially offset by savings from cost management activities. As we look ahead, there are a few key drivers that will strengthen our adjusted operating profit margins from the low 17% range in the first-half to more than 18% in the second-half. First, we expect to drive positive net price realization and mix across all four segments, driven by trade phasing, pricing in certain geographies and improved sales mix. Second, our cost savings will accelerate as our global sourcing initiative ramps up. And third, we expect input cost inflation to moderate a bit after peaking in the second quarter. For the full-year, we have increased our sales guidance maintained our profit guidance, we now expect our adjusted operating profit margin to be below last year. Due to a higher input cost outlook, more negative transaction FX impact, some incremental investment we’ve chosen to make in our differential growth platforms to accelerate their growth in fiscal 2019, and favorable translation FX helping sales more than operating profit. Slide 10 summarize our joint venture results in the quarter. CPW net sales declined 2% in constant currency, due to volume declines in the UK, partially offset by strong performance in Asia and Middle East and Africa region. Häagen-Dazs Japan constant currency sales were 3% below a year ago period, when net sales grew 21% in constant currency. On a year-to-date basis, constant currency net sales were up modestly for CPW and up 4% for Häagen-Dazs Japan. Combined after-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $24 million in the quarter compared to $30 million a year ago, driven by lower volume and higher input cost for CPW and a comparison against 27% constant currency after-tax earnings growth last year. Slide 11 summarizes other noteworthy income statement items in the quarter. We incurred $6 million in restructuring and project-related charges in the quarter, including $5 million recording in cost of sales. Corporate unallocated expenses, including certain items affecting comparability increased by $17 million. Net interest expense was down 1% versus prior year, and we continue to expect full-year interest expense will be flat to last year. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 35.9% as reported, compared to 32.8% a year ago, driven by the prior year adjustment I mentioned earlier. Excluding items affecting comparability, the tax rate was 29.3% roughly in line with our full-year expectations and 310 basis points below last year’s quarterly rate due to favorable impacts from discrete foreign items. We continue to expect our full-year adjusted effective tax rate will be in line with last year. At this point, we have not incorporated any estimate of the impact of U.S. tax reform legislation into our guidance. And average diluted shares outstanding declined 3% in the quarter. We now expect shares to be down approximately 2% for the full-year. Turning to our first-half financial performance. Net sales of $8 million were down 1% as reported and on an organic basis. Segment operating profit declined 12% in constant currency and adjusted diluted EPS was down 6% as reported and 7% in constant currency. Turning to the balance sheet. Slide 13 shows that our core working capital decreased 42% versus last year’s second quarter, with benefit from our terms extension program more than offsetting higher accounts receivable. First-half operating cash flow totaled $1.6 billion, up 45% over the prior year, driven by continued improvements in accounts payable, as well as changes in trade and incentive accruals. Year-to-date capital investments totaled $260 million. And through the first-half of the fiscal year, we returned over $1.1 billion to shareholders through dividends and net share repurchases. As we turn our attention to the second-half of fiscal 2018, we expect to continue to drive strong seasonal merchandising performance, as the soup and baking key seasons extend through the third quarter. We have an excellent back-half innovation lineup and we expect our new products sales will continue to outpace last year. We anticipate favorable price mix across each operating segment. We expect input cost inflation to moderate in the second-half and cost savings to accelerate, with the largest benefit coming in the fourth quarter. As a result, we’re targeting strong growth in segment operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS in the second-half. Importantly, given the seasonal merchandise in the third quarter, cost savings wrapping up in the fourth quarter and some shifts in below the line items, we expect growth in SOP and EPS to be more heavily weighted to the fourth quarter. Let me close my portion of our remarks by outlining our updated fiscal 2018 guidance. Namely, we now expect organic net sales growth to be in a range between flat and down 1%. This translates to a 300 to 400 basis point improvement over our fiscal 2017 performance. In addition, we now estimate currency translation will increase reported net sales by approximately 1 percentage point for the full-year. We continue to project total segment operating profit growth to be in a range of between flat and up 1% on a constant currency basis. As I said, we now expect adjusted operating profit margin to be below last year’s levels. We continue to expect adjusted diluted EPS will increase between 1% and 2% in cost currency. As I mentioned earlier, this outlook excludes any impact from proposed U.S. tax reform legislation. And we continue to estimate foreign currency will have a $0.01 favorable impact to full-year adjusted diluted EPS. With that, I’ll turn it over to John for an update on our North American retail performance.
Jonathon Nudi: Thanks, Don. Good morning, everyone. I appreciate the opportunity to give you a deeper dive into our North American Retail segment. I’m proud to lead this team. We have great people. We’re moving with urgency. We’re operating differently than a year ago and I think you can begin to see that translate into our performance. The key messages for North America Retail this quarter are similar to headlines for a total company. We’re driving broad-based top line improvement with organic sales slightly positive amounting to flat in the quarter. Our profit was down this quarter, but improved sequentially over the first quarter and we have clear initiatives that will deliver profit growth in the second-half. We’re executing well against our fiscal 2018 priorities and we have strong back-half plans in place to maintain our trajectory. Looking at the financial results in the second quarter, organic net sales for this segment were up just under 0.5%. U.S. Cereal posted 7% net sales growth, which was ahead of Nielsen-measured retail sales, due to non-measured channel growth, strong sell-in for new Chocolate Peanut Butter Cheerios and other quarterly timing shifts. Fiscal year-to-date, U.S. Cereal net sales and retail sales are each roughly flat to last year. U.S. Snacks net sales increased 5% in the quarter, with growth on Lärabar, Nature Valley and fruit snacks, partially offset by declines in Fiber One. Canada net sales are up 1% in constant currency and net sales for the U.S. Meals & Baking operating units were down 2%. U.S. yogurt net sales declined 11% and a 11 point improvement over the first quarter, driven by continued declines in Light and Greek varieties, partially offset by excellent innovation in news and core established brands. Segment operating profit declined 5% in constant currency in the quarter, driven by higher input costs, unfavorable trade phasing and increased advertising and media expense, partially offset by favorable product mix and benefits from cost savings. We’ve driven sequential improvement in U.S. retail sales since the beginning of the year. In fact, our second quarter retail sales trends are almost 700 basis points better than fourth quarter of last year and our improvement is driving better results for our categories. We saw retail sales trend positive in measured channels in the second quarter. And it’s not just a couple of businesses driving this trend, our retail sales trends are better in eight of our nine largest U.S. categories. We’ve had absolute retail sales and dollar shared growth in this quarter on six of these nine businesses. Not only those – not only are these trends broad-based or high-quality, we’ve increased our brand-building investment this year and we’re leveraging new campaigns on some of our biggest brands, generated by new creative agencies and we’re taking a fresh approach towards consumer messaging. For example, new campaigns on Cereals, Nature Valley and Pillsbury are helping drive baseline sales improvements by as much as double digits for these branches at the end of last year. We’re also seeing benefits from an increased focus on innovation with retail sales from new products of more than 50% of the share, driven by successes like Oui by Yoplait and Chocolate Peanut Butter Cheerios. In total, our second quarter baseline sales trends in the U.S. improved by over 600 basis points relative to the fourth quarter of 2017. That represents more than 75% of our overall improvement in the Nielsen-measured channels. We’re also driving better merchandising performance this year. Our display support, which is the most effective merchandise vehicle was up double digits in the quarter. And when you have good brand-building support and strong innovation, your merchandising works even harder for you. It’s important to note that we’re maintaining discipline in our pricing in the market. Average unit prices for our overall U.S. portfolio were up 5% in the first-half. However, three quarters of that increase was due to significant mix impacts from our year-over-year business. Excluding year-over-year, average unit prices for the rest of our portfolio were up 2% in the first quarter and about a 0.5% in the second quarter. The quarterly change was driven in part by moving end of the zone or [ph] dough businesses, where our seasonal pricing is lower than last year, but still higher than two years ago, as we had planned. As we look ahead to the second-half of fiscal 2018, remember that our Nielsen pricing metrics will compare against periods last year, when our aggregate U.S. pricing was up 5% or more. We’re also driving strong results in growing channels, including exceptional performance in e-commerce. Our U.S. e-commerce business grew 82% in the first-half of the year and we still enjoy higher market shares in online full basket purchases compared to shares in bricks and mortar channels. We’re excited about the opportunity that e-commerce provides and we will continue to develop our insights and capabilities to keep our business in advantage position and it’s important in emerging channel. With that as a backdrop, I thought I’d briefly check in on the segment priorities I shared at our Investor Day in July and give you a preview of the product news innovation that will drive results in the back-half of 2018. Our top priority, North America retailers are driving improved performance in U.S. Cereal. I’m happy to report that we’re achieving that goal through six months. We’ve seen a strong turnaround performance in measured channels this year, with retail sales growth in the second quarter, and we’ve gained 70 basis points in market share through the first-half. Four of our largest taste-oriented cereals, which make up over third of our portfolio driving a performance this year. Year-to-date retail sales are Lucky Charms and Cocoa Puffs reached up 14%, while Cinnamon Toast Crunch and Reese’s Puffs are up 8%, the corn puff and kid cereals, because roughly half of the consumption on these brands is by adults. Compelling consumer news has been a theme across these brands, whether that’s new marshmallow news each quarter on Lucky Charms or cinnamon news on Cinnamon Toast Crunch, which has driven 43 consecutive months of market share gains for the brands. We’re planning to extend our cereal momentum in the second-half behind some exciting innovation and platform marketing executions. Chocolate Peanut Butter Cheerios, which launched in October is off to a great start and is turning at the top of the category. We’ll continue to fuel this new product in the second-half with strong in third quarter. In January, we launched two new blasted shred cereals in Peanut Butter Chocolate and Cinnamon Toast Crunch flavors and an opportunity to invigorate $400 million shredded wheat segment by delivering on to tidy and taste. What happened in the fast-growing nut butter channel with new almond butter and peanut butter varieties of our Nature Valley Granola Cereals. We’re supporting these launches, as well as the rest of the portfolio with remarkable marketing and merchandising. I’m probably most excited about our cheerios and merchandising initiatives at the Ellen DeGeneres show that begins in January. We’re running an on packed sweepstakes, where consumers share an active good that demonstrated for a chance to win two prizes. One for themselves and one to share with another person as an active good. The sweepstakes will be announced on the show next month. Now let’s shift gears to our second priority, which is reshaping our U.S. yogurt portfolio by innovating in faster-growing emerging segments of the category. In 2018, the yogurt innovation has been tremendously successful thus far, led by Oui by Yoplait, which already makes up almost 10% of our U.S. yogurt portfolio. Oui’s glass jar and unique positioning really standout on shelf, which has helped drive strong consumer trial and we’re seeing an acceleration in repeat purchases. Retailers love wheat, because it is driving more sales with current consumers and attracting new yogurt buyers. Through the first four months in shelf, we used the largest launch in the category over the past five years. And Yoplait Mix-Ins targets towards traditional yogurt levers looking for great tasting snack options is the second largest launch in the category this year. While innovation is critical to our U.S. yogurt strategy, it’s also critical that we stabilize our two large core platforms in kid yogurts and Original Style Yoplait. This year, we adjusted our biggest consumer paying atGoGurt franchise by making the tubes easier to open. Consumer investment communicating this change is driving improvement on the GoGurt business, with retail sales nearly flat in the second quarter. We’re also investing in advertising for Original Style Yoplait, featuring our Mom On Campaign, where we celebrate hard working moms and show how Yoplait fits into our busy life, and we’ve seen sales trends improved here as well over the last few quarters. We have plenty of news to drive further improvement on GoGurt in second-half, and we were launching four additional flavors in January; Raspberry, Key Lime, Mango and Black Berry. We’re also launching a new line of Annie’s powder sugars. We make this product using organic home milk and four flavors that combine fruits and vegetables with no added sugar. Fruit is the hero on the traditional yogurt segment, nearly 50% of shoppers like more. So we’re giving them what they want, adding more fruits to our Original Style Yoplait. We’re updating the package to communicate the change, and thus using the change on TV and digital advertising. We’ve also seen indulgence opportunity in the traditional yogurt segment and then we can bring more consumers to shelf for the decadent home milk and real food offering. Our new fruit sideline shows off its indulging ingredients with clear packaging and it’s price for the dollar to maintain broad appeal. We know there’s still a long way to go on the U.S. sugar, but we like the direction we’re heading. We think the combinations were first-half improvements and our back-half news will help us cut our declines to single digits by the end of the year. Our third priority in North America Retail this year is driving differential growth on Totino’s hot snacks, Old El Paso and snack bars. I would say, we’re generating good growth so far this year with low single-digit retail sales increases across each of these large platforms. On Totino’s hot snacks, we were forced to led consumer support plan for the back-half, target towards a millennial male consumer. We’re bringing to life for live free couch hard campaigns in time for football championship season by inviting consumers to show us how they couch hard. We’re supporting the campaign with football theme in store merchandising and we will continue to run advertising and digital in TV throughout the year. For Old El Paso in the second-half, we’re accelerating our in-store activations. We’re again partnering with Avocados from Mexico, which is one of our largest merchandising events of the year, and we’re bringing taco truck merchandising displays to key retailers. And we will continue to support the business with our Anything Goes in Old El Paso campaign. Growth on our snack bars business has really been a tale of two stories, with strong growth from Nature Valley and Lärabar, offsetting declines in Fiber One. Retail sales for Nature Valley are up up double-digit so far this year, helped by new advertising on our core and excellent performance in our new nut better biscuits and granola cup platforms. And Lärabar continues to deliver 30% retail sales growth behind strong distribution growth and investment behind its food made from food campaign, which will continue in the back-half of the year. The story on Fiber One is more challenging. We’re working hard to improve performance by refocusing our messaging on our core consumer and renovating our products and packaging which are the Fiber One’s core role permissible indulgence. And the retail sales were still down sharply in the first-half, driven by reduced distribution base sales per point of distribution of turn positive, which is a good indicator of future trends. We’re working to rebuild the innovation pipeline of Fiber One, including the launch of eight new items in January, featuring four flavors of Fiber One Bites and we’re supporting these launches with our all mine TV and digital advertising. We have some great new indulgent offerings on Nature Valley as well. Consumers are looking for indulgent treats made from real food. So we’re introducing layer bars to have a triple layer of nut butter, granola with nuts and chocolate, and we’re launching soft-baked filled squares that combine whole grain Oatmeal bars with creamy peanut butter filling. We’ll support these lunches with TV, social media, digital coupons and merchandising. With the winter in full swing here in Minneapolis, I thought I’d share a quick update on our performance so far in the key soup and baking seasons. We’re back in our game on – in soup this year. Retail sales growth were up 2%. We gained a half point to share in the category two months in the soup season, with strength across a core registered business, including new progress organic. Retail sales for Betty Crocker Dessert Mixes were up a 0.5% since October, and we gained over a plenty of share behind strong and season support and good performance from our core segments. And I’ll closer by refrigerated dough, our results have improved over last year’s key season, but we’re still not where we want to be. Our new media campaign Made at Home is driving better baseline sales and we have stronger merchandising plan this year. Retail sales declined 1% in the first two months of key season, but we’re seeing month-by-month improvement and we posted growth in November. Our final priority for this year is to expand our national organic portfolio and we’re seeing good results here too, particularly on three of our largest businesses Mac And Cheese, Cereal and fruit snacks. We generate year-to-date market share gains across each of these categories due to strong consumer engagement, distribution expansion and instruct support, and we’ll continue those efforts throughout the second-half to continue to drive growth in our national organic portfolio. I’ll close by summarizing my key messages for North America Retail today. We’re seeing broad-based high-quality improvement in our top line trends, including organic sales growth in the second quarter. Our profit performance is improving and we have clear initiatives that will deliver profit growth in the second-half. We’re making progress on our fiscal 2018 key priorities, and we have strong back-half plans in place to maintain our trajectory. For the full-year, we now expect organic sales to be down 1% to 2%, which is a 100 basis points better than our original guidance. We expect segment operating profit growth on a constant currency basis. With that, I want to thank you for your time this morning, and I hand it back over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Harmening: Thanks, Jon. I’ll cover second quarter performance for our other three segments. In Convenience Stores and Foodservice, second quarter organic net sales were up 5%, driven by mid single-digit growth for the Focus 6 platforms and benefits from index pricing on bakery flour. Within the Focus 6, Innovation drove strong double-digit growth on frozen meals, including new frozen breads and stuff presence in K-12 schools and new Stuffed Waffle in Convenience Stores. We also generated good growth on Cereal and the Foodservice channels. Segment operating profit was down 2% in the quarter, driven by higher input costs. Looking ahead to the second-half, we expect to continue driving good performance on frozen meals, led by strong demand in K-12 schools for our healthy delicious and easy-to-prepare meal solutions. And we like the prospects for our Stuffed Waffle, which meets many C-store’s consumers desires for convenience and great taste. We’ve also seen our snacks business strengthened in C-stores recently. And we’ll build on that success – with success with the support for Gushers and Nature Valley Granola Cups. And finally, we expect further growth on Cereal on the back-half, including our successful Granola offerings in colleges and Universities. Turning to Europe and Australia, organic net sales were up 1% in the second quarter. We gained market share across our seven largest Häagen-Dazs markets, driven by innovation on stick bars and mini sticks, new packaging on our prime business and investment behind a new advertising campaign. Our performance on yogurt improved behind new product innovation, focusing on a combination of simple ingredients and great taste. In the UK, we leveraged our learning from Canada to drive 25% growth on the Betty. And in France, we found success with our Triple Sensation’s launch. On snack bars, innovation and increased distribution grow double-digit retail sales growth across the segment, including in the UK, our largest snacks bars market. Segment operating profit totaled $27 million in the quarter, compared to $41 million a year ago, primarily driven by significant raw material inflation and currency-driven inflation on products imported into the UK. As we look at the back-half, we expect Häagen-Dazs and snack bars will lead the segment’s growth. It’s summer in Australia and we’re looking to build on our successful Häagen-Dazs launch last year by driving the brand’s consumer awareness through media, sampling and consumer promotions. On Fiber One snack bars, we’ll leverage our diet season playbook to reach consumers who are looking for an indulgence that doesn’t break their New Year’s resolution. In our Asia and Latin American segment, second quarter organic sales matched year ago levels with growth in Asian markets offset by declines in our Latin American markets. In China, we had our strongest Häagen-Daz mooncake season in four years behind new flavors and improve marketing. Our Wanchai Ferry business strengthened behind our innovation and marketing of our core shrimp dumpling line and we continue to expand distribution for Yoplait yogurt. We also posted excellent growth on our snacking platform in India and the Middle East. While our Latin America business improved from the first quarter, net sales were still below last year due to continued challenges related to our enterprise reporting system integration in Brazil, as well as the impact of natural disasters in the Caribbean and Mexico. Segment operating profit decreased to $17 million in the quarter, compared to $29 million a year ago, reflecting currency driven inflation on imported products and increased media and advertising expense. We have an exciting lineup of news planned across Asia in the second-half of this year. There is strong demand for premium yogurt in China, so we’re expanding our pro-delay line with two new flavors created specifically for our Chinese Yoplait consumers, Mochi green tea and red bean, and we’ll have more news to share on pro-delay innovation in coming months. For Häagen-Daz, we’re introducing two new flavors at our limited edition fruit and flower line. We’re continuing to rollout sour new global packaging design and we’re launching new green tea and red bean flavors on our popular Häagen-Daz Mochi line. In addition, we have some important snack bar launches across the segment, including new Pillsbury pastry cakes in India and Nature Valley crunchy single bars across Asia, which better aligned with Asian consumers preferred sizing and price point expectations. Before I close, I wanted to provide a brief update on the four key growth priorities for fiscal 2018 that we outlined back in July. First, our momentum is building on Cereal, and I like our chances to grow Cereal globally, including CPW this year. Second, while there’s still work to do, we’ve made significant progress on improving our U.S. Yogurt business through Innovation, thanks to the great success of Wii and Yoplait Mix-Ins. Third, we’re shifting resources towards our differential growth platforms. As Don mentioned, we’ve added investment on these platforms this year to accelerated growth – to accelerate growth in fiscal 2018. And fourth, we’re in the zone for soup and baking seasons and we expect our performances on those businesses will be much improved versus last year. With that, let me summarize today’s key messages. We delivered high-quality, broad-based improvement and our net sales performance this quarter with organic sales growth in absolute across all four operating segments. We drove sequential improvement and operating profit in the second quarter, and we have clear plans in place to deliver profit growth in the back-half of this year. And with six months in the books and visibility to the impact of those second-half plans, we’re raising our 2018 organic net sales guidance and maintaining our outlook for total segment operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. Now, we’ll open up the call for questions. Operator, will you please get us started?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] One moment please for the first question. And our first question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed.
Christopher Growe: Hi, good morning.
Jeffrey Harmening: Good morning, Chris.
Jonathon Nudi: Good morning, Chris.
Donal Mulligan: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Growe: Good morning. So I just had a question for you in relation to this pretty significant shift you’re going to see in margin for the second-half of the year, and you’ve got a pretty significant improvement built in. You obviously have some trade phasing benefit coming in later in the year – sorry, the trade accounting benefit. But your trade, I think, you said we’re higher in the third quarter. I know that cost savings are picking up, inflation is coming down. When I put it all together, I’m trying to understand, especially into the third quarter how that gross margin is going to pick up significantly, or should be more fourth quarter weighted. And then overall for the year, as you think about the gross margin, how much could that be down? Are you giving any kind of color around the amount of gross margin decline for the year?
Donal Mulligan: Sure. Okay, Chris. This is Don. A lot of questions rolled into that. But I’ll try to answer. If I don’t, let me know. So first off on gross margin, as I said in the second quarter, the operating margin [Technical Difficulty] including transaction FX, unfavorable trade-phasing and incredible into the accounting behindthat last quarter, so I won’t go through that again, but that will – that impacted this quarter as we expected. Again charge seasonal merchandising and we had increased media expenses and that was partially offset by costs. If you look at the back-half, we expect again the same thing from the low 17% that we saw in the first-half more than 18% in the second-half. The primary drivers are going to be positive price mix on all four segments, and that’s driven our reported results by trade-phasing reversing, improved sales mix and pricing as we mentioned in certain geographies. Our cost savings will accelerate as those – as our sourcing initiatives ramps up. And input cost inflation will moderate pursuing up slightly for the full-year was higher than we expected, but will moderate in the second-half after keeping in the second quarter. Those are the drivers. You see, your question on the phasing, we’ll take more in the fourth quarter. And the reason for that is that the merchandising activity obviously carries through the third quarter. As I mentioned, the global sourcing savings ramp up in the fourth quarter. The largest impact that once we start again the year was it our incentive through up. We began producing our incentive accrual last year, primarily in the third quarter. So we’ll see that impact that year-over-year impact drag in the third quarter will limit the growth in margins. And then in the below the line, the other item is that where I think about EPS is metrics. It’s actually – we have negative comp in Q3 and positive in Q4. There’s a number of factors that we’ll see the margin in the fourth quarter and the one tax item that we’ll see the EPS for the fourth quarter.
Christopher Growe: Okay. That was helpful. Sorry, so just a quick follow-up and it would be in relation, so you’ve had a couple of food industry competitors here down some larger-scale acquisitions recently. And it seems like they’re really heavily focused on growth of these acquisitions. I’m just curious, you’re very internally focused right now. You’ve got a lot going on in General Mills. Is that these acquisitions that would be of interest to you? I mean, more from a high-level growth-oriented acquisitions, or maybe you could comment perhaps on your pipeline of acquisitions or how you’re looking at that today for General Mills?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. So, Chris, this is Jeff Harmening. The – what I would say is that, first, we don’t feel pressure to do M&A just because all the other kids are doing it. So and we don’t really think that, that scale for the sake of scale is what’s important. And we think that having leading positions and good categories is really what drives growth. Having said that, what I will say is that a couple of things. One is that, M&A is part of our growth strategy. The first piece and most important piece of that is being competitive in the markets we currently compete in. The second piece is an accelerating in some certain categories. And then the third piece is M&A itself. So we think M&A has a role in our growth strategy going forward, but is one of three pieces. The most important in the foundation of being, which is being competitive in our own categories. To that extent, what I will also tell you is that, I’d say, we’re increasingly confident in our ability to execute M&A as part of this broader growth strategy and really for three reasons. The first is that, we’re increasingly confident in execution on our base business. And internally, here we talk about that all the time that being competitive where we are kind of gives us a better foundation to build upon whether that’s accelerating in other categories or whether that’s M&A. So we feel increasingly confident about that as hopefully the second quarter results start to show. The second is that, whether it’s Annie’s or Apec or Carolina yogurt business, which we’ve acquired recently. One of the things we feel good about is that, we have demonstrated our ability to grow businesses. And in the case of Annie’s, we’ve actually accelerated that growth. And we’ve been able to use our internal capabilities effectively in order to do that. And so we feel good about our base business. We feel that – we feel good about our ability to grow businesses. And with a lot of our restructuring behind us, we’re – we feel like our ability to integrate businesses will certainly be improved. And then third, look, we have the financial capacity to execute against M&A. Our cash flows are really good. Don and his finance team have done a really nice job with working capital. And to the extent, we can grow our profitability in the back-half of the year, which we feel good about. We’ve got good cash flow. So we feel good about our base business, increasingly good and our ability to execute that. We feel good that we’ve been able to grow businesses – growth businesses and we have the capacity. So, M&A will be an important component of our growth, but it’s only one of the three.
Christopher Growe: Okay. Well, thank you and happy holidays.
Jeffrey Harmening: Happy holidays. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner from Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Jeffrey Harmening: Hey, John.
John Baumgartner: Jon, I’m curious, there’s some concern circulating about retailers scaling back to center store to make room for the parameter and then just downward pressure on pricing from suppliers in general. But from your commentary, it doesn’t sound as though, you’re expecting an impact from Mills. So could you speak a bit to the broader retailing environment, how you’re seeing retailers responding to your initiatives?. And in terms of just new shelf base and merchandising and also how you’re comfortable that margins won’t deteriorate further relative to the guide?
Jonathon Nudi: Yes, sure. Thanks, John. I’ll give you – try to answer as many of those questions I can as a lot rolled up there. Clearly, it’s a competitive environment right now as new players entered the U.S. as emerging channels like e-commerce come on to the scene. So definitely, it’s competitive both on the retailer side, as well as the manufacturer side. What I can tell you is, I feel really good about our ability to compete in this environment. Where we’re big in the U.S., we’re one of the top food companies. We have scale across center store, refrigerated and frozen. And as we grow the categories of our retailers growth, so again, it’s important that we have good plans locked in with our retailers. In addition to that, we’ve got one of the best sales forces as ranked by Cantor in the industry. They’re doing a great job of really sitting down with the retailers and putting together joint business plans. And what we find with those joint business plans is trade-offs. And again, even across a retailer, we might give a bit one category to get something in return in another. But by applying our scale, and again, if we’re growing broadly, that’s really good for our retailers category. We’re finding a way to get to win-win solution. So, again, there’s a lot going on. And certainly, space optimization, that’s something that we’re seeing as well. What I’d tell you there is, we have some businesses that are going to win in that. So we have a broad snacking portfolio, which will likely win in that environment in addition to that natural organic’s core strength of ours as well with the third largest national organic player in the country, so that’s good. And in the categories that might contract. What we tend to see is that, the smaller manufacturers the third or fourth or fifth players tend to be the ones that lose. And when you look at our business in the U.S., 80% of our brands are the number one or number two in their category. So it’s tough out there for sure. But at the same time, I actually feel like, we’re in a place now that we can be advantaged and really win in this marketplace.
John Baumgartner: Great. Thanks, Jon.
Jonathon Nudi: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Jeffrey Harmening: Hi, Ken.
Donal Mulligan: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth Goldman: I just wanted to get, Don, appreciate the – you gave it already, I think healthy list of reasons why the second-half will get better in terms of the growth, both especially on the bottom line. But I think what might help is, if you get a little sense maybe of, which of those factors will be the most critically important as we think about modeling the business, because one of the questions I’ve been getting this morning and I have it myself is, you’re talking about better price mix. Obviously, some of that is trade accrual phasing. You’re talking about less cost inflation, cost inflation innovation. Just trying to get a sense of really where the key, I guess, pivot points are that’s going to make or break the year, because in modeling it, I don’t know, if we necessarily have enough information to sort of say, all right, this is what really needs to have happened for this company to make it. So I’m just trying to get a sense if you had a sort of bucket or rank them how you would do that in terms of the factors helping the second-half?
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes, sure. They’re really are in the order now listen. The major piece is going to be the price mix. And probably half of that is going to be from the reversal and the trade accrual. And as we said in the first quarter, that was about 100 basis point drag, it was close to that in the second quarter that will start reversing in the second-half. And then on top of that, we expect improved sales mix in the second-half, given the businesses that will drive our growth and pricing in certain geographies, obviously, across the emerging markets a little bit in the UK as we battle the transaction FX. So that will be the largest driver. Second will be the cost savings acceleration that we see in global sourcing. Again, that’s going to be largely in the fourth quarter. And then the third and the smallest bit will be the input cost moderation.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay, thank you for that. And then just a quick follow-up, just so we said expectations, I think, at a reasonable level. Can you give us any sense of all? And I really do appreciate you guys talking about just being more fourth quarter loaded than third quarter. But are we talking about EPS potentially being flat in the third quarter year-on-year, or do you still expect them to be up to some degree based on what you’re seeing right now?
Donal Mulligan: We still said growth in the third quarter, but the majority of the growth was going to be in the fourth quarter.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Matthew Grainger: Hi, good morning, everybody. I wanted to ask first on, I guess, about the open question on the proposed tax legislation. And I know there’s probably going to be a hesitancy to give formal comments before everything is set in stone. But can you give us any sense assuming it passes in its current form 21%, where the consolidated tax rate for the company would go. And how we should think about the flow through of that to the bottom line in the second-half and in 2018,maybe just in generality if not in absolute? And I guess, secondarily, just to the extent that you can talk about this on a forward-looking basis, do you see that having any impact on the promotional equilibrium in the industry? How do you think about the ways that cash flow may be or that earnings flexibility might be reinvested?
Donal Mulligan: Well, I guess, I’ll start by just saying that, we think it’s important for U.S. businesses to be – to not to be competitively disadvantage globally relative to our foreign competitor. So lower corporate tax rate as the current legislation in visions certainly make the U.S. a more attractive place to invest. The territorial system makes U.S.-based corporations more competitive, because we have reduced global tax burden, and obviously, we have increased access to our cash from foreign earnings. So that’s the positive. Based on the current legislation, clearly, it’s still a moving target. Even just last night, I said, I made some changes, the house now has to revote on. The bottom lime, we’ll see a reduction in our effective tax rate. But, Matt, frankly, these have timing of it and the magnitude of it, will have to determined once you see the final bill. It will be favorable, but however phase-in 2018 versus 2019 in the absolute magnitude, we will have to come back to you on once we actually digest the entire bill, and we’ll do that in due course once that’s available to us.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, understood. And I guess, just one question from a sort of a category – from a category standpoint. I guess, just your thoughts on the health of the cereal category in the U.S. at the moment. I know you’re gaining share. You saw strong sales delivery here in the quarter. But overall, when we look at the scanner data, the category still declining 2% to 3%, it looks like promotional levels are up year-on-year, although I know that can sometimes be misleading. I guess, are you happy with where the category is at the moment? And do you think anything needs to change there to ensure that the growth you’re seeing right now is going to be more sustainable?
Jonathon Nudi: Yes. Sure, Matthew, this is Jon. What I can tell you is that, we really like the way that we’re competing in the cereal category right now. When you look at our performance through the first-half, our change in trend is pretty significant and nearly 70% of that change is from baseline sales. So, again, it’s really better innovation and better marketing that’s driving our results in the category, and that’s really been the recipe for success in the category over the long-term. So we’re very committed to, again, continue to build strong brands and then innovate more aggressively and we feel really good about the pipeline as we look forward. As you think about the category, it’s still a big category, important category is the fourth largest class across grocery. And we believe and it’s highly penetrated 90% of households consume cereal. So we really believe in the category. We think there’s growth ahead. There are some interesting timing of things. So again, if you think about the category grew nicely during the financial downturn. So between 2007 and 2012, the category grew. As the economy gradually got better and out of home eating increased, we saw the category tip the negative. So we’re starting to see that moderate in terms of the in-home versus out-of-home. We also know that, 30% of consumption of the category comes from boomers and older adults and that group of consumers are going to grow. So we absolutely believe in the category. We believe that strong marketing and good innovation can drive it. We’re committed to doing our part and we look forward to again driving our growth as we move to the back-half and into the future.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, great, Thanks and happy holidays, everyone.
Jeffrey Harmening: You too.
Jonathon Nudi: You too.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Please proceed.
David Driscoll: Great. Thanks a lot and good morning, everybody.
Jeffrey Harmening: Hi, David.
David Driscoll: Wanted to follow-up, Jon, on refrigerated dough. So can you – you touched on it in your prepared comments, but can you just talk a little bit more about the trends and how stage is. And I’m kind of curious why fields aren’t a bit stronger there, that’s such a dominant franchise and comping against a reasonably weak year-ago period? Do you expect refrigerated dough to see material improvement in the remainder of the winter season? And kind of what would give you confidence, if that would be true?
Jeffrey Harmening: Hey, David, good question. Obviously, a big important category for us. And as I mentioned, we got off to a bit of a slower start than we had hoped. We are seeing improvement for sure. I would say two things drove this slower start. One was a distribution built a bit slower than we had planned as we came to the key season. What I can tell you is, distribution is getting to our projected levels as we are really entering December and January here. The second thing is, we missed a promotional window at a major retailer in October. And as a result of that, that really impacted our performance there. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we grew in November, which is great and we’re seeing some positive things so far in December. So we are still confident that we’re going to deliver a much improved year in refrigerated bake goods. We believe that we’re tending in the right direction.
David Driscoll: Thank you. And then two follow ups. One on cereal, and I’m just specifically interested in the shift in versus sell-through second quarter impact, and then what it means to the third quarter? So given our plus seven in the second quarter, are we going to have a negative in the third quarter simply because of the timing issues between 2Q and 3Q, as it outlined? And then I had a – just a follow on tax question for you, Don. Maybe you don’t have all the quantifications on, which is understandable. But I think, we’re all just curious what the company would do with that money higher capital spending, dividends, share repurchase, just what you do with kind of found money of this magnitude? Thank you.
Jeffrey Harmening: Hi, David, I’ll quickly take the cereal question. I mean, the short answer is, we don’t expect a knock-on effect in Q3. If you look at the – first of all, if you look to the first-half, our end market movement our RNS is almost perfectly aligned. So, again, it’s where we expected to be. There were some quarterly shifts, so the biggest drivers in the RNS versus movement difference in Q2 was first non-measured channels continue to grow nicely and that’s a piece of it. We ship Chocolate Peanut Butter Cheerios in October, and that’s off to a great start, as I mentioned, all of that hasn’t moved through the register. And actually, at the beginning of the quarter, we had some impact due to the hurricanes. If you remember, in August, the hurricane hit Texas. And as a result, due to some supply chain interruptions, we felt pipeline in September that likely would have shipped in August. So, again, we feel really good about how we’re performing in cereal and expect normal movement in RNS as we move to the back-half of the year.
Donal Mulligan: Yeah, on the tax front, as we see with any increase in earnings, we’ll evaluate several uses. We’ll look at brand investment, look at capital investment, look at M&A and clearly cash return to shareholders. Our long-term expectations on how we’re going to drive the business haven’t changed.
David Driscoll: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research. Please proceed.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks so much, and happy holidays.
Jeffrey Harmening: Good morning.
Jonathan Feeney: I had – good morning. I had a couple of questions. First, I know when you think about U.S. retail specifically, can you comment at all about – anything standout to you as far as pockets of success by channel like mass versus traditional or not necessarily in absolute, but say relative to the competition. I know you mentioned e-commerce, but any sort of like takes where, wow, this is really working, it’s really coming together in a particular channel? And secondly, and maybe related, there has been – can – there has been a fair amount of the data we see and what you report to us this morning share gain across a lot of few different categories. Can you comment on the – you mentioned the competitive environment, but specifically, that share gain this year right now at a time when everyone is looking for the same thing. Can you comment about your take on potential competitive responses in 2018 and how you’re set up for that? Thanks.
Jonathon Nudi: Sure, sure. This is Jon. So a couple of things. One, we really like the way we’re competing across categories. And again, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we’re seeing broad-based improvement across the majority of our categories and we like the way we’re competing across channels. It’s really is broad-based better as well. We feel like we’re winning in the majority of our channels, so that feels really good. As we think about share, again, the thing that gives us good confidence that we’re heading in the right direction here is the majority of our change and improvement in trend is really coming from baseline sales. So, again, across total U.S. retail, 75% of our improvement is via baseline sales. So it’s really not a case of merchandising driving the bulk of our improvement, so it’s better marketing. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we made a pretty major change last year shifting long relationships with advertising agencies moving to some new ones and we really like that trend that we see in market and we know that is driving our business and our baselines and our innovations are better, it’s up 50% year-over-year. And I can tell you that’s actually off the same number of items. So, again, it’s not turning much stuff out there, it’s actually better quality. So we’re really focused on competing. We’re focused on the fundamentals. And we believe that if we continue to do that, we can continue to see broad-based wins across our business.
Jonathan Feeney: Great. Great, Jon. Any comment about channel at all, like particularly successes that you had?
Jonathon Nudi: Again, we feel good generally across the majority of the channels. And again, without calling off specific customers, there’s this puts and takes. But the reality is, we’re growing share across all channels. And I think for us right now, that’s the focus to compete wherever we are. So I’m not going to – there’s not one that jumps out of me. Again, we feel really good about how we’re trending in all of them.
Jeffrey Harmening: And to build on Jon’s point to broaden that from the U.S. to more broadly globally, one of the things we’re most pleased with for the quarter in general is just the breadth of our growth. And so whether you look across product categories in the U.S., we improved. If you look across channels in the U.S., we improved. If you look across channels more broadly like Convenience Stores and Foodservice, we improved. If you look at Europe, we improved. If you look at Asia, we improved. And so, the – for us means, Jon answered the question for the U.S. But I would say, more broadly as a company, one of the things we’re most pleased about with the quarter that we hope to continue and that we plan to continue is just the breadth of the improvement that we have seen, and that’s geographic improvement in channel, as well as product line.
Jonathan Feeney: Well, thanks very much. And any of you have spare room for the Super Bowl? Don’t be shy, I’m an excellent house guest. You know how to reach me.
Jeffrey Harmening: Exactly.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jagdale with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Akshay Jagdale: Hi, good morning. Thank you for the question. I wanted to ask about the innovation momentum. So can you comment on the yogurt that we launch. You mentioned, it’s obviously the best the category it seems. But what’s the endgame there, if you can help us sort of size that opportunity. And more importantly, like what is that – you or your organization that you can apply to other franchises and when should we potentially expect some of that, meaning, more sort big bet innovation across your other franchises? Thank you.
Jonathon Nudi: You’re welcome. So this is Jon. I’ll give you a few thoughts on Wii. So, again, we’re really pleased with the results there. It’s about 1.5 share of the category already. We expect that to continue to increase. And for year one, again, we expect this to be in north of $100 million in sales. So, again, it’s off to a terrific start. We’re seeing really good repeat rates and consumers are telling us that they view us very, very unique. In terms of how we got there, I’m really proud of we. And again, let me just start by saying, we know there’s a lot more work to be done in yogurt. So we’re not taking any victory laps in that category, to be clear. But I like the way that, that seems really operating. They’re focused on playing our game and then looking for opportunities and segments that are going to be growing in the future and bringing fundamental innovation. And we did it in a really scrappy way, innovating quickly and closely with consumers is truly is consumer-first innovation. And by being in market and iterating over time, we’ve got to a product that we know really resonates with consumers really works hard. So the actual process that we used to create, we were actually moving across overall use in the U.S., really around the world to make sure that we move more quickly and make sure that we’re connected as closely to the consumer as we can. And we believe that’s going to help our pipeline as we move forward and make our innovation even more impactful.
Jeffrey Harmening: And to build on Jon’s point, one of the things I’m really pleased about is, as I look across our organization and how we’re working differently now is that, Wii is a great example of something as simple ingredients and great tasting. Well, we use that same kind of thought in the UK and in France, and it didn’t happen to be Wii, but the same consumer insight drove Liberte taste success in the UK and Triple Sensation success in France. So as an organization, we’re getting better, much better and much faster, sharing insights across geographies. And I’m really proud of the UK team, for example, for taking Liberte, which has been so successful in Canada and and not trying to do anything different than what was done in Canada and applying that to the UK and growing it by 25%. And so I’m pleased with our team here in the U.S. on yogurt and we see improvement broadly in our yogurt business across the globe. And I’m also pleased with how we’re working differently, whether that’s the specifics to the launch of we here in the U.S. or how we’re sharing ideas more broadly and quickly globally.
Akshay Jagdale: So just two quick follow-up. So when do you think we’ll start to see a broader impact on your top line growth as you’re sharing these ideas, right, whether it’s globalization or just innovation being the bigger piece of the top line? I mean, it’s already better, but should we expect that to accelerate, and when might that happen?
Donal Mulligan: Well, obviously, look, I think you’re already seeing it in this quarter. I mean, we cut our losses on yogurt. Our declines on yogurt in the U.S. in half behind innovation. And we hope to get the single-digit losses and plan to get the single-digit losses in the U.S. in the back-half of the year. We’re down less than 1% on yogurt in Europe this quarter, so this was one of the best quarters we’ve had behind new innovation. So to be honest with you, I think, you’re starting to see it already, and we’ve got a team that’s dedicated to continuing that, whether it’s on yogurt or on Häagen-Dazs or on Old El Paso and on snack bars. If you look at the second-half of the year, one of the things I mentioned in my remarks was that, you’ll see Nature Valley in Asia and are expanding Nature Valley in Asia and that’s based on success we saw in Europe and obviously the success we’re having in the U.S., but applying it to Asia consumers in a slightly different format that works for them. And so, honestly, I think you’re starting to see it now and our plan is to continue that.
Akshay Jagdale: Perfect. I’ll pass it on. Thank you. Happy holidays.
Donal Mulligan: Happy holidays.
Jeffrey Harmening: You too. Operator, I think we have probably time for just one more unfortunately.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Steven Strycula with UBS. Please proceed.
Steven Strycula: Hi, guys, good morning. Two-part question. For the first part, just want to get a sense of, I think, Ken was asking about it earlier, but the absolute gross margin magnitude of pressure that we’re seeing for the full-year obviously gets better in the second-half. But is it a fair way to think about it down 50 basis points for the year? That’s my first part.
Donal Mulligan: Well, let me focus on operating margins and it’s actually kind of what we’ve been giving guidance on. And I mentioned the factors that will drive it inflation is going to run higher than we – slightly higher than we expected in transaction FX and work against this. We’ve added some investment in accelerators to drive growth, the top line of which will come through next year, but we’re encouraging cost this year to make that happen. And then I mentioned just the kind of the nature of our transaction FX, which is helping the top line more than SOP or more than the operating profit. And just to put it – just to mention that, we were talking about a swing here of maybe 50 basis points. We will still be in the zone of 18% operating margins for the full-year. So we correct that level last year and that’s still remains 200 basis points above where we were three years ago. So just kind of in the order of magnitude, that’s where we were going to land for the year.
Jeffrey Harmening: And, Steve, this is Jeff. I don’t think gross margin, we don’t expect to have material difference in gross margin trends versus operating margin trends. So I think, the drivers are very similar.
Steven Strycula: Okay, thanks. That’s really helpful. And then just a question for Jon, just on the soup business. Want to get a sense and there has been a little bit of shuffling of the deck in the category of – for the soup season this year. Just wanted to think about how you think about the health of the overall category, total shelving displays, not just specific to you, but the category in general? And then how do we think about, given some of the decisions that were made in third quarter, are you seeing that – obviously progress is doing better, but do you think that the category is maintaining its momentum and what stopped it from necessarily being a bit back of the business next year? Thank you.
Jonathon Nudi: Sure, Steve. The categories through key season is growing, so that’s good overall. And, again, for the rest of the strong share, which we like. Similar to some of the other businesses what we really like that 80% of our improvement in trend in soup is actually coming from baseline sales. So, again, it’s fundamentals, it’s good marketing. Now we’ve got a little bit of innovation with the progress of organics, it’s working for us as well. So, again, like many of the other categories, it’s about fundamentals and competing well. And if we do that, we think that we can be successful and drive the category. And again, through key season, we’re seeing the category grow and it appears to be healthy and we’re having good constructive conversations with the retailers around it. So we’d expect continued growth through the back-half of the year.
Steven Strycula: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Jeffrey Harmening: All right. And Sara, thanks. Unfortunately, I know we didn’t get to everybody today. I know there are a few people probably still hoping to get a call – question in. So I’m on the phone all day, please feel free to reach out and connect on any question from here on out. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-09-20 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the first quarter fiscal 2018 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded on Wednesday, September 20, 2017. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Sarah, and good morning to everyone. I'm here with Jeff Harmening, our CEO; and Don Mulligan, our CFO, who will share a few remarks in a moment. 
 Before I turn the call over to them, let me cover our usual housekeeping items. A press release on first quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. And you can find this release and a copy of the slides that supplement this morning's remarks on our Investor Relations website. I'll remind you that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. And the third slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. 
 And with that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Don. 
Donal Mulligan: All right. Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our first quarter fiscal 2018 results. As we mentioned at our Investor Day in July, our #1 priority in fiscal 2018 is improving our top line performance by focusing on 4 global growth priorities: growing cereal globally, including CPW; improving U.S. Yogurt through innovation; investing in differential growth opportunities; and managing our Foundation brands with the appropriate investment. As Jeff will share in a moment, we executed well against these priorities in the first quarter, and we're seeing the results in our in-market performance. 
 In the U.S., our Nielsen-measured retail sales trends improved by 300 basis points versus our fourth quarter results. And we saw good improvement in France and the U.K. as well. We anticipated a slow start to the year on adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS, driven by sales declines and the phasing of input costs, expenses and cost savings. We expect sales results to strengthen and first quarter margin headwinds to lessen in the remainder of the year, driving growth on profit and EPS in the second half. We continue to maintain a disciplined focus on cash. And we delivered strong growth in free cash flow in the first quarter. And I'm pleased to announce that we've reaffirmed our full year fiscal 2018 targets in this morning's release. 
 Let me review our performance in the quarter. Slide 5 summarizes first quarter fiscal '18 financial results. Net sales totaled $3.8 billion, down 4% as reported. Organic net sales also declined 4%. Total segment operating profit totaled $664 million, down 16% on a constant currency basis. Net earnings decreased 1% to $405 million and diluted earnings per share increased 3% to $0.69 as reported. Adjusted diluted EPS, which excludes certain items affecting comparability, was $0.71. Constant currency adjusted diluted EPS decreased 9%, reflecting lower operating profit, partially offset by lower interest, tax rate and average diluted shares outstanding. 
 Slide 6 shows the components of total company net sales growth. Organic net sales declined 4% in the quarter, driven by lower organic pound volume in the North America Retail in Asia and Latin America segments. Organic sales mix and price realization was neutral in the quarter. Neither foreign currency translation nor the impact of divestitures had a material impact on net sales. 
 In North America Retail, organic net sales were down 5%. U.S. Yogurt represents more than half of the segment's net sales decline in the quarter, driven by continued significant declines in Greek and Light varieties, partially offset by excellent performance on Oui by Yoplait, which launched in July. 
 U.S. cereal net sales were down 7%, reflecting a reduction in customer inventory levels and unfavorable trade expense phasing. Retail sales results for cereal were much stronger with Nielsen-measured takeaway down just 1% in the quarter. The 2% net sales decline in U.S. snacks was due to Fiber One snack bars, partially offset by growth on LÄRABAR, Annie's and Nature Valley. 
 Canada net sales were also down 2%. And U.S. Meals & Baking net sales were flat to last year, driven by strong customer orders on Progresso soup leading into soup season as well as growth on Old El Paso and Totino's, offset by declines in Pillsbury refrigerated dough. 
 First quarter segment operating profit declined 15% in constant currency due primarily to lower volume, unfavorable trade expense phasing, higher input cost and a 6% increase in advertising and media expense. I'll share more color on first quarter profit drivers and our expectations for the full year profit margin improvement in a moment. 
 In our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment, first quarter organic net sales were flat compared to last year. Growth on cereal and foodservice channel and our new premium sandwich breads in K-12 schools was offset by declines in cup yogurt and biscuits. Segment operating profit was down 8%, driven by higher input cost, unfavorable mix and a comparison against the year-ago period when profit was up 16%. 
 Organic net sales for our Europe and Australia segment were up 2% with good growth in our ice cream and snacks businesses. We continue to expand Häagen-Dazs in Australia and European markets. And our stick bar, pint and mini cup innovation is gaining traction. Snack bars benefited from strong performance on our Fiber One and Nature Valley brands as we continued to increase household penetration behind effective messaging and innovation. 
 Segment operating profit was down $13 million in Europe and Australia, driven by significant raw material inflation, especially dairy and vanilla, which impact both Häagen-Dazs and Yoplait as well as currency-driven inflation on products imported into the U.K. Our Asia and Latin America segment posted an 8% decline in organic net sales in the first quarter, reflecting the timing shift in Brazil's reporting calendar last year and challenges related to an enterprise reporting system implementation, which also impacted Brazil's results. 
 On a positive note, we posted high single-digit growth in local currency on Wanchai Ferry in China. And we recently expanded our Yoplait China business into 4 additional cities near Shanghai, which will drive incremental growth for the brand this year. Segment operating profit in Asia and Latin America was $16 million compared to $22 million a year ago, reflecting lower sales and currency-driven inflation on imported products. 
 First quarter adjusted gross margin decreased 230 basis points and adjusted operating profit margin was down 210 basis points, driven by volume deleverage, higher input cost, including currency-driven inflation on imported products, and unfavorable trade expense phasing. We expect each of these margin drivers to turn more favorable in the remainder of the year. Specifically, we expect our volume performance will improve, driven by increasing benefits from innovation and brand building as well as much stronger performance on key seasonal businesses in the next 2 quarters. Input cost will be less of a headwind as benefits from COGS HMM savings increase and inflation lessens. 
 On trade expense phasing, you'll recall that we were making some substantial changes to our trade plans a year ago, primarily in the U.S. The timing of those changes had a significant impact on how trade expense was phased by quarter, with last year's first quarter seeing the lowest level of trade expense on a cost per case basis. This unfavorable phasing impact will ease over the course of the year. And let me reassure you that our trade pressure in the market was not meaningfully different than last year. 
 In fact, as Jeff will share in a moment, our average price points in the U.S. were actually higher in the first quarter than they were a year ago. With these margin headwinds lessening, we expect adjusted operating profit margin will improve in the second quarter and again in the second half. For the full year, we continue to expect our adjusted operating profit margin will be above fiscal '17 levels. 
 Slide 12 summarizes our joint venture results in the quarter. CPW net sales grew 2% in constant currency due to favorable net price realization and mix. Häagen-Dazs Japan net sales were up 14% in constant currency, driven primarily by volume gains on our core mini cup business. Combined after-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $24 million, down 1% on a constant currency basis. This was driven by volume growth for CPW, offset by higher product cost for Häagen-Dazs Japan. 
 Slide 13 summarizes other noteworthy income statement items in the quarter. We incurred $19 million in restructuring and project-related charges in the quarter, including $14 million recorded in cost of sales. Corporate unallocated expenses, including certain items affecting comparability, decreased by $17 million in the quarter. Net interest expense was down 2% from the prior year. We continue to expect full year interest expense will be flat to last year. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.4% as reported compared to 30.9% a year ago. Excluding items affecting comparability, the tax rate was 30.5%, 90 basis points below last year, driven by benefits from the newly adopted accounting standard on stock-based compensation. We continue to expect our full year tax rate will be in line with last year at approximately 29%. And average diluted shares outstanding declined 4% in the quarter as we benefited from repurchases in fiscal '17 and additional buybacks in the quarter. We continue to expect average diluted shares will be down 1% to 2% for the full year. 
 Turning to the balance sheet. Slide 14 shows that our core working capital decreased 8% versus last year's first quarter as the benefit of our terms extension program more than offset higher accounts receivable and inventory. We still see opportunities for further improvement in payables, which should continue to benefit core working capital in fiscal '18. 
 First quarter operating cash flow totaled $590 million, up nearly 60% over the prior year, driven by further improvements in accounts payable as well as changes in trade and incentive accruals. Capital investments in the quarter totaled $116 million. We continue to expect to convert more than 95% of our full year adjusted after-tax earnings into free cash flow. For the quarter, we returned $843 million to shareholders through dividends and net share repurchases. 
 Turning to Slide 16. You can see our expectations for the remainder of the year. As I mentioned upfront, we're encouraged that our execution against our global growth priorities is improving our retail sales trends. We expect this momentum to transit into fiscal '18 organic net sales results that are better in the second quarter than the first quarter and better in the second half than the first half. Part of that improvement will be due to the fact that we'll be in the zone on promotions during key seasons for soup and refrigerated dough and we'll continue to invest behind compelling media campaigns to strengthen our brands. As I mentioned earlier, we expect to lessen the declines on our adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS in the second quarter and to drive growth on those measures in the second half of the year. 
 So let me close my portion of our remarks by reiterating that we remain on track to deliver the fiscal '18 guidance we outlined in July, namely: We expect organic net sales growth to be down between 1% to 2%, which translates to a 200 to 300 basis point improvement over our fiscal '17 performance; we project total segment operating profit growth to be in the range between flat and up 1% on a constant currency basis with adjusted operating profit margins higher than last year; and we expect adjusted diluted EPS will be up between 1% and 2% in constant currency. The one update to our guidance is that we now estimate foreign currency will have $0.01 favorable impact to full year adjusted diluted EPS. 
 With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff for an update on our fiscal '18 growth priorities. 
Jeffrey Harmening: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start my remarks this morning by summarizing 3 main takeaways from our first quarter results. 
 First, our entire company is showing great focus and urgency in executing against our global growth priorities in the first quarter. And we've started to see those efforts gain traction in the marketplace. I can sense the change in momentum as I talk to employees across our company. Now we still have much work to do to return to growth. But our efforts are beginning to pay off, and we're confident in the direction that we're headed. 
 Second, we're going to build on the momentum that we saw in the first quarter as we approach the second quarter. We'll continue to expand successful innovation, like Oui by Yoplait. We'll increase our brand-building investment behind Häagen-Dazs, Nature Valley and our cereal portfolio. And we will drive significant improvement on our performance on soup and refrigerated dough. And third, as Don mentioned earlier, we have a line of sight to delivering on our full year commitments on sales, earnings and cash generation. 
 Now let's review the results we're seeing in the market so far this year, beginning with the broad overview of the U.S. before covering our global growth priorities in more depth. Our first quarter U.S. sales trends improved by more than 300 basis points over the fourth quarter of last year. Our results strengthened each month in the quarter. And that improvement has continued as we've seen the first couple of weeks of data in September. And the improvement is broad-based. 
 80% of our U.S. Retail sales are represented in our top 9 categories. And we're seeing stronger Nielsen trends in almost all of them. Our largest business in the U.S., cereal, improved by almost 200 basis points. And we saw nearly 800 basis points improvement in soup. Hot snacks and fruit snacks both accelerated their growth, delivering 3% and 6% retail sales growth in this quarter, respectively. And although the retail sales for our Mexican business slightly slowed in the quarter, they were still up 4%. Importantly, our broad-based improvement, including better volume performance and positive pricing, drove stronger results for the categories in which we compete in the first quarter. 
 Across our U.S. business, pricing in our categories was up 1% in the first quarter and our pricing was up 2%. And we had positive pricing in 11 of our top 12 categories. Our pricing was up for 2 main reasons. First, our innovation and brand-building efforts helped drive a significant improvement in our baseline sales trends, which measures consumers' willingness to pay at full price for our products. Second, our strong sales force execution drove display and merchandising at higher price points in the quarter. 
 More broadly, we made progress against each of our 4 global growth priorities: growing cereal globally, including the CPW joint venture, behind compelling product news, innovation and advertising investment; improving our U.S. Yogurt performance through fundamental innovation; driving differential growth across several global platforms where we have good top line momentum; and investing in our Foundation brands at appropriate levels to ensure we remain competitive, especially in the key seasons. 
 Let me briefly review some highlights across these priorities, starting with cereal. Our first quarter U.S. cereal sales strengthened throughout the quarter and were down less than 0.5% in the month of August. We continue to see the best results on brands that deliver on consumers' evergreen desire for great taste. Lucky Charms posted 16% retail sales growth behind our first quarter marshmallow event, where we gave away 10,000 boxes of Lucky Charms containing only marshmallows. Reese's Puffs grew retail sales 8% through effective messaging and by expanding availability of different pack formats. And Cinnamon Toast Crunch continued its track record of growth with retail sales up 4.5% in the quarter, behind effective taste messaging and merchandising. We're happy with the improvement in our U.S. Retail sales growth in the first quarter, and we expect cereal net sales and cereal retail sales results to be more in line for the remainder of the year. 
 Our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment delivered low single-digit cereal net sales growth in the quarter. We're seeing strength in our bulk and bowlpack cereals in K-12 schools, lodging, health care and colleges and universities, driven by growth of our granola varieties as well as gluten-free and a "no artificial colors and flavor" news that continues to resonate with foodservice operators and consumers. CPW also posted another quarter of growth behind our Whole Grain Number 1 campaign, which is helping raise awareness of our cereals' wholesome ingredients in markets around the world. 
 Looking ahead to the second quarter. We're excited to announce our next launch in U.S. cereal, Chocolate Peanut Butter Cheerios. Consumers love chocolate and peanut butter flavored cereals. In fact, these 2 flavors combined to generate almost $0.5 billion of U.S. cereal category retail sales, and they're growing. So we're expanding Cheerios, the largest cereal brand in the category, with this new offering. We think this launch is going to be a big hit, so keep an eye out for it in late October at your local grocery store. Also keep an eye out for our seasonal cereal varieties. We're bringing back our successful Pumpkin Spice flavor that we launched last year, and we're expanding our seasonal lineup with Banana Nut Cheerios. 
 Now let's turn to our second global priority: improving U.S. Yogurt through fundamental innovation. I'm pleased to say that our biggest yogurt launch this year, Oui by Yoplait, is off to a great start and exceeding our high expectations. In fact, we're benchmarking our results against the most successful competitive launches in the category in the last 5 years. And through 8 weeks, Oui by Yoplait, is twice as large as the benchmarks. It's still early, but we're seeing very strong trial and the new line already captured more than 1 point of share in the category last month. Oui's success speaks to the power of strong execution, combined with fundamental innovation. We believe this is the recipe needed to return our U.S. Yogurt business to growth. 
 We expect to drive improvement in our U.S. Yogurt business in the second quarter behind increased contributions from innovation, the effective marketing and distribution expansion. On innovation, I just talked about our Oui by Yoplait results. And we're also seeing good performance on our new Yoplait Mix-ins products, which we also launched in July. We think there is distribution upside for both of these new launches. Beyond the second quarter, we'll have more innovation and news on our Go-GURT, Yoplait Original and Annie's lines. 
 We're also supporting our brands with more effective marketing. We're telling families about new, easy opening Go-GURT tubes. And we're starting to see baseline sales improve as that message broadens. And we recently began airing a new Yoplait Mom On campaign on TV and in digital channels that is helping improve our Yoplait Original business performance. Finally, we've secured increased distribution of our organic Liberté line as well Original-style Yoplait products at a few key customers. As a result of these efforts, we expect to significantly reduce our yogurt net sales declines in the second quarter and further improve them in the back half of fiscal 2018. 
 Now let's turn to our differential growth opportunities. Our fiscal '18 plans on Häagen-Dazs call for growth from innovation, geographic expansion and increased media. And we're seeing good results so far. Over the last 12 weeks, this business posted 20% retail sales growth in measured channels across the globe. 
 The U.K., our second-largest ice cream market in retail channels, led the way with 66% growth behind our new mini cups launch, the continued growth of stick bars and our new advertising campaign. And France, our largest retail market, posted 16% growth behind the launch of mini stick bars. And I must admit, an unusually warm summer didn't exactly hurt our European Häagen-Dazs results in the quarter. 
 In the second quarter, we'll continue our rollout of stick bars, mini stick bars and mini cups. We're also launching a number of new mochi flavors this quarter in Asia, including green tea and azuki. And we're drafting off the success we've had with our mochi ice cream and bringing it to moon cakes, which we're launching now for the Mid-Autumn Festival in China. We'll strengthen this innovation news by expanding our brand redesign, which includes new packaging and advertising, into Asia in the second quarter. 
 Our premium ice cream consumers look for a consistent stream of innovation and news, and we feel great about our lineup so far this year. And we'll tell you more about our second half innovation and news on Häagen-Dazs during our second quarter earnings call. 
 LÄRABAR in the U.S., Fiber One in Europe and Nature Valley around the world continue to lead our growth on our global snack bars platform. Nature Valley retail sales were up 8% in the U.S. in the first quarter behind strong innovation and increased media support. Our key launches included Nature Valley Coconut Butter Biscuits, which helped drive 60% growth on our nut butter biscuits line and secured over 2 points of share in the grain category, and Nature Valley XL Protein, which has become one of our biggest launches in our snacks portfolio this year. And both of these launches are benefiting from increased media investment and our new Nature Valley advertising campaign. 
 LÄRABAR continues to deliver excellent growth in the U.S., with retail sales up 33% so far in fiscal 2018, through innovation and media support. Our most recent innovation has included 2 new flavors of the highly incremental LÄRABAR Bites line as well as a new line called LÄRABAR Nut & Seed bars. And our real food messaging continues to increase awareness and penetration of our LÄRABAR products. 
 While we've delivered good growth on Nature Valley and LÄRABAR in the U.S., our Fiber One results in the market have been disappointing with retail sales down more than 20% in the first quarter, driven by distribution declines. We recently introduced a new advertising campaign, which is beginning to have a positive impact. We'll continue supporting this campaign. And we'll bring new product innovation in the second half to improve our momentum on Fiber One. 
 Finally, we're looking to deliver another strong year of growth on snack bars in Europe with our introduction of Nature Valley nut butter biscuits and the continued rollout of Fiber One 90. These efforts are off to a terrific start. Retail sales are up almost 40% in the last 12 weeks. 
 Consumers around the world are increasingly turning to Mexican food to deliver on their desire for convenience, customization and the use of fresh ingredients. As one of the largest Mexican food brands in the world, Old El Paso is well positioned to benefit from these consumer trends. In the first quarter, we generated 4% retail sales growth on Old El Paso in the U.S., while retail sales in Europe and Australia were flat to last year. Looking ahead, we'll strengthen our performance by investing in media, including our Anything Goes campaign in the U.S. and Make it Yours campaign in Europe. We'll also continue to expand our portfolio with new flavors and formats of our Stand 'N Stuff line, including blue corn taco shells and Stand 'N Stuff mini kits. 
 Annie's, our largest Natural & Organic brand, posted 12% retail sales growth in Nielsen-measured outlets in the first quarter. And I already mentioned the outsized growth we continue to deliver on LÄRABAR, our second-largest Natural & Organic brand. Given the size and growth profiles of these 2 businesses, they are driving the majority of our Natural & Organic portfolio's growth. And we think there is room for more. We accelerated LÄRABAR's sales and penetration considerably when we started advertising on TV. So now we're launching our first-ever TV campaign on Annie's. We're keeping our message simple and authentic, in line with the brand essence highlighting the origins of Annie's and why it exists. We began airing this campaign in advance of the back-to-school season, and we're supplementing that support with in-store merchandising. Finally, we're looking forward to expanding our Annie's lineup in the back half with a number of new items in existing categories. 
 Turning to our seasonal businesses. We've talked a lot about getting in the zone on pricing this year. Last year, we missed the mark, particularly on soup and refrigerated dough. So we've taken actions this year to make sure we're more competitive. We're also making investments to bring news and innovation to our Foundation brands. 
 On Pillsbury, we're improving our marketing by launching a terrific new advertising campaign titled [ Made at Home ]. And we're giving consumers more of what they want, more icing on Pillsbury cinnamon rolls. We recently launched a line of organic soups under the Progresso brand. They come in 6 of our most popular recipes, such as chicken noodle, chicken wild rice and tomato basil. 
 And on our desserts line, we're differentiating on shelf with the launch of a more premium version of cakes and cookies, using the brand Betty Crocker Ultimate for a more indulgent line of cookie mixes and Betty's Original for our simple ingredient cake mix line. We're just about to enter a key season for these businesses. And with stronger merchandising and innovation plans in place, we feel much better about our prospects this season. We'll provide an initial read on our progress during our second quarter earnings call. 
 Before I close, I want to quickly touch on our e-commerce results in the quarter. As we shared at Investor Day in July, we're making considerable changes and investments to accelerate our performance in this important emerging channel. We've established a global e-commerce team. We're bringing our leading category management capabilities to bear with our retail partners. And we're leveraging our online intelligence to better serve our consumers as they look for food online. These efforts are beginning to deliver accelerated growth. For example, our e-commerce sales in U.S. Retail were up almost 90% in the first quarter. And we continue to see strong market share performance. In fact, our full basket e-commerce market share was a 140 index to our share in physical stores in the first quarter. That's up from a 120 index in fiscal 2017. 
 With that, let me briefly summarize today's remarks. Though there is still much work to do to get back to growth, we're encouraged by the improvement we saw in our first quarter retail sales trends and the improvement we continue to see as we move into September. We are confident that our retail sales improvement will translate into stronger organic net sales beginning in the second quarter. And this improvement will help generate improved profit and EPS performance as well. And as a result, we remain on track to deliver our full year fiscal '18 targets. 
 With that, let me open the line for questions. Operator, can you please get us started? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays. 
Andrew Lazar: Just first off, I think last quarter, you had talked about expecting positive pricing in the first half of the fiscal year. And even though price was positive in North America Retail in the market, I think as you pointed out, Jeff, in the P&L for North America Retail, pricing, I think, was still down about 2% year-over-year. So I'm trying to get a sense of how much of that was just due to that sort of funky year-over-year trade spend comparison that you noted. And I guess would you expect positive year-over-year pricing maybe as we go into fiscal 2Q in North America Retail segment? 
Donal Mulligan: Yes. Andrew, this is Don. We did come into the year, obviously as you mentioned, with the funky trade expense relationship, which I'm happy to go into a bit more as we talk about gross margins. But I think we do -- as you saw in the first quarter, we saw positive pricing in our retail sales in U.S. We had that reverse because of the trade expense phasing in our P&L. So as the year unfolds and as that trade expense unfavorability unwinds, we will see better pricing come through on our P&L, too, more reflective of what you're seeing in the marketplace. 
Andrew Lazar: Okay. And then you note, obviously, that had probably a pretty significant impact on the gross margin piece as well. Is there any way to help us quantify a little bit about maybe what impact that had on gross margin? 
Donal Mulligan: Sure. Let me maybe talk about gross margin more fully because I'm sure you're not the only one with questions on it. And I guess I'd start with saying that, as Jeff noted in the release and in his remarks, our top line came in as expected. Our bottom line was a little bit short but not materially, not material enough certainly to change our full year expectations. We expected operating profit -- segment operating profit to be down double digits. So the actual results were not materially off of that. And importantly, as I've already said, we continue to hold to our total company SOP guidance for the year with flat to plus 1%, and frankly for each of our segments as well, the guidance we gave in July on margins to be higher in North America C&F and Asia, LatAm still holds, and to be down in EU/AU, driven by the currency-driven inflation on our imported products in the U.K. So both the total company and in each segment, we're holding to the guidance that we provided in July. As we look at the quarter, there were the 3 items that we mentioned: deleverage, the input cost phasing and the trade expense phasing. The volume deleverage was the smallest of those. That was probably 20% of the miss, and then the other 2 were kind of evenly split. But I think the most important thing is as we look forward, we expect improvement in each of those areas. HMM will accelerate as the year unfolds. And that's because we will start to see in the back half, particularly the fourth quarter, the initial benefits of our global sourcing initiative that we began talking about at CAGNY last year. Volume obviously get better as we expect that strong retail sales to flow through into our RNS, our reported sales results. And the year will strengthen, as we have said, throughout Q2. It will be better than Q1. Second half will be better than the first half. And then the trade expense will be lessened as the year unfolds. And in there, we saw higher year-over-year Q1 trade expense. And that was due primarily to North America Retail. And again, this really comes down to accrual accounting. And I have to do a little bit of an accounting detail here because it's an important factor. Trade expense is recognized each quarter based on our estimated annual spending, our actual quarterly shipment volume and estimated quarterly merchandise or promoted cases. It all equals out for the full year, of course. But at times, there can be quarterly variances between in-market spending and the expense on the P&L. Given the actions we were taking in the market last year, Q1 was one of those times. In last year's Q1, as part of our efforts to remove unprofitable trade, we made targeted changes to our back half spending. Those changes impacted what we expensed in Q1, resulting in our reported expense being lower than our in-stores -- than our in-market spending. And that's not the case this year. This year, our in-market spending for the quarter was actually slightly below last year. But due to the expense recognition phasing in F '17, reported trade expense is up in the quarter. And this expense unfavorability will reverse over the course of the year and that will provide margin plus, again, particularly in the back half. And again, while this is very much kind of inside baseball on the accounting side, I think what's important and should be reassuring is our marketplace metrics. Our U.S. average unit price across our categories was up 2%, excluding yogurt. That was 1 point higher than our categories. And that's the more telling side of our merchandising activity in the market. It's also worth noting that we're improving our execution in market and the quality of our merchandising was better in the first quarter with, for example, display up this time versus last year. So there's a number of factors, and as I said going into the year, we had visibility to those. They were baked into our plan. And our visibility to the full year and our confidence on delivering the full year is no different after reporting this quarter than it was when we released guidance in July. 
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Okay, I appreciate that detailed answer, Don. I had literally a very quick one just to follow up for Jeff, if I could, and then I'll pass it on. Just, Jeff, I know this is a self-described kind of reinvestment year. It's all geared, right, to getting the top line going again. I guess does the positive EPS growth expected for the full year versus last year, does it handcuff you at all in terms of the sort of investment that you feel like these brands really need, particularly in light of maybe the weaker, albeit expected, the weaker start to the year? And I guess if not, maybe if you'd just go into a little bit why that would be because that is a question that I get a lot. 
Jeffrey Harmening: So the spending profile we have this year and the guidance we've given for EPS really doesn't handcuff us to do the things that we want to do. In fact, one of the things that I see as I look at the first quarter, I'm pleased that the areas where we've invested in marketing spending, so Nature Valley, for example, which is up 8%; Häagen-Dazs ice cream, which retail sales are up 20%; cereal, where we've closed the gap on growth. The areas where we've invested in consumer spending are the ones where we've seen the best results. And I'm really pleased with our marketing efforts and the quality of our marketing in the first quarter. Our execution has been really good. So the short answer, Andrew, no, the guidance we've set out does not handcuff us to do what we need to do to get our business back to growth -- to get the business back to growth. And the key for us is making sure that as we make investments, we're monitoring whether they're working or not. And so far, what we've seen in the marketplace, whether it's the spending on the brands I just talked about or the innovation on Yoplait, are playing out the way that we had anticipated. And we're really pleased with that. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. 
Kenneth Goldman: Don, one for me. I do appreciate that your total working capital is improving. But your receivables as a percentage of sales have been growing. I think 1Q's level, at least by my model, was the highest in over a decade. And it looks like it's the sixth straight quarter in which this metric has grown year-on-year. There's a lot of concern about retailer versus vendor power and so forth. Can you just walk us through some of the drivers of this receivables trend, how long you think it will last and so forth? 
Donal Mulligan: Yes. Well, I think there's 2 things. There's a longer-term trend and a shorter-term trend. The shorter-term trend that we see, actually both in Q4 and Q1, was our sales strengthened as the quarter unfolded. So the exit rate of our sales was stronger than the average for the quarter, which means we had more shipments late in the year -- late in the quarter, so we had more receivables on the balance sheet just from a timing standpoint. Jeff showed you the chart, for example, of the U.S. Retail sales trends and the improvement every month. So that can happen. That's quarter-to-quarter and it just depends on the phasing. The longer-term one is as we continue to see a mix of our business more international that have longer payment cycles both on the receivables and the payable side, that will have, if you will, a mix effect on it. Our payables is -- our receivables, as you look in each market, are very competitive. It really becomes a mix play over time. And we continue to focus on keeping those at the right level. And again, in our working capital, we think the bigger lever is on our payables side. 
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. So just to be clear, in the U.S. Retail segment, no real meaningful changes to your receivables, except for the one-time timing issue this quarter that you're looking at? 
Donal Mulligan: Yes. No, from -- yes, not at all. 
Kenneth Goldman: Okay, great. And then a quick follow-up for me, Jeff. Obviously, we're talking about e-com a lot more and more these days. With Amazon picking up Whole Foods and Amazon doing what it can, obviously there's a lot of delivery that's growing and the earliest expectations of that. But we're also seeing some food retailers really double down on click and collect. And I'm just wondering from your perspective, is there really any difference in how you would approach the merchandising and the marketing of that? Any difference to the margin? Just trying to get a sense for sort of which of these is better for the vendors, if there's really any difference at all? 
Jeffrey Harmening: Well, so first of all, I appreciate the question on e-commerce. I touched on it because there have been a few things written on e-commerce here in the first quarter. And in July, with investors in the investor meeting, recall that I said, "Look, I like our chances in e-commerce." And I think a few heads kind of looked at me sideways like, "Are you sure?" And what I want to reiterate is that we've seen really good growth in e-commerce, and it's been broad-based. And the question you ask is a good one in that when people think of e-commerce, a lot of times they just think of Amazon. But we have, throughout our customer base, whether it's the likes of Walmart or a Kroger or a lot of our East Coast customers, we have e-commerce sales throughout our customer base. And we're being successful across them. And so whether it's click and collect or whether it's delivery, what you need to know is that when it comes to full basket sales, we feel good about the progress we've made and the shares that we have. In terms of the economics for us on delivery versus click and collect, I'm not going to get deep into it, other than to say that there's not really a difference in the economics for us. And the way we manage our categories across those two is not dramatically different. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson from Deutsche Bank. 
Robert Dickerson: I have two quick questions. The one is just, I guess, in terms of the retail takeaway we're seeing relative to what you're putting up in organic. And it sounds like what you're saying is that as we get through the year, hopefully, they should start to trend together a bit more closely. But I'm just curious like in terms of the, I guess, what you called out as kind of a near-term cereal inventory reduction at retail. Does that -- is that supposed to bounce back or -- I'm just trying to get a sense as to why exactly, going forward, that we shouldn't see incremental organic sales pressure relative to the retail trend, especially as I think you said in the last results call, it seemed like maybe the mix in Nielsen on a pricing basis wasn't as good or was not as good as what you were getting because you're implying that maybe the retailers themselves were taking a little bit of the pricing pressure. So really just one, why they should trend a bit more closely as we go forward? And the two, I guess, is there any change in that retail pricing dynamic with the retailers? 
Jeffrey Harmening: Rob, thanks for that question. This is Jeff. Let me talk to you broadly about retail inventory and let me then talk more specifically about cereal. If you look at retail inventory for the quarter, there really wasn't a change at all as we look across our U.S. portfolio. So there wasn't -- there was not an impact from -- we call it pipeline. But a retail inventory change, there wasn't one at all. But there are differences between categories. So for example, we actually built inventory in our soup business because as we head into the season, we expect our merchandising to increase. Our retail inventory in cereal actually decreased because, as we said in June, we had a build-up in the prior quarter. The reason why -- but our inventory levels in both cases are reasonable. And so as we look ahead, getting to cereal specifically, our reported net sales were down 7% in the quarter. Nielsen was actually only down 1%. And frankly, if you look at where we did in unmeasured channels, which is about another 1 point, our sales were about flat overall on cereal. So there's about a 7 point gap between reported net sales and what we see organic -- our retail sales to be. Of that gap, about half of it is expense timing that Don talked about, our trade expense timing. And the other half is a change in pipeline and really reversal from what we saw the prior quarter. For these reasons, that's why we're confident as we look ahead on cereal. The gap, cereal specifically, the gap between reported net sales and retail sales will close because we know what that expense phasing looks like. And we know that, that will correct itself over time. And we also know that we don't have an extraordinary level of retail inventory. And so we're in a pretty balanced place. And so we would expect that to even out over time. So we've got a pretty good line of sight to both of those things, which gives us confidence to tell you that we're -- the delta between reported net sales and what we see at retail will close. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. 
Christopher Growe: Just had two questions for you. And the first one would be -- and just to kind of follow up on [indiscernible] you gave earlier in the call, Don, around pricing. So as I understand it, you're going to have a little higher promotional spending year-over-year in Q2 and Q3, especially in some of the seasonal categories. Is pricing in that North American division expected be up or down then? There shouldn't be a phasing issue then going forward the next 3 quarters, it sounds like. Am I right in saying that? 
Donal Mulligan: Yes. Well, the trade expense, as it evens out over the course of the year, will actually go from a drag in the first quarter to a plus, particularly a plus in the second half of the year. So that will actually, in terms of our reported sales, will be accretive as the year unfolds. In the marketplace, we will be seeing different dynamics in the second and third quarter on our seasonal businesses than a year ago. So that what you'll see in the marketplace will differ a touch from what you're going to see in our reported sales. But in both cases, certainly in the retail market, we still expect for the full year to be showing neutral to positive pricing. 
Christopher Growe: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a question for you. Overall, there's been a lot of talk and a lot of interest in private label growth currently. We do track that certainly through the IRI database, and I know Nielsen is very similar. But it looks like you've had pretty modest overall private label market share gains in your categories. Do you see any pressure there, any further acceleration? And just curious how you see retailers using that, certainly in your categories. 
Jeffrey Harmening: So Chris, as we look at our categories, the starting point, I would say, is that private label penetration in the categories in which we compete is only about 18% -- or about 10% versus 18% more broadly. So we see lower private label penetration in our categories. What you say really is true in that as we looked over the last 12 months, there have been a couple of categories where we've seen pretty significant growth in private label. But broadly speaking, that hasn't been the case. And those 2 categories, I don't think -- and not consequentially, are in refrigerated dough and in soup, where the fact that we weren't very competitive on merchandising over the last year kind of opened the door. And so as we look at cereal, we don't see a big growth in private label. As we look at yogurt, we don't see a big growth in private label. As we look at bars, we don't see a big growth in private label. And those are areas where we've been more competitive, and we like our innovation and our marketing. And so what I would say is, look, the challenge of private label will be there, in fact internally we call them retail brands. So it's something we take seriously. But your remark is right in that we don't see broad-based growth in private label in our categories, really a couple. And other than that, when we do our job on innovation and marketing and we get our price points right, we're able to compete very effectively with retail brands. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. 
Jason English: I want to come back -- not to beat a dead horse, but I want to make come back to make sure I really understand this trade spend accrual. Can you give us some quantification of how much that impact was on your net price for North America this quarter? 
Jeff Siemon: So our net price -- Jason, this is Jeff Siemon. Our net price in North America was down 2 points. And I think the trade expense phasing was the full amount of that on rough terms. 
Jason English: That's helpful. So let's say your net price in the segment would have been neutral absent that noise. I think Jeff pointed to retailers -- your price at retail up 2%. Per Rob's question earlier, you mentioned that last year, retailers were effectively subsidizing some of your prices. So your net price wasn't as negative as what we're seeing in retail. It looks like that's slipped. So are you now seeing retailers effectively take margin on you and try to reverse some of that? And if so, is that something we should expect to continue on the forward? 
Jeffrey Harmening: No. Retail margin changes wasn't really a big driver in the quarter for us. I mean, what really -- if you look at retail sales, what drove our positive pricing was a combination of 2 things I talked about. One is our baseline sales outpaced our growth overall. So we saw a 300 basis point improvement in our overall sales. But our everyday sales were up 450 basis points. And the other thing that drove it was we got really good quality merchandising. We had good display merchandising at higher price points. And that's really what drove our pricing improvement over the last quarter. And the reason why you don't see that translate into reported net sales is what Don talked about earlier, which is the trade expense phasing. And so that really is the reason why you see the results that we posted in the first quarter. 
Jason English: Okay, that's helpful. One more question, I'll pass it on. There's clearly been a bit of a disconnect between what your expectations are and what The Street's expectations are as illustrated by results this quarter. Can we help close that gap? So can you give us a little bit more color in terms of what you're expecting for the second quarter? You mentioned sort of sequential improvement. But are we still talking about a down year-on-year quarter? And then for the full year, the path to margin progression, what are your expectations on gross margin for the full year? 
Donal Mulligan: Yes. So Jason, as we said at the beginning of the year, our expectation is that we're going to see sales sequentially improve first quarter to second quarter, first half to second half. And we expect profit to be down in the first half and then positive profit growth in the second half. And that's still our expectation. And it's driven -- for the 3 factors I mentioned, that in terms of our margin, the expansion that we're going to get between HMM and inflation is going to be strongest in the second half, particularly the fourth quarter as global sourcing contributes to a greater extent. The sales strength and the volume associated with that will give us less volume deleverage as the year unfolds, and then the trade expense reversal. So we still expect -- and the trade expense reversal, to be clear, is primarily in the back half because, again, last year, as we eliminated the trade, it was really a back half trade elimination. So the comparisons are going to be -- are most acute in a positive sense this year in the back half of the year. So that guidance still holds. We expect our operating profit and our EPS to be down again in Q2 and then turn positive in the second half of the year. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Lavery: Just wanted to touch on -- you mentioned as part of your yogurt initiatives, you've gotten expanded distribution on Yoplait Original. Can you give a little more color there? Is that already in place? How significant is that upside? Was -- is it replacing? Is it regaining lost distribution? Or is it purely incremental? Can you just help us understand? That's been a part of the business that's had some pressure, and it sounds like it's not Oui that you're referring to, obviously. So can you just help us understand what's happening there? 
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. So as we look at our yogurt business, let me go broad picture and then I'll work it down a little bit more on Yoplait Original distribution. Broadly speaking, what we said this year for our yogurt business to get better is that we needed our innovation to work. And we're pleased by that, both on Oui and our yogurt Mix-ins. And we needed to see some improvement in our Yoplait Original and our Go-GURT businesses because -- we needed to see those because we're going to see declines in Yoplait Light and Greek 100. And so we're seeing the declines in Yoplait Light and Greek 100. Our innovation has worked the way we expected. And we're starting to see improvements in our Yoplait Original and our Go-GURT business. The Go-GURT trends have really accelerated dramatically in the last few weeks because we've introduced some new innovation on our existing business, easier-opening tubes with some really good marketing. So we've seen that accelerate faster. And we're now starting to see an impact from distribution growth on Yoplait Original. And that's really only been recently and will accelerate in the second quarter. And so I would anticipate that our distribution on Yoplait Original will improve in the second quarter from where it was in the first quarter, and we should see the results follow. Some of that is going to be replacement of things that weren't as successful. So as we see declines in distribution on Yoplait 100 and on Yoplait Light, it certainly won't be all incremental distribution, but we expect some of it to be incremental because some retailers probably cut back too far on Yoplait Original in the past. So some of it will be incremental, but certainly not all of it. Some of it will be replacing what we've lost in Yoplait Light and Greek 100. 
Michael Lavery: And so is it, on a net basis for your total yogurt portfolio, a reshuffling? Or do you have some of these retailers where you're expecting a net increase in your total shelf space on the yogurt side? 
Jeffrey Harmening: Yes. Our yogurt shelf space now is down from where it was a year ago, and that we expected. But we also expect that, that position will improve throughout the year. And we continue to expect that in everything we see. Based on what we see now in the second quarter and what we anticipate from our new product innovation in the back half, we'd say that our distribution will improve as the year unfolds. Whether it's gets to positive or not, I don't know. But it will improve from where it currently is as the year progresses. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. 
Pamela Kaufman: This is actually Pam Kaufman on the line for Matt. I was just wondering if you could elaborate on what drove the softer performance in the Focus 6 platforms in the Convenience and Foodservice segment. It seems like there was a moderation there versus what we've seen recently. 
Donal Mulligan: Yes, Pam, this is Don. There was a couple of factors. One is that -- just as we've seen, as Jeff was talking about with our U.S. Yogurt business, as we see some of our positions in Light and in Greek, as you've seen those negative trends in the U.S., we're starting to see a little bit of that in our foodservice business as well. We think there's an opportunity to launch Oui and get some presence in Oui in our foodservice segment. And we think that will help reverse it and continue to drive our Parfait Pro business. More importantly, as we look forward, we continue to see terrific performance in our cereal business, and we're going to grow on that. And we actually have seen that as the school year has started. We're getting terrific take on our products, continue to get terrific take on our college and universities. And then most importantly, if you remember last year, we talked about the fact that we didn't really have a good bid season with the K-12 frozen breakfast. We missed some windows. And this year, we were able to get those accounts back. And we obviously started shipping that as the school year started. So we will see that strengthen as the year -- as the second quarter starts. And those are the things that are going to turn the Focus 6. We still expect Focus 6 to be a contributor to sales this year and show sales growth. We think cereal, we think our frozen business, and we think our snacks business in C-store can contribute as well as we get presence with some of the Nature Valley innovation that we've driven in retail, like the cups business. So we still feel good about it. It was a quarter that the sales weren't as strong we'd like, clearly, but it doesn't diminish our expectations for the full year. And frankly, we think we'll start seeing that strength return in Q2. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow: I think the major concern that a lot of people have about what's happening at grocery in your categories is breakfast cereal, because we saw the dispute in canned soup affect Campbell quite a bit with one major retailer. And I guess with breakfast cereal consumption down so much, my question is, do you have to do more for the trade to persuade them to maintain shelf space for your items, maintain shelf space for the category? And the discrepancy in the trade spending in the quarter, it just seems to reflect that, like the big difference between your negative 7% on shipments for cereal and the negative 1% in retail. Is there more you're having to do for the trade in this category than your other categories? Or is that just optics? 
Jeffrey Harmening: Well, Rob, look, it's a fair question and I certainly understand it. But it really is just optics. The reason for -- I'm not getting into soup. But for cereal, the fact is that the difference between what you see in reported net sales and what we actually saw in retail was really the 2 things I said, it was the change in retailer inventory and the phasing of trade expense, which does not mean more trade expense or deeper trade expense, it really just is a timing issue. And so look, I understand the concern and I understand the broader narrative. But when it comes to cereal, that really hasn't been the case for us. The results you see and the discrepancy is really as I described. And so while I understand the question, I just want to be clear that we know those things that drove the difference. And we see those -- that gap closing as the year unfolds. 
Operator: And our next question is from the line of John Baumgartner from Wells Fargo. 
John Baumgartner: Jeff, I'd like to touch on yogurt and snack bars. I mean, you're clearly very active on the innovation front this year. But in more at the category level, those 2 really strike me as having become very over-SKU-ed and the velocities now are also softening. So I'm curious in your view, what gets retailers to begin adjusting these shelf sets, stripping out the underperformers that are dilutive to growth? And how much influence do you have in terms of the category [ captaincy ] to influence that? I'm just trying to think through some of the exogenous factors here going forward. 
Jeffrey Harmening: So let me -- you asked a series of questions. I will try to make sure that I hit all of them. If I don't, please follow up. But when we look at snacks for bars and for yogurt, I mean, they really are driven by innovation and constant innovation and news. And as we look at the yogurt section itself, it has expanded over time. I'm not sure that yogurt is over-SKU-ed. But certainly, it's expanded so much as new innovation comes to the market, I don't think we'll see the same level of expansion in that category and distribution that we have seen. So the key really is to have the best innovation brought to the marketplace. And there probably are some underperforming SKUs that can be taken out, some of which are ours, which I talked about Light and Greek 100. But some are competitors as well. And so that's why it's critical for us that we have good, new product innovation in yogurt as well as good news on our established brands, which we feel like we have now. And we see our retail trend starting to improve, and we expect them to improve more. While we are satisfied that we made progress in the first quarter, we are not satisfied in the absolute, either for our yogurt business or overall. When we get back to growth, then we'll be more satisfied. So when it comes to the snack bars, the bars category is still growing, when you look at nutrition bars and grain bars. And certainly, the key for us is that we have brands that are growing within that Nature Valley, which is the largest in the bars category, and LÄRABAR. And those 2 are providing a significant amount of growth in bars, just those 2 brands alone. And so again, like yogurt, the key for us in bars is making sure we have good, new product innovation as well as terrific marketing on our established brands. And we feel like we have both of those on Nature Valley and LÄRABAR. And we're working to get that on Fiber One. 
Jeff Siemon: I think that's all the time we have. Everyone, please, I know we didn't get quite to everybody in the queue, I imagine. So please feel free to give me a ring. I'm on the phone all day today. With that, I think we'll wrap up. Thanks. Thanks, Sarah. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-06-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Siemon - Vice President, Investor Relations Jeff Harmening - Chief Executive Officer Don Mulligan - Chief Financial Officer Ken Powell - Chairman and Former Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Ken Goldman - JPMorgan David Driscoll - Citi Jason English - Goldman Sachs Bryan Spillane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Chris Growe - Stifel
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Mills Quarter Four Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, June 28, 2017. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Nelson and good morning everyone. I am here with Jeff Harmening, our new CEO and Don Mulligan, our CFO. Also here is Ken Powell, our current Chairman and former CEO, who will share a few remarks in a moment. Before I turn the call over to them, let me cover our usual housekeeping items. Our press release on fourth quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. I’ll remind you that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions. The second slide in today’s presentation list factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And before we get to our usual earnings commentary, I would like to turn the call over to Ken Powell, who last month wrapped up 10 years leading General Mills as CEO and he was continuing on as the Chairman of the Board for an interim period. We don’t have time this morning to cover all of Ken’s accomplishments over the past 10 years nor what he want us to. So, we will stick to just one that is near and dear to our hearts, shareholder return. During Ken’s tenure as CEO, total return for General Mills’ shareholders grew at an 11% compound rate, 350 basis points ahead of the broader market. So as a shareholder and an employee, I would like to say thank you for your leadership Ken and congratulations.
Ken Powell: Well, thanks Jeff and good morning to all of you. First of all, let me say what a great honor it’s been to serve General Mills as CEO during the past 10 years. This is a great company with an outstanding culture of integrity, a powerful mission, a steadfast commitment to shareholders, and a never ending focus on serving our consumers. And it really has been an honor for me to serve such a terrific organization and I look forward to continuing to serve as Chair of the Board. I am pleased with how General Mills has evolved over the past decades. We are far more global. We have added many on-trend brands to the portfolio. We have a much leaner operating structure and we have made many important strides in our commitment to the environment and sustainability. And all the while, we have continued to attract and retain the best talent in our industry. Thanks to our strong values and our performance culture. As I look at General Mills today, it’s clear that we compete in a challenging era where the pace of change is greater than ever. And to win in this environment, it is absolutely imperative that we deliver innovation-driven top line growth. And you will see that from Jeff and Don as they take you through our presentation this morning and you will hear more detail at our Investor Day event on July 12. And finally, I want to thank our investors and the analyst community for your commitment to our industry and for your candid and constructive engagement with General Mills management. We appreciate everything you do and I know that Jeff and his team look forward to working closely with you in the years ahead. So, with that, I will turn the call over to Jeff Harmening.
Jeff Harmening: Thank you, Ken and thank you for your leadership and your service to General Mills and thanks for providing outstanding guidance and mentorship to me over the years. I am honored to be taking the reigns and I am excited to write the next chapter of a book that spans a 150 years history of this great company. I am looking forward to continuing the track record of value creation that both you and your predecessors have delivered for General Mills’ shareholders. Now, let’s turn back to the business for this morning’s call. Fiscal ‘17 was a year of significant change for General Mills. We implemented a new global organization structure, continued our journey to become a truly global food company. We also accelerated some important cost savings efforts to improve our efficiency. These efforts went according to plan and we are happy with those results. But it’s clear some actions did not go according to plan. We have pulled back too far our investment in some key categories and our overall execution was not up to our normal standards. Our sales and profit suffered as a result. Still we were able to deliver 6% constant currency growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share and we returned $2.7 billion in cash to our shareholders. As we look forward, our top priority for fiscal ‘18 is to make significant strides toward returning our business to sustainable top line growth. Our plans call for investment and product news and innovation to accelerate growth for businesses where we have positive momentum and to improve those that are underperforming. We will also increase investment in capabilities like e-commerce and strategic revenue management, which are critical for growth today and will be in the future. With the biggest changes to our global structure and our supply chain now behind us, we expect to get back to executional excellence this year. These efforts will help us to deliver 200 to 300 basis point improvement in our net sales trends in 2018 compared to our 2017 results. On the bottom line, we expect profit and earnings per share growth to reflect strong cost savings partially offset by volume declines and investments I just mentioned. We have made significant progress to expand our adjusted operating profit margin over the past two years. We continue to see opportunities for future of margin expansion, including an increase in adjusted operating profit margin in fiscal 2018. But we will moderate the pace of expansion as we invest to restore top line growth. Looking forward, we are focused on delivering a balance of sales growth and margin expansion, along with strong cash conversion and cash returns to create top tier returns for our shareholders. With that as the back drop, let me turn it over to Don to review our fiscal 2017 financials and provide details on our 2018 guidance.
Don Mulligan: Thanks, Jeff and good morning, everyone. Let’s jump right into our fiscal ‘17 financial performance starting with the fourth quarter results summarized on Slide 9. Net sales totaled $3.8 million, down 3% on a reported and organic basis. Total segment operating profit totaled $673 million, up 4% in constant currency. Net earnings increased 8% to $409 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.69 as reported. Adjusted diluted EPS, which excludes certain items affecting comparability, was $0.73. Constant currency adjusted diluted EPS increased 14% versus a year ago. Slide 10 shows the components of total company net sales growth in the quarter. Organic pound volume reduced net sales growth by 7 points and was partially offset by 4 points of positive mix and net price realization. Now, let me turn to full year fiscal ‘17 financial results. Net sales totaled $15.6 billion, down 6% as reported and down 4% on an organic basis. Total segment operating profit totaled $3 billion even, down 1% in constant currency. Net earnings decreased 2% to $1.7 billion and diluted earnings per share were $2.77 as reported. Adjusted diluted EPS was $3.08, up 6% in constant currency. For our North America retail segment, organic net sales declined 4% in the fourth quarter, an improvement over the third quarter trend as we saw better performance in measured and non-measured channels. Full year organic net sales were down 5%. At the operating unit level, U.S. snacks posted net sales growth of 1% in the fourth quarter, an improvement over last quarter led by growth in Annie’s, Nature Valley, and Larabar, which offset declines in Fiber 1. Cereal net sales were down 1% in the quarter, with growth on Lucky Charms, Cinnamon Toast Crunch and Cheerios offset by declines on Chex and Kix. U.S. meals and baking net sales decreased 1% in the quarter, with growth on Totino’s hot snacks offset by declines on Pillsbury refrigerated dough. The full year net sales decline for U.S. meals and baking was due to the divestiture of Green Giant business in fiscal ‘16 as well as declines on soup and refrigerated dough. Canada constant currency net sales increased 2% in the quarter, with growth on Old El Paso and Betty Crocker. Full year Canada constant currency net sales declined 2% due entirely to the Green Giant divestiture. U.S. yogurt net sales declined 22% in the quarter and 18% for the full year. Constant currency segment operating profit growth increased 9% in the fourth quarter behind benefits from net price realization and reduced media expenses. Full year constant currency operating profit declined 2% reflecting the impact of the Green Giant divestiture. Fourth quarter organic net sales for our Convenience Stores & Foodservice segment were comparable to last year. This was the third consecutive quarter of sequential improvement. Full year segment organic net sales declined 3% with 2% growth on our Focus 6 platforms led by mid single-digit growth on cereal and yogurt, offset market index pricing on bakery flour and declines on frozen dough products. Segment operating profit grew 6% for the full year, driven by lower input costs and benefits from our cost savings efforts. In Europe and Australia, organic net sales decreased 9% in the quarter and 4% for the full year. Remember that last year’s fourth quarter included an extra month of results for Yoplait Europe as we aligned that business to our fiscal calendar. Excluding the difference, organic net sales would have been up low single-digits in the quarter led by growth in Häagen-Dazs and Nature Valley. Constant currency segment operating profit declined 26% in the fourth quarter and 9% for the fiscal year, impacted by the difference in reporting periods. Excluding the extra period, Europe and Australia operating profit was down mid single-digits for the full year due to currency driven inflation on imported products in the UK. In our Asia and Latin America segment organic net sales grew 8% in the fourth quarter including a double digit percentage benefit from an extra month of results from Brazil as we aligned that business to our fiscal calendar. Good growth in China and India was offset by the continued challenging environment in Latin America. Full year organic net sales increased to 3%. Segment operating profit declined $5 million in the quarter reflecting higher SG&A expense. For the full year segment operating profit increased to $84 million from $69 million a year ago. Turning to the full year joint venture results on Slide 16, CPW’s fiscal ‘17 net sales grew 3% in constant currency with growth across all regions. Häagen-Dazs Japan constant currency net sales increased 8% for the full year driven by continued momentum on recent innovation. Combined after tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $85 million for the year, down $3 million versus last year primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency and an asset write-off for CPW, which were partially offset by volume gains on Häagen-Dazs Japan. Constant currency after tax earnings were down $5 million. We delivered on our cost saving goals for the year with cost of goods sold HMM savings totaling $390 million and aggregate savings from our previously announced projects totaling $540 million. These cost savings more than offset inflation which rounded down to 1% for the full year and help to drive strong margin expansion. Full year fiscal ‘17 adjusted gross margin was up 50 basis points and adjusted operating profit margin increased 130 basis points to 18.1% of net sales. Turning to the balance sheet, our quarterly core working capital increased 9% year-over-year as the timing of receivables and higher inventory balances were partially offset by continued progress on accounts payable. Despite the increase in core working capital this fiscal year end, we made significant progress in reducing core working capital over the last 5 years. Since 2012 while net sales are up mid single-digits, we have driven core working capital down by over 50%. And importantly, we expect our receivables and inventory balances to normalize in fiscal ’18. In addition, we still see opportunities for further benefits from payables which together should drive down our core working capital this year. Full year operating cash flow was $2.3 billion, down 12% from the year ago, driven by the higher core working capital balance, changes in income taxes payable and lower incentive trade and advertising costs. Fiscal ‘17 capital investments totaled $684 million as a result full year free cash flow was $1.6 billion or 86% of our adjusted after tax earnings. Over the last 3 years our cumulative free cash flow represents 97% of adjusted after tax earnings above our 95% conversion target. And we expect fiscal ’18 cash conversion to be above that 95% as well. We paid $1.1 billion in dividends in fiscal ‘17 and dividends per share were $1.92, up 8% from last year. Net share repurchases totaled $1.5 billion and we reduced average diluted shares outstanding by 2% for the full year. Slide 20 highlights our key assumptions for fiscal ‘18, industry trends in the U.S. in the last few quarters have been challenging and we are not planning for a significant turnaround in those trends this year. We expect our organic net sales trends will steadily improve from the first quarter to the second and improve again in the back half. We estimate we will deliver cost of goods sold HMM savings of approximately $390 million, which will more than offset input cost inflation of 3%. And we will generate $700 million of savings for our previously announced projects of roughly $160 million above fiscal ‘17 levels. Turning on Slide 21 you can see a summary of our fiscal 2018 guidance. We expect organic net sales to decline between 1% and 2%. We plan to increase media investment for the year. We project total segment operating profits to be in the range between flat and up 1% on a constant currency basis. As Jeff mentioned upfront, we plan to expand our adjusted operating profit margin in fiscal ‘18. We expect both interest expense and our adjusted tax rate to be in line with fiscal ‘17 levels. We are targeting a net reduction of 1% to 2% in average diluted shares outstanding. We expect full year adjusted diluted earnings per share to be up between 1% and 2% in constant currency with EPS down in the first half reflecting lower sales and the phasing of our cost savings initiatives and brand investments. EPS will be up in the second half as sales trends improve. We estimate foreign currency will be $0.01 headwind to full year adjusted diluted EPS in 2018. And finally as I mentioned earlier, we are targeting to convert more than 95% of our adjusted after tax earnings to free cash flow this year. Now, I will turn over to Jeff to provide more color on our fiscal ‘18 plans.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks Don. As we enter fiscal ’18, it is critical that we improve our top line performance across our businesses, but specially here in the U.S. We began to see some improvement in our U.S. retail sales trends in the fourth quarter of fiscal ‘17. While our yogurt declines continued in the quarter as we expected we saw about a 1.5 point improvement in retail sales trends on the remainder of our businesses. With the best results in May driven by strong merchandising execution and lower price gaps. And we expect to drive further improvement over the course of fiscal 2018. As we shift our focus to 2018, we remain committed to our Consumer First strategy and our growth and foundation segmentation, but we now we need to make some executional changes to improve our top line performance. For example, we are leveraging our new global organization structure to make global prioritization decisions on our biggest growth platforms such as Häagen-Dazs ice cream, snack bars and natural and organic. We are investing in our brands with increased media spending and a higher level or new product innovation. And we will be in the zone on promotions and merchandising on key seasonal businesses like soup and refrigerated dough. And we will leverage our capabilities to win with growing channels and customers in the U.S. and around the world. As I mentioned our new global structure is allowing us to make global prioritization decisions. For fiscal 2018 we have identified four global priorities that are most critical to improve our top line growth trends. First, we plan to grow our global cereal platform including CPW behind compelling product news, innovation and advertising investment. Second, we expect to improve our U.S. yogurt performance through fundamental innovation. Third, we will invest to drive differential growth across several global platforms where we have good top line momentum already. And fourth, we will manage our foundation brands with appropriate levels of investment. Now, let me walk you through each of these priorities in a little more detail to give you better picture of our plans for fiscal 2018. There are four pieces to our global cereal platform. In fiscal ‘17, we grew net sales for cereal partners worldwide and our Convenience stores and Foodservice business. And we grew market share for a Canadian cereal business. While our U.S. retail cereal net sales were down 3%, our focus in fiscal ‘18 is to improve our U.S. retail performance while continuing to grow in the other three areas. We will do that by investing behind wellness and taste news which are two trends driving growth in the cereal globally. Our U.S. Cereal portfolio is advantaged when it comes to wellness. Our entire line has whole grain as the number one ingredient. We removed artificial flavors and colors from almost every product. And we have the largest gluten-free portfolio in the category. In fiscal ‘18, we are going to leverage our wellness advantage by investing behind a new campaign across the Big G franchise called Good, starts with G. We are using TV and digital media to highlight our great taste from real ingredients, our whole grain, our fiber content and our large gluten-free portfolio. For the digital component, we are using precision targeting to tailor our messages to individual consumers with an emphasis on Hispanic families and empty nesters. Wellness news was the key driver of CPW’s growth last year. This year, we are increasing our media investment in wellness campaigns like whole grain number one, which is helping raising awareness of our cereals wholesome ingredients in markets around the world. We are also investing behind Cheerios campaigns that highlight the good ingredients we use, the wellness benefits consumers receive and the causes they support by buying our products. In the U.S., that includes our most recent Cheerios campaign called Good Goes Round. And in Canada, we will continue to support our effort to bring back the Bs. Wellness news is also working on our Foodservice cereal business, with net sales up mid single-digits last year driven by our K-12 schools and college and universities. We will leverage our gluten-free news and our market leading granola portfolio to drive further growth in these channels in fiscal 2018. It’s also important to note that great taste is also helping to drive growth in cereal. So, in fiscal ‘18, we will invest behind taste news across our U.S. and international brands. For an instance, on Lucky Charms, taste news is all about the marshmallows. We drove 3% retail sales growth on Lucky Charms in the U.S. this past year and we have an even stronger plan for fiscal ‘18 with four quarters of marshmallow news. In our first quarter promotion, we are offering a limited number of lucky consumers, a chance to win Lucky Charms’ Holy Grail, a box of Lucky Charms with only marshmallows. Sadly, General Mills’ employees are not eligible to win. The popularity of Reese’s Puffs continued in fiscal ‘17 delivering 7% retail sales growth in the U.S. Reese’s Puffs’ consumers love chocolate and peanut butter flavor and really love the connection to their favorite sweet snack. So, we are investing in consumer messaging in 2018 to tap into that Reese’s brand love. Cinnamon Toast Crunch has delivered 6% compound retail sales growth over the past 3 years. So, we are going to build on the success with a significant expansion of our Toast Crunch portfolio. We are introducing three new flavors, strawberry, blueberry and apple cinnamon that deliver exceptional taste and will invest in TV and digital advertising, coupons and in-store merchandising to generate awareness for the expanded franchise. And finally, our taste cereals and CPW are also driving growth. And we will look to extend that success in fiscal ‘18. For example, we will expand our recent launch of Lion Wild into new geographies and channels. So by investing in our wellness and taste news and increasing our level of new product innovation, we believe that we can generate growth for our global cereal portfolio in fiscal 2018. We continue to believe that U.S. yogurt is an attractive growth category, with per capita consumption still well below levels in Western Europe and Canada. We help build the category over the last four decades by bringing fundamental innovation that introduced new benefits and expanded yogurt’s consumer base. For instance, we developed blended yogurts that improved the taste profile of the category. We led the development of the light segment with Yoplait Light, targeted toward weight managers and we led the kids segment by creating yogurt in a tube. But we were late to respond as Greek yogurt developed early in this decade and our sales have suffered as a result. It is clear that our path to returning our U.S. yogurt unit to growth is to get back to leading fundamental innovation that helps build new segments and bring new consumers to the category. So, let me introduce to you, We by Yoplait. This is a new style of yogurt to the U.S. market and has its roots in our French heritage. We use the traditional French recipe with whole milk and real fruit and flavors carefully cultured in glass jars over an 8-hour period. The resulting product is delicate and smooth and satisfies consumers’ growing interest in yogurts that deliver remarkable taste with just a few simple ingredients. We have created a full line of 8 delicious flavors and we are leveraging our scale to deliver our product at a price point that is premium, but affordable. We are supporting this launch with a full surround of TV and digital advertising as well as in-store sampling. We by Yoplait will lead the development of an emerging yogurt segment, which we call, Simply Better. This is an important step in improving our U.S. yogurt performance, reshaping our portfolio and helping the category return to growth. These products are beginning shipping this week. So, look for them soon in your local stores. In addition to building new yogurt segments, we are expanding our portfolio into fast growing emerging segments in the category. One of these is organic yogurts. We have entered the segment last year with Annie’s and Liberté. These products are performing well on shelf and we are focusing on continuing to build distribution in 2018. And we will expand our portfolio with innovation on Annie’s in the back half of the year. We also see an opportunity to drive growth with yogurt products that target snacking occasion. This year, we are expanding our yogurt snacking portfolio by launching 6 flavors of Yoplait mix sense, which bring a fun snacking option to the taste-oriented consumer who loves traditional Yoplait yogurt. We are excited about these initiatives, but they will only represent a portion of the news and innovation pipeline that we have developed for U.S. yogurt. We will talk more about some more initiatives at Investor Day and throughout the year. Our third global priority centers on four global platforms, where we see differential growth opportunities. They are Häagen-Dazs ice cream, snack bars, primarily under Nature Valley, Fiber 1 and Larabar brands, Old El Paso Mexican foods and our platform of natural and organic brands in North America. Collectively, these platforms represent roughly $4 billion in net sales and we see great prospects for growth for fiscal ‘18. On Häagen-Dazs, we have a leading super premium brand in the large and fast growing global ice cream category and we have excellent manufacturing and distribution scale. We see considerable opportunity for Häagen-Dazs to grow penetration through new occasions, to expand existing product line through innovation, and to enter into new geographies. The impulse segment is the largest and one of the fastest growing segments in the ice cream category and we have just recently entered with our line of stick bars. Their performance helped drive double-digit retail sales growth in Europe last year. In fiscal ‘18, we have planned to aggressively expand stick bar distribution around the world and we have launched new many stick bars to continue our growth. We also continue to innovate in our core cup and pint lines. We are rolling out of the host of new products this year like mini cups in the UK and fruit and flower flavors in Asia. And we have incremental growth opportunities for Häagen-Dazs through geographic expansion. Last year, we launched the brand in Australia, one of the highest ice cream consumption markets in the world. It’s off to a great start and we will continue to expand the brand’s awareness and distribution presence in fiscal ‘18. Turning to snack bars, we see tremendous opportunities for growth on our brands both in the U.S. and internationally. In fiscal ‘18 we are increasing our innovation levels on Natural Valley and U.S. retail outlets, with plans to launch more than 20 new items. We are getting behind coconut, one of the fastest growing flavors in snack bars with their launch of toasted coconut sweet and salty nut bars and coconut butter Nature Valley biscuit sandwiches. We also recently brought Nature Valley granola cups to Convenience stores and Foodservice channels and they are off to a great start. And we are supporting all of this activity with a double-digit increase and media on the brand. We are also extending our long track record of growth on Larabar. We are launching a crunchy line of Larabar nut and seed bars and we are also bringing news to the highly incremental Larabar Bites line with two new flavors caramel sea salt and Chocolate Hazelnut. We are increasing our Larabar consumer investment double digits and we are targeting a 30% increase in distribution this year. The snack bar categories in Europe and Australia is also large, still pursuing the same innovation led strategy in Europe that made us market leaders in the U.S. Innovation on Fiber 1 and renovation on our Nature Valley protein lines drove strong double digit retail sales growth on snack bars in Europe this year. This year we are borrowing another highly successful U.S. innovation by launching Nature Valley nut butter biscuits, which will hit shelves in the UK this fall. Retail sales for Old El Paso grew in the U.S., Canada and Europe last year driven by great innovation and marketing that highlights the brand’s convenience, taste and connection to fresh ingredients. Our Stand 'N Stuff innovation has led growth for the brand and we are continuing to innovate on this platform finding new ways to create new eating occasions. We launched Stand 'N Stuff minis in Europe last year to help consumers to create taco advertisers and this year we are introducing Stand 'N Stuff mini kits to help consumers to create taco tastings with a variety of sauces and ingredients included on the kits. We are also supporting the brand around the world with strong levels of media. Our net sales for our North America natural and organic portfolio including our fast growing Liberté brand in Canada have already reached more than $1 billion and there is still room to grow. For example, Annie’s, our largest natural and organic brand grew penetration almost 60% last year, entered four new categories nationally and grew distribution by double digits yet at only 16% household penetration, significant upside remains. We have a broad set of plans in fiscal ‘18 across our natural and organic platform. I already mentioned our plans on Larabar and our U.S. yogurt brands. On Annie’s we are growing in snacks including our recent entry into ready to eat popcorn and we will continue this rollout in fiscal ’18. In Canada, we are launching Liberté Crunch which combines crunchy inclusions with Liberté’s market leading Greek yogurts. Net sales for our Epic Provisions brand of natural meat snacks doubled last year. We have recently launched jerky sticks and expanded into salty snacks and we are continuing to grow distribution for this on trend brand. In total, we are excited about these differential growth platforms and our segments have put sufficient resources behind them to accelerate their growth in fiscal 2018. Our fourth priority is managing our foundation brands with appropriate levels of investment. We missed the mark last year on our promotional spending on soup and refrigerated dough. So in fiscal ‘18 is to be – our goal is to be in the zone on pricing during the key season. We are not looking to win on price and we won’t go back to the levels of investment from 2 years ago. But we know we need to be more competitive this year. In addition, we are continuing to invest in targeted consumer news where we see strong returns. This fall we are launching a line of organic soups under the Progresso brand, combining our organic expertise with Progresso’s top soup flavors. And we are taking refrigerated dough out of the can with two new varieties of Pillsbury pizza dough. In addition to our four global growth priorities, I mentioned that we are investing in capabilities and focused on winning with growing channels and customers in 2018. One example of this is e-commerce. We have a strong e-commerce team who has invested in tools and capabilities and secured strategic partnerships with leading e-commerce retailers. As a result our e-commerce sales grew 62% in the U.S. last year, 32% globally and our market shares online over indexed versus our market shares in bricks-and-mortar. Shawn O'Grady will provide more details on our e-commerce capabilities globally at our Investor Day in two weeks. So let me close today’s remarks by summarizing our key messages. Fiscal ‘17 was a challenging year, but we finished the fourth quarter in line with our expectations with organic net sales improvement in three of our four operating segments. In fiscal ‘18 we are investing in our brands and capabilities to significantly improve our top line growth trends. We are moderating the pace of margin expansion as we focus on top line improvement. And we remain committed to our Consumer First strategy and our shareholder return model which balances sales growth and margin expansion with a disciplined focus on cash. With that we will open up the call for questions. Operator, can you please get us started.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning everybody and congratulations again Ken.
Ken Powell: Hi. Thank Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Two quick questions for me if I could, I guess first off, I want to go back to the outlook for ‘18, I think you discussed not assuming category trends that will differ much or will be similar to what you saw in fiscal ‘17 and – so I am trying to get a sense if that’s based on just a follow-up process that that’s where trends are now and I guess I am getting at is there an understanding by let’s say General Mills or even the industry as a whole of maybe what’s cause this more significant down shift in the industry category trends through the beginning of this calendar year or is that expectation now based on a more let’s say data based understanding of, this is really the underlying rate of where category growth is going to be for the foreseeable future, maybe the first one?
Jeff Harmening: So Andrew what I will say is that our assumptions for category growth are based on our projections as we look forward and wanting to make sure that we are reasonable on our assumptions as we look for our growth in fiscal ‘18. And our 200 basis point to 300 basis point improvement in our sales trends is really on trying to hit on being more competitive in the categories that we are in and not expecting our categories to improve dramatically, so it really is a reflection of our belief that we need to get back to competitiveness in the markets where we are in. But it’s not predicated on markets improving dramatically and we just wanted to make sure that we were sufficiently conservative I suppose on our estimates on that and clear that our main focus really is to get back to competitiveness in the markets where we are in.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. Thanks for that. And the FY ‘18 organic sales guidance seems prudent given the year we are coming off of, I guess we have had some questions about whether in 2018 whether that’s the year perhaps may be to promise less in the way of actual earnings growth given the need for more reinvestment what’s expected to be somewhat of a back half loaded year from an earnings growth standpoint and still likely negative volume leverage on the P&L, so perhaps you can just talk us through a little bit more of your thinking along these lines and sort of what bridges to the EPS growth given and I think you also have if I am not mistaken like $40 million incentive comp headwind as well that you may have mentioned on the last quarter, so I am just trying to get sense if all that comes together and gives you the comfort that you can do you need to do to get back to top line growth even in the context of delivering some earnings growth?
Jeff Harmening: Let me take the first part of the question and talk a little bit about top line growth and how that relates to earnings and then I will turn it over to Don to talk about how that reflects back to EPS. But on the top line growth, we feel good about our ability to generate the top line growth we have suggested. And it’s really based on a few key elements that I touched on. One is certainly that our media expense is going to grow this year where it was down double digits last year. And our new product innovation is going to be higher and we are going to be in the zone on pricing for some key brands. I would also say that we weren’t very pleased with our execution this past year and we are highly confident that we are going to be to execute well this year, because we had our plans set later in the year. So on the top line, we are convinced that we can deliver the 200 basis points to 300 basis points improvement that we see. Having said that to the extent that, we find opportunities that have a high return as the year unfolds, we will certainly be glad to reinvest and to continue to try to grow our top line further than that if we see that there are good opportunities to deliver a good return. On the operating profit side I mean top line certainly is our top goal, but we are also committed to continuing to deliver margin expansion and the plan that we laid out reflects that. And we have got very good HMM as we have for the past decade and we have some other sources of cost efficiency which you see coming through. So we are remaining disciplined on the cost side and making sure that we have enough media and trade and innovation support to improve the business that we would look at. How that translates into EPS, I will let Don take that from there.
Don Mulligan: Yes. So, Andrew, as we have talked about in the call, there is several things contributing to profit improvement next year, HMM at $390 million will exceed our inflation, even though inflation will be elevated in F ‘18 versus F ‘17 and 3%. And we have another $160 million in cost savings – incremental cost savings coming through. In addition, while our price mix will be less of a contributor in ‘18 than in ‘17 it will still be a positive contributor. So, we have those three positives. It will be offset by volume declines still in the year and that will be particularly felt in the early part of the year. In Q1, for example, we expect our organic sales to closely near what we saw in ‘17, for example. And then we will see investments. An investment will span a number of areas. We have talked about media being up and that will certainly be one. But we are also investing in things like taking Yoplait to more cities in China to expanding our Häagen-Dazs stick bar business, geographic expansion in Europe, building capabilities like e-commerce and SRM and getting started on our process transformation work. And these will show up – they won’t all show up in media and I want to make that clear, while media will be up, many of these investments will be seen in COGS or in SG&A, but that will be – that is embedded in the guidance. And then as you mentioned, incentive, which I think next year is going to be about $45 million to $50 million drag. So, the combination of those things allows us to be comfortable with the flat to plus 1 SOP. The EPS will expand a bit more, because it will benefit from the share reduction of 1% or 2%. And that’s really the biggest driver between SOP growth and EPS growth next year.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks, everybody. See you in New York.
Don Mulligan: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning and Ken, best wishes from me as well.
Ken Powell: Thanks.
Ken Goldman: Question I guess for both you and Jeff, initially, one of the reasons behind driving cost savings was to generate fuel that would be reinvested in the business and push revenues even higher sort of generating that virtuous cycle. So, in a way this is a sort of symbiotic to pursue sales growth and margin expansion at the same time. And I think it’s still the case, but the way you are talking about these goals now, where the company needs to balance the effort to grow margin versus growing sales. That’s slightly different, right. It almost implies that the goals are somewhat mutually exclusive in a sense. So, I am just curious am I reading that right? Has something changed? And if so, why is it harder for the company than it thought to drive this virtuous cycle with cost savings really sparking investments in driving that top line? It’s a little bit different wording from you guys than what it used to be. I am just trying to sort of figure it out a little bit.
Jeff Harmening: Yes, Ken, this is Jeff. So, thanks for the question. What I would say is that on the – we are still dedicated to both growth on the top line and becoming more efficient and we do not think I am usually exclusive. So, this coming year, I mean, our intent is to grow our top line by 200 to 300 basis points, whilst continuing to still grow our margins. So, I want to be clear to everyone that we still intend to do that. What you see is that when we talk about the muted margin growth, it really is a reflection primarily of pricing and the pricing that we were hoping to get this past year, but in this current environment, it’s really challenging. And so as we look at our cost savings initiatives, whether they are HMM or other initiatives, we feel great about those and great about our ability to deliver those. The thing that has really changed from a year ago is that we are anticipating that we can generate more pricing in the current environment. And that pricing has certainly deteriorated over the past year and the pricing environment was not what we anticipated. And so what you hear from us really is that, our strategy is basically the same. We don’t think that there is a dichotomy between choosing growth over our margins, but that our ability to take pricing has impacted our ability to generate the margins we had originally anticipated. We are still proud of the margin growth we have generated over the past few years, 200 basis points of margin growth and we will continue that margin growth journey, but that’s really the big difference. And we also know I suppose that really getting back to supporting our brands the way we need to is going to be important to our top line growth to create the virtuous cycle that we are looking for.
Ken Goldman: Thank you. That is helpful. And then quick follow-up from me and I know you touched on this a little bit, but just to get a little more color, your sales in North America retail this past quarter, they were meaningfully higher than what the scanner data would have suggested. Can you just walk us through again some of the drivers of that gap? Again, I know it’s not exact, but just helping us out directionally would be appreciated.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Look, I appreciate you asked that question. I am guessing that there are others on the line probably have the same one. So, we saw about a 3 point gap in our sales between our movement and our RNS in North America here in the last quarter. And the most important thing I want to leave you with is that only about 10% of that gap is shipments ahead of consumption. And of that, that was primarily cereal for June merchandising. And we ended the year in 2017 about the same place we did the prior year. So, there is not a big inventory build up would then brings the question, okay, then what’s the rest of the 90%? And about 40% of that is growth in non-measured channels that are not contained in Nielsen and we have seen an acceleration in growth. I have told you we feel good about our e-commerce business and certainly we are growing well there. And so our growth in unmeasured channels has increased to about 100 to 150 basis point gap between what we had seen before. So, that’s about 40% of the difference that you see. And the other 50% is not so intuitive, but it’s really important than that. The pounds gap was only about 1.5 points and that’s because the price mix in Nielsen is different than what we see in our business. And probably that is due to some margin compression on the part of retailers and so as they compete in the marketplace. And so it is not so intuitive, but I guess it’s important to note. So, on the pound basis, that really covers the other 50%.
Ken Goldman: Great. That’s very helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Please proceed.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you. Good morning. And Ken, I would like to wish you all the best and congratulations on retirement.
Ken Powell: Thanks a lot.
David Driscoll: Okay. So want to just get into little bit of follow-ups from I think what Andrew was asking about, but I want to take it in a slightly different direction. When you think about the fiscal ‘17 organic revenue and volume declines of negative 4% and negative 7% respectively, how much of this is self-inflicted, if I can use that phrase versus broader industry trends? And I see like that’s still not entirely clear. You made many statements about the execution wasn’t what you want, but I am trying to get a sense here of, do you think half of the problems that have happened on the top line are something that were generated internally by decisions the company made? And a follow-up if I may.
Jeff Harmening: Look, I’d say David it’s a good question. Look, I think that certainly more than half of the businesses we saw were due to the decisions that we made in the execution that we saw. And you see that primarily in our soup and refrigerated dough businesses and how much market share we lost this past year whereas in the year before we actually gained share in both of those categories. And it’s really hard for innovation and other ideas to work when your pricing it so off. And I would say that the reductions we made in spending in yogurt, which we had anticipated were certainly part of the challenge as well. The part that was not necessarily self-inflicted, but we are going to have work to correct this next year was our innovation in yogurt, we know we have needed to improve. And so as we look at this past year, certainly more than 50% of our challenges were things that we think are entirely fixable. In fact, we think the vast majority are entirely fixable this year to make us more competitive. And the environment itself, yes, it was a little more challenging at F ‘17 than the years before. It’s about 1.5 points less than it was in the year before in terms of the market and we are expecting the F ‘18 category to be about the same as F ‘17 but honestly we think the vast majority of our challenges are correctible both in the U.S. and other places as well.
David Driscoll: Well, I think that’s really good to hear. And my follow-up would just simply be then when we look at the guidance and its negative revenue growth on top of the negative revenue growth, the self-inflicted items would seemingly be things that would turn into, I thought as people don’t like this phrase, but easy comps. And then just the ability to see a rebound in some of these categories, because we feel like that’s in the forecast, would you agree with the idea that you are – last year it didn’t go so well, so you need to set out a forecast here that’s extremely reasonable and gives you cushion here kind of day one, is that I don’t know how you would like to phrase it, but from the outside perspective, we are trying to judge the degree of difficulty of hitting the forecast you laid out today? Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: Well, the – a couple of things I mean certainly our comps are easier especially in the second and third quarter. But we actually don’t allow that as a reason to get back to growth here in the building here at Minneapolis, so well it may be true. What we are focus on are the fundamental actions we are going to take. And Jon Nudi and his team have done a great job putting together a plan that we are highly confident in. And in terms of the have we set a mark we can hit, yes we have given guidance that we are confident that we can hit. And looking to the extent that we can exceed it, we will certainly try to exceed it. But what we don’t want to do is try to jump out of our shoes with outrageous category expectations from the beginning. We would rather [ph] make sure that we have category assumptions and growth assumptions that are reasonable and build on those. And that’s what we have done in this plan both on the earnings side and on the growth side.
Don Mulligan: And the other thing that I would add David is that there is momentum we have take into consideration and as you saw F ‘17 unfold, we saw some negative momentum in Q2 and Q3, we began turning that in Q4, but it doesn’t turn overnight and so we will continue to see that momentum improve as year unfolds that’s why I indicated earlier Q1 we don’t expect to see a lot better performance than in Q4, but we expect Q2 to be better and the second half to be better still. So our expectation is that we exit F ‘18 on much better footing than we are today and certainly that will help us get to that guidance.
David Driscoll: That’s good color. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. Thanks for squeezing me in. And let me echo the sentiment to Ken. Ken, congratulations, best wishes.
Ken Powell: Thanks Jason. Thank you.
Jason English: Yes. It sounds like you are just going to be out golfing everyday you still got your hands fold for sure.
Ken Powell: Maybe every other day.
Jason English: That’s okay. Yes, I will take that. I am jealous. Alright, back to the issues at hand, you mentioned sort of the current pricing environment and obviously there has been a lot of consternation around that of late with some of the pressure we are seeing on private label, some of the pressure we are seeing with retail margins, etcetera, but contrast with your results, I mean the pricing that you have achieved in North America is frankly impressive in this environment, can you unpack that a bit for us how much was mix and how much was real pricing and how much was trade and give us little more context in terms of what you are seeing and what you expect on the forward?
Don Mulligan: Jason, I appreciate the positive comments on our pricing as we said we got a little ahead of ourselves in some cases and hurt on the volume side. But we are pleased that we need to get the pricing in place it was an important contributor this year being ‘17. I won’t bring up precisely the price and mix, but one other things that you see in the pricing is that as we did less merchandising and we had more base line it was a positive mix from that standpoint and it’s also positive mix from a product and category standpoint that helped as the year unfolded. Looking forward, we still expect to see price mix benefit in F ‘17 – it’s F ‘18. Thank you, Jeff. As I said for the total company it would be less than in ‘17 and it’s really driven by North America and we expect it to be positive, but lower and as Jeff alluded to it’s really about getting in the right zone on some key brands and particularly Pillsbury and Progresso. But we expect the other segments actually to be up on price mix in F ‘18. Our Convenience and Foodservice business will see a stronger bakery flour pricing as that recovers, we are going to be pricing for some higher inflation which includes the Brexit impact in the UK and higher dairy inflation and obviously in Asia and Lat-Am have a lot of the emerging market inflation that comes through us in pricing. So we expect price mix to still be a contributor in ‘18 albeit at a slightly lower level than we saw in ‘17.
Jason English: That’s helpful. Thanks. And then one other sort of really high level question and it pertains to you, but it also pertains to the industry at large, because the pattern is pretty pervasive, but speaking to you specifically over the last 5 years or 6 years advertising media spend shrunk by around 30%. Over that same duration your North America retail volume shrunk by nearly 20%, is the relationship there or I guess why shouldn’t we believe there is a relationship there and if we do underwrite to view this relationship, shouldn’t there be a need for the industry at large including yourselves to really pull back a lot more money into really getting back to nurturing the brands here?
Jeff Harmening: Well, Jason that’s a good question. I am not – although I am not going to speak on behalf of the industry, let me talk about us. And of course as I need to make sure that we nurture the brands. And I think that’s a really good point and that’s exactly what we are going to be doing in F‘18 and that’s why our media spending is up a little bit but there is a lot of ways to nurture brands and to grow them. I mean it’s also why we have to have our pricing into the zone, because lot of media spending if your pricing isn’t the right place it doesn’t really work that’s why innovation is going to grow, that’s why we are building capability in e-commerce and strategic revenue management. So I think you are right on the point that we need to make sure that we continue to nurture our brands. Media is one element, but so is getting our pricing right, making sure our innovation is on point, that’s why our Consumer First strategy is important and that’s why we are continuing to build our capabilities especially in e-commerce.
Jason English: Thanks a lot guys and see you soon.
Jeff Harmening: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning everyone.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane: I guess just two quick – two follow-ups I guess to some of the previous questions and I guess first just to Jason English is question is a question about spending, so the reinvestment in 2018, should we think of that as sort of being base level of spending that you will grow off of in ‘19 and beyond or is it more episodic, you are kind of increasing spending this year, but you will have to maintain those levels going forward?
Don Mulligan: Bryan, I think you should think about – I think as we think about our investment in you have Jason and I think you are referring to media, but we would say more broadly is we expect our investment behind our brands to go ahead of our sales levels. And you are seeing that in F‘18 and I think it is more or less for ‘19 and ‘20 you should assume the same.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then I guess the second just to follow-up I think it was to Ken Goldman’s question – response to Ken Goldman’s question earlier, Jeff you talked about how in that gap to the Nielsen data that 50% of it is maybe retail or margin, why wouldn’t we be concern that doesn’t become an issue maybe for the manufacturers or for General Mills, if there is a need for the retailer to be investing in price I guess or spending more and the retail trends aren’t very good, right, the store traffic isn’t good, why wouldn’t we have to maybe be concerned that there may be a need for more investment at retail?
Jeff Harmening: Well. I can only forecast ahead of what’s going to happen as always – always a tricky business. I mean, for me the retailers’ voice has been competitive. And even if this past quarter, we saw a tick-up in competitive activity. I mean I guess I would always say that you hope for decades, I mean retail grocery industry has been really competitive. And I assume it would be really competitive going forward. And the way that we win is through great brands, well articulated through marketing and great product innovation. And I think that as long as we continue to do that, we will see success maybe we have been doing on Häagen-Dazs and we have seen success. We done on Lucky Charms this year and we saw success. We have done on Old El Paso and we saw success. We have done it on Annie’s and we saw success. So even though it wasn’t the year we wanted and some businesses didn’t work the way we wanted, I will say that we have a number of businesses around the world that met or exceeded expectations. And the similarity among all of them is that we got great brands, we got great products, we invested behind them and we innovated as well, that’s the combination I think as long as we do that then we will like the results we see.
Bryan Spillane: Alright. Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: We are trying for one more question here.
Operator: Alright. Thank you our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed.
Chris Growe: Thank you. Good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Chris Growe: I just offer my congratulations to you as well, Ken. Wish you all the best there.
Ken Powell: It’s my pleasure.
Chris Growe: Sure. Thank you. So just make it quick here, I just had – I wanted to ask and I think we have all kind of asked this in some form, but as you think about the pressure against the consumer this year whether it’s merchandising activity or obviously some increase in media expense, how much of that broadly growing in fiscal ‘18? It’s going to be up as a percentage of sales it sounds like, how much – can you give a little more quantification on how much that could be growing this year?
Don Mulligan: Well, Chris, I am not going to, I guess, quantify it for you, but again as I listed to Andrew’s question, we have some margin improvement pluses coming through in HMM over inflation in the cost projects and in price mix and even offsetting some of that with volume declines, I mean, there is still a pretty significant gap between that and the earnings expectations we have for the year and that gap is really filled by the investments that we expect to be making.
Chris Growe: Okay. And then just from a high level standpoint, there has been a lot of discussion about the Amazon, the Whole Foods potential acquisition and merger and certainly a lot of questions from investors, what they could mean for your companies. I know one of the things you are doing is investing in e-commerce this year. So, not an in-depth question here, but just to understand kind of what that means to you and kind of a preparation of General Mills and kind of where they stand in preparation for an increase in e-commerce sales as that occurs here in the near future?
Jeff Harmening: No, thanks for that question, Chris, I mean, obviously, it’s one that’s on the minds of lot of people these days and has been for us for long time. I think with regard to e-commerce, I think there is couple of key things on a high level to keep in mind. The first is that where we have engaged in e-commerce, whether it’s here in the U.S. Our sales online have broadly outperformed our sales in the store. And so we feel good about our ability to win in e-commerce environment. The second is that if e-commerce is going to be broad across many customers, there is not just going to be one customer, even though that lot of talk about the Amazon and Whole Foods deal, I mean, all of our major customers have e-commerce components. As we have experienced around the world, there are variety of customers who participate in e-commerce and so it’s not going to be just one winner. The third is that we have got great relationship specifically with Amazon and we have got great relationships with Whole Foods. In fact, some people will probably be surprised to know that we are actually vendor of the year for 2 years in a row with Whole Foods and we have our e-commerce growth has been – we have been really pleased with it. And our growth – and our natural and organic are really pleased with it. And so if those are two trends that are going to continue, we feel like we have done our job so far. But look, that’s going to continue to evolve. And though we are satisfied with what we have done so far, we are going to keep evolving as the marketplace evolves. So, we feel like we are pretty well positioned.
Chris Growe: The investments you are making say this year that puts you in a position where you are ready to accelerate the growth in e-commerce. So, is this an ongoing sort of related investment for General Mills?
Jeff Harmening: Well, I think that Chris, I think that the growth in e-commerce, especially here in the U.S., but is going to accelerate. And so to the extent that accelerates, then we will accelerate our investment broadly in e-commerce, but really with the growth of the e-commerce business. But we see growth in e-commerce here in the U.S. as really prevalent in China and Korea. I mean, that’s where we see the highest penetration of e-commerce and food and growth. So, we expect that channel to continue to grow.
Chris Growe: Okay, thank you.
Jeff Siemon: Great. I know we didn’t get to everyone. So, please I am around all day, give me a ring and happy to answer any additional questions. Thanks so much for your time this morning.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-03-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Siemon - Director, IR Ken Powell - Chairman & CEO Jeff Harmening - President & COO Don Mulligan - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays David Driscoll - Citi Chris Growe - Stifel Jason English - Goldman Sachs Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven Strycula - UBS
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the General Mills Quarter Three Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, March 21, 2017. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Kelly and good morning to everyone. I'm here with Ken Powell, our CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO, and Jeff Harmening, our President and COO. I'll turn you over to them in a minute, but first let me cover our usual housekeeping items. Our press release on third quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. And you can find this release and a copy of the slides that supplements our remarks on our investor relations website. I'll remind you that our remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Ken.
Ken Powell: Okay, well thank you Jeff, and good morning to one and all. I'll cover the key headlines for the third quarter. Our third quarter results finished in-line with our expectations and keep us on-track to deliver the guidance we updated last month. Our net sales declined due primarily to gaps in pricing and promotional activity in key U.S. businesses, and our cost savings efforts helped us expand our adjusted operating profit margin and drive growth in adjusted diluted EPS. We are highly focused on improving our topline growth trend. We've added support in the fourth quarter to strengthen key business lines and we're pursuing global growth priorities that will further improve our sales trends beyond fiscal '17. Jeff Harmening shared those priorities with you in our presentation at the Cagny Conference last month and we'll come back to them when we discuss our fiscal '18 business plans in June. We are also reaffirming our full year guidance today. So with that let me turn things over to Don to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Don Mulligan: Thank you Ken and good morning everyone. Slide 6 summarizes our third quarter fiscal '17 financial results. Net sales totaled $3.8 billion, down 5% as reported and on an organic basis. Total segment operating profit totaled $662 million, down 2% in constant currency basis. Net earnings decreased 1% to $358 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.61, as reported. Adjusted diluted EPS, which excludes certain items affecting comparability, was $0.72. Constant currency adjusted diluted EPS increased 8% compared to last year's results. Slide 7 shows the components of total company net sales growth. Organic pound volume reduced net sales growth by seven points, it was partially offset by two points of positive mix and net price realization. In our foreign currency translation nor the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures had a material impact on net sales growth. Before turning to our financial results by segment let me briefly review our new segment reporting structure which was highlighted in this morning's press release. Starting this quarter we're now reporting under four business segments aligned with the new global organization structure we announced in December. We've combined our U.S. retail and Canada businesses into a North American Retail segment due to their similar product portfolio and go-to-market structure. North America Retail is our largest segment representing roughly two-thirds of company net sales; and thanks to the large part to net scale is also our most profitable segment with fiscal '16 operating margin to 22%. Our Convenience Stores & Foodservice segment which is unchanged from previous structure contributed 12% of total net sales -- total company net sales and posted a 20% operating profit margin last year. Our cumulated international segments; Europe and Australia, and Asia and Latin America represented 12% and 10% of fiscal '16 net sales respectively. In these two segments, we have less operational scale, we're investing for growth and we don't benefit from a higher margin cereal business which is captured in the results of our cereal partners worldwide joint venture. As a result, profitability in these segments is lower. And due to their smaller scale we expect more volatility in quarterly results which you will see in our third quarter numbers. Slide 9 summarize our third quarter results across the new operating segments. North America Retail posted high single digit declines in organic net sales in constant currency segment operating profit. Convinience Stores & Foodservice net sales declined 1% while operating profit grew 3%. The Europe and Australia segment delivered 2% organic net sales growth and 39% constant currency growth in operating profit. And finally, organic net sales for Asia and Latin America declined 2% while segment operating profit increased to $10 million from $2.5 million dollars a year ago. Turning to joint venture results, CPW net sales grew 4% in constant currency with growth across all regions. Häagen-Dazs constant currency net sales declined 5%, primarily due to the comparison against last year's third quarter which grew 22% behind the successful relaunch of Häanah Mochi [ph]. Combined after-tax net earnings from joint ventures totaled $11 million in the third quarter, down 35% in constant currency due to asset write-up for CPW and lower volume for Häagen-Dazs, Japan. Year-to-date constant currency net sales for CPW and Häagen-Dazs, Japan have grown 3% and 5% respectively. And constant currency combined after-tax earnings from joint ventures is down 3%. Third quarter adjusted gross margin was up 20 basis points with benefits from holistic margin management and our other cost savings initiatives more than offsetting the impact of volume deleverage and modest input cost inflation. For the full year, we continue and expect to deliver $380 million of cost of goods sold HMM savings which will more than offset our expectation of 2% inflation. Adjusted operating profit margin increased a 100 basis points in the quarter driven by higher adjusted gross margins and a 9% reduction in SG&A. Slide 12 summarizes other noteworthy income statement in the quarter. We incurred $106 million in restructuring and project related charges in the quarter including $28 million recorded in cost of sales. Corporate unallocated expenses excluding certain items affecting comparability decreased by $22 million, a bit faster pace versus prior periods reflecting our costing initiatives plus the reduction in our incentive growth. Net interest expense decreased 1% from the prior year. We continue to expect full year interest expense will be roughly flat to last year. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 23% as reported. Excluding items affecting comparability, the tax rate was 24.7% compared to 30.8% last year, driven by favorite impact of recent French tax legislation and a number of small discrete tax items that occurred during the quarter. We estimate our full year adjusted effective tax rate will be 29%, in-line with the updated guidance we communicated in February. Average diluted shares outstanding declined 3% in the quarter and we continue to expect a 2% reduction for the full year. Turning to our nine months financial performance; net sales were down 5% on an organic basis, segment operating profit declined 2% in constant currency, and adjusted diluted EPS was up 4% in constant currency. Turning to the balance sheet, our quarterly core working capital increased year-over-year for the first time since fiscal '13 due to the impact of late quarter volume shortfalls on domestic inventory, partially offset by continued improvements in accounts payable. We expect core working capital to improve in Q4 and be a source of cash for the full year, primarily behind for the benefits from payables. Nine month operating cash flow was $1.6 billion, down 16% from the year ago driven by non-core working capital items including changes in trade and advertising accruals, as well as changes in taxes payable, primarily related to capital gains on the Green Giant divestiture in fiscal '16. We expect to derive significant growth in operating cash flow in the fourth quarter behind higher net earnings and working capital improvements. Year-to-date capital investments totaled $475 million and through the first nine months of the year we returned $2.5 billion to shareholders through dividends and net share repurchases. Slide 16 summarized our fourth quarter outlook. We expect modest improvement in organic net sales trends driven by the trade and consumer support we've added to keep businesses in North America Retail, as well as the continued growth in Europe, China and our focused six platforms in Convenience & Foodservice. We also see significant margin expansion due to favorable mix, the comparison to margin contraction in last year's fourth quarter, and continued benefit from strong cost savings behind HMM, a global restructuring actions in zero-based budgeting. Two final comments on the quarter; net sales growth in Europe and Australia segment will be negatively impacted by the comparison to a year ago period which included an extra month in results for [indiscernible] Europe as we align net business to our fiscal calendar. And note that in this year's fourth quarter our Asia and Latin America segment will benefit from an extra month of reported results from Brazil as we align that businesses calendar to our fiscal year. At the total company level, the combination of these two impacts will be a modest headwind to our fourth quarter organic net sales growth. On a full year basis, the impact is immaterial. With those fourth quarter expectations we are reaffirming the fiscal 2017 full year guidance we communicated in February. Specifically, we expect organic net sales to decline approximately 4% for the year. Constant currency total segment operating profit is expected to be in the range of down 1% to up 1%. We expect our fiscal '17 adjusted operating profit margin to finish at 18% or higher which translates to at least 120 basis points of expansion versus last year. And adjusted diluted earnings per share are expected to grow between 5% and 7% in constant currency. We expect foreign currency translation will have a minimal impact to full year diluted EPS results. Now I'll turn it over to Jeff to provide more color on our operating performance.
Jeff Harmening: Thanks Don and good morning everyone. As Ken described, our third quarter results were in-line with our expectations. Improved top line performance on our Convenience Stores & Foodservice, and Europe and Australia segments, and growth on our core business in China were offset by declines in our North America Retail segment, driven largely by yogurt, soup and refrigerated dough. Let me provide a little more detail regarding our third quarter segment performance and our outlook for the remaining year. For our North America Retail segment, organic net sales declined 8% in the quarter; cereal net sales were down 1%, an improvement over first half net sales results. Mid-sales for U.S. Max were down 4% driven by declines in Fiber 1. In our U.S. meals and baking unit, net sales declined 10% as we didn't have competitive levels of promotion activity on soup and refrigerated baking products during their key seasons in the third quarter. Declines on U.S. yogurt sales were led by [indiscernible] varieties as well as a widening gap from promotional levels between us and our competition. In constant currency net sales in Canada declined by 1% in the quarter. Constant currency segment operating profit decreased 7% in the quarter driven by volume declines that were partially offset by our cost savings initiatives. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, we've added support to strengthen key businesses, improve our momentum and better position our brands as we head into fiscal 2018. Globally, our cereal business is improving, it's growing in Canada, Cereal Partners Worldwide, and in U.S. food service outlets. In our U.S. retail cereal business, we're adding support in the fourth quarter behind taste and wellness news that is working. That includes taste news on Lucky Charms and Coco Pops with retail sales are increasing at low and mid-single digit rates so far this year. We're also adding media support behind gluten-free messaging on our Cheerios franchise including new Very Berry Cheerios that launched in January and are off to a good start. And we continue to support our whole grain message on a variety of our cereal brands. In U.S. snacks, Nature Valley has gained nearly two points of dollars share so far this year in the grains next category. As the new product we've launched such as granola cups, and a new flavor of nut-butter biscuits hit shelves in January and we're increasing media support in the fourth quarter behind the Nature Valley brand. We also continue to post strong growth on Larabar. Year-to-date, retail sales are up 44% in Nielsen measured outlets, thanks to broadened consumer awareness and expanded distribution across mainstream channels. In fact, household penetration for a Larabar has grown 30% in the past year as we found new ways to reach consumers including targeted T.V. advertising. We're also seeing good growth on Epic, natural meat snacks with retail sales more than doubling so far this year on good innovation and strong distribution gains. And we see considerable opportunity to expand household penetration on this growing brand. As we have previously discussed, we have work to do to reposition our U.S. yogurt portfolio and to faster growing more premium yogurt segments. We'll do that through core renovation on our existing lines and innovating on emerging segments in the yogurt category. We've recently renovated a significant portion of our core yogurt business including a complete reformulation and relaunch of Yoplait Greek 100 which now has more protein, less sugar and a significantly improved texture and taste. We've also refreshed packaging on our original Yoplait and we are adjusting the pack size of Gogurt to deliver more value to the consumer. On the innovation front, we're capitalizing on increased consumer interest in snacking with the recent launches of Yoplait Dippers, Yoplait Custard, and a new regional yogurt drink that gets us into the fast growing beverage segment. The natural organic yogurt segment is growing by double digits, and we're strengthening our position in this space by building distribution on our Liberte, Annie's and Mount High yogurt varieties. And we're starting to see consumers looking for more simple, better tasting yogurts that feel more are seasonal. This summer we'll launch a new line here that leverages our French heritage to bring an entirely new yogurt taste and texture to the U.S. market. Within our meal and baking operating units, we continue to post solid results on Old El Paso with retail sales up 4% so far this year on the strength of our innovation and brand messaging. In the fourth quarter, we'll be providing additional consumer support with the [indiscernible] event that includes TV advertising and social media marketing efforts. Totino's frozen and hot snacks continue to grow as we have taken a strong consumer first approach on this brand with innovative campaigns using digital assets that resonate with the Totino's consumers. Our fourth quarter activities include additional media support and a tie-end with the massive-X [ph] video game release this month. And we're also putting support behind refrigerated baked goods with in-store promotion as well as a new recipe and coupons on digital outlets for the Easter season. Our natural and organic portfolio continue to drive double-digit sales growth and as we reframe our view to capture all of North American business, our natural and organic brands will generate more than $1 billion in net sales in fiscal 2017. Annie's is our largest brand and retail sales are increasing nearly 40% so far this year in U.S. Nielsen measured outlets. We continue to gain distribution on Annie's established businesses including macaroni and cheese, fruit snacks, and cracker lines that were in the market when we acquired the brand. Year-to-date retail sales for those categories combined are up 18%. And as you know, we've also introduced this brand into new categories with ready-to-eat popcorn being our latest addition to the portfolio. In the fourth quarter we'll increase our promotional activity with in-store and consumer events tied to Easter [ph]. Turning to Canada; our fourth quarter plans build on a solid year-to-date growth we've seen on Old El Paso, grains next cereal, and Liberte yogurt; and we're very excited about the recent launch of Annie's into this market. Early consumer response to Annie's has been very positive and there is still plenty of run way for growth here. We're also celebrating Canada's 150th Anniversary next quarter with limited edition maple-flavored Cheerios along with variety of online and in-store promotion events to mark this milestone. So in total, we expect to see improvement and topline performance in the fourth quarter for our North America Retail segment driven by increased contributions from our product innovation and core renovation efforts and increased consumer and trade support on key businesses like cereal, snacks, Old El Paso Mexican products and Tortino's hot snacks. And we expect to pose good segment operating profit growth in the fourth quarter as we start to realize benefits from our recent global restructuring and we'll have double-digit profit declines in the U.S. business a year ago. Turning to our Convenience Stores & Foodservice segment; organic net sales declined 1% in the quarter. However, our Focus 6 platforms posted 2% net sales growth led by cereal, yogurt and biscuits. We saw good growth on ballpack [ph] cereals and [indiscernible] as our no artificial colors and flavors messaging continues to be popular with cafeteria operators. Yopliat park play pro [ph] is driving growth on our yogurt business and pricing actions we have taken on biscuits drove high single digit sales growth in the quarter. Segment operating profit increased 3% in the quarter primarily driven by benefit from cost savings initiatives and lower input cost. Our net sales trajectory for this segment has improved each quarter this year. In the fourth quarter we expect the post growth on our Focus 6 platforms led by cereal, yogurt and biscuits. We'll also benefit from increased distribution on our frozen bread products and in-store bakeries and we expect to reduce headwind from bakery flour index pricing in the fourth quarter. Now let's turn to our international segments. In Europe and Australia, organic net sales increased 2% in the quarter led by good growth on Old El Paso, Häagen-Dazs and Nature Valley and Fiber 1 snack bars. Here too we've seen improved top line trends in each of the last few quarters after a slow start to the year. Third quarter segment operating profit increased nearly 40% on a constant currency basis primarily driven by favorable mix and cost savings. A large driver of our improving performance in Europe has been our Häagen-Dazs business. We've been expanding our very successful stick bars into markets across Europe, and we're supporting the brand with strong marketing initiatives such as our partnership with Wimbledon that expand the brand awareness. We also launched Häagen-Dazs in Australia this year and have already secured a 40% dollar share of the super-premium ice cream category there. We'll continue that momentum in the fourth quarter by introducing new stick bar flavors and launching new mini-stick bars in markets across Europe. We're also relaunching Häagen-Dazs in the UK with stick bars, mini cups, and new more contemporary packaging and marketing communications. So we're seeing good trends in our portfolio and these developed markets. In the Asia and Latin America segment organic net sales declined 2% in the quarter reflecting macroeconomic challenges in Latin America and the restructuring of our snacks business in China. Segment operating profit increased to $10 million from $2 million dollars a year ago. China is our largest market in this segment and we're seeing good growth on our core business there. We're posting mid-single digit sales growth at Häagen-Dazs and Wanchai Ferry so far this year. And Yoplait yogurt is growing at a triple digit rate driven by continued kind of trading games in Shanghai and our expansion into Beijing. We expect performance momentum on these brands to continue into the fourth quarter. We've seen same-store sales return to growth on our Häagen-Dazs shops, and we recently launched new flavors of our retail new flavor for our retail channels including Toffee Mochi, and Fruit and Flower ice cream varieties. On Wanchai Ferry, strong promotional plan on core pork and shrimp dumplings along with a new line of dumplings for kids will contribute to growth in the quarter too. In Latin America, the operating environment remains challenging but we expect to see performance improve in the fourth quarter behind an expanded promotional plan for Fester Janina [ph], an annual celebration that starts at the beginning of the Brazilian winter. We'll also he continued distribution gains on Carolina yogurt including our new renovated Greek yogurt line which is receiving good early feedback from consumers. So as we look across our entire portfolio, we expect modest improvement in our top line trends in the fourth quarter due to increased consumer and trade support on key brands across our U.S. businesses, as well as continued growth in Europe, China and on our Focus 6 platforms in the Convenience Stores & Foodservice segment. We also expect to generate significant operating margin expansion driven by mixed strong cost savings and a favorable comparison versus last year's fourth quarter. And with that I'll turn it over to Ken for some closing comments.
Ken Powell: Alright well, thanks Jeff. So to summarize our comments this morning, our third quarter results were in-line with our expectations and keep us on-track to deliver the guidance we updated last month. We're highly focused on improving our topline performance, we've added support in the fourth quarter to strengthen key businesses and we'll look to further improve our sales trends beyond fiscal '17. Our plans for next year will balance stronger product news, define our global growth priorities, refined levels of investment across our categories and continued margin expansion. So I'll close this morning by reiterating our commitment to our shareholder return model which consists of balanced top line growth in margin expansion combined with disciplined cash conversion and cash returns, that's the formula we believe will generate top two returns for General Mills shareholders over the long-term.
Jeff Siemon: With that we'll turn it over to Q&A. Operator, you can go ahead and get us started.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning everybody. I think as of the fiscal second quarter you were looking for full year gross margin expansion in a sort of 100 to 120 basis point range. I'm trying to get a sense if that is still what is embedded in your thinking when you're thinking about the overall operating margin expansion for the year? I know you've got an easier gross margin comp and you mentioned the mix and things of that nature. So I guess if that's still reasonable or if more of the operating margin expansion for the full year at this point comes from the SG&A side just given some of the volume deleverage?
Don Mulligan: Andrews, this is Don. Yes, as we look at the full year, again we still expect to drive operating profit margin expansion of 120 points plus a greater portion of that will come from SG&A that we originally anticipated. Our gross margin expansion will partly been in the 50 to 100 basis points range versus the 100 plus that we talked about earlier and it is for the factor that you reference with bit more volume deleverage in particular. But importantly, as we go into Q4 as you also referenced, we have every expectation of seeing significant margin expansion, particularly given the fact that we see a bit more modest inflation outlook versus what we saw a year ago in the fourth quarter and last year's fourth quarter we saw some significant margin contraction. So we expect to improve margin performance in the fourth quarter but for the full year we expect gross margins to be more -- expand more in the 50 to 100 basis point range.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks for that. Just a quick one and on just the growth versus sort of foundation strategy; we're a couple of quarters into it now and I know it's always tough to gauge at the start of something like this when you're reallocating resources around to different brands and categories and such -- what sort of impacts will be but maybe if there is just a -- maybe a key learning or two from the first couple of quarters of undergoing this process and maybe what it means for how you view that rubric [ph] kind of going forward? Thank you.
Jeff Harmening: So Andrew, this is Jeff. You know what I would say is that -- you know, we're satisfied with our strategy on growth versus foundation brands and we mean the brands we set for growth we think are the right ones and the foundation ones as well. And how we're managing those, we feel fine we're fine with that. I mean the challenge for us as Ken and we've talked about this a lot is that -- as we look at this year it's not really growth versus foundation for us, it's just in some key categories. We haven't had the promotion mix right and we haven't been as competitive and pricing as we could have been. So yogurt which is a growth brand for us, as well as refrigerated baked goods and soup; and so it really is a matter of our price competitiveness, as well as our innovation on yogurt and getting back to innovation -- levels of innovation in yogurt that we feel are going to be more than competitive and can get us back to growth on that business. So as we look at our strategy and growth and foundation, we're satisfied with that as well as the brands we have and kind of in each bucket but it really is our promotion competitors on some of our biggest businesses.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
David Driscoll: Great, thank you and good morning. I wanted to ask first about Pillsbury and Progresso in the brands -- just kind of your assessment of the brands at this stage; the volumes in our AOC per see data were down 20% and 16% respectively for those two brands. So the question is -- you know, after the season is over how significant is the damage to those brands given -- I don't have any other word to say here; staggering declines in the volumes. We'll just like to understand kind of what you do going forward and is this something that we have to think has really impacted these brands on a more permanent basis or is there something that you could call up that would be more transitory regarding the trends on those two brands?
Jeff Harmening: So David this is Jeff. I look at the fair question given the decline we've seen on the brands but I will tell you, there is nothing wrong with either the Pillsbury or the Progresso brand. I'm in fact we -- you know, we grew those two businesses a year ago and so whatever -- it is fully transitory. And you know with refrigerated baked goods, we took a significant amount of pricing and we've paid the price for taking more than we should have and you see it in our pricing versus competition, you particularly see it as retail brands private label, that's kind of filled the promotional void that we left. And so for us on refrigerated baked goods; for -- if refrigerated baked goods is really is getting back to being price competitive and we think we'll have a much better year next year than we had in 2017. And on Progresso as well, I mean we were out to merchandise this year, our Progresso Brand and our price points weren't particularly good and we didn't probably execute the way that we wanted to and so there is nothing wrong with either of those brands although I can understand how you would think that given the volume decline but it really is transitory, they are both great brands and we think we can improve performance on both of them.
David Driscoll: My second question is on the cost reduction efforts; do you believe that the cost reduction in these programs are in the whole or in part to blame for the significant revenue problem that the company is having? And then if you could just give some detail why or why not I think people would greatly appreciate that.
Ken Powell: So as we look at the biggest challenge that we've had this year with are -- our retail sales have been two-fold and it really has been the pricing and the price discrepancies we've had in our biggest categories as well as our innovation on yogurt and we need to get back to fundamentally strong levels of innovation. Those are the two biggest drivers by far. Now we have gone through about as much organizational changes one can go through in the last three years and so you know does that have an impact, I suppose it does. And if you look at our results in Europe for example, where we had an independent Yoplait organization and an independent General Mills organization, we put them together and you see our first quarter results in Europe from what we wanted but that we've been getting better and better as the quarters have progressed and I think part of that is due to the fact that we've put the organizational change we've undergone. And North America has probably been through a lesser extent; the issues although -- we have changed quite a bit with our supply chain and you know from time to time we've had service challenges especially in the first quarter of this past year but those things are behind us now; and so as we as we look ahead, I wouldn't expect any impact from our cost savings initiatives. And frankly, over the last year even though we've had some -- the vast majority of our challenges have really been due to the pricing we've had in the marketplace and an innovation on yogurt.
David Driscoll: Well, just one fast follow-up. Do these issues on the revenue line and in whatever connection it had to the cost reduction program, does it make you fundamentally more nervous or wanting to move in a slower fashion on future cost reductions?
Ken Powell: Well, look -- I mean most of the big supply chain restructurings we have are behind us now. We've already implemented ZVB. The cost savings initiatives that we've seen in front of us, things like going to global sourcing and things like that -- you know aren't going to have an impact on how we execute in the marketplace. And so whatever I say a lot of the big organizational changes that we think could have an impact commercially we're not going to see going forward. And as I said even though there has been a lot of change that's not -- I really don't think that's been the primary driver of our performance this year.
David Driscoll: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. I just had a question for you if I could, if you're putting more support back behind the business in the fourth quarter isn't investment more transitory short-term kind of reacting to the current environment or are you treating some of these -- in particular, the foundation brand differently than you thought when you've learnt of their strategy, so I'm thinking like soup and baked goods. You have to get little more aggressive behind those and therefore less margin improvement than you expected from those categories?
Ken Powell: Well, as we look at the fourth quarter Chris the -- we're putting more emphasis behind our cereal and snack brands first and foremost, and then a little bit behind Old El Paso. And because we -- you know, if we like the marketing efforts we have on all those brands we've seen good results on Nature Valley and snacks and we like we have included Cheerios and Lucky Charms and so forth. We're also adding a little bit back to our Pillsbury business on Easter which is later this year; so Easter is in April as opposed to March and so we won't see results on that until April. So we are adding a little bit back for our refrigerator baked goods. What I would say is that the -- we're not going to have a tons back on soup because the soup season is kind of over and after Easter the baking season is kind of over until next fall. We expect good margin improvement on soup and refrigerated baked goods but we also have to make sure that we were supporting those business properly as well and we've had a significant volume deleverage this year which has partially offset some of the cost savings that we've had. And so our expectation is that we go forward, that we'll continue to grow margin in those brands but we'll do it with a little bit less of the leverage and a little bit more support.
Jeff Harmening: And Chris, I guess what I would add to that is, you know, as we've talked about we have a couple of opportunities in front of us. One is to get sharper on price and as we do that we think that will have long-term benefits and you expect that to continue. And stronger support behind some of our best marketing ideas and you know, as we said before as we look at our media investment for the back half of the year; excluding U.S. yogurt which we said we were right sizing, the other growth businesses will see an increase in media in the back and that's been consistent since we've decided to put money back -- more money back into the business in December. Again, we're going to -- we're expecting good returns on that and we continue to expect to support our brands as we go forward beyond the fourth quarter.
Chris Growe: Okay, thanks for the color. And then just -- if I can ask a quick overall question; in some of the recent IRI and Nielsen data has been very weak for General Mills and for the industry overall; I just want to get a sense -- was this fact of that – obviously, the weight on your third quarter performance; are there any unique factors that are worth considering in relation to that weakness in the data we're seeing broadly in the industry?
Ken Powell: So as we -- you know, we're obviously seeing the same trends for the industry. If you look at kind of where the food and beverage industry is now versus a year ago, there is about a four point difference from where it was than to where it is now; so sales were up about 1.5 this quarter a year ago and now it's down to -- about half of that is due to pricing; and so we've seen deflationary pricing across food and beverage over the past quarter and so as we think about that 4 point gap, half of that is pricing and so the unit volume really is about 2 points and there is really not one factor that impacts it. Although there are -- certainly there is movement for the perimeter over the store and there is even more deflation in categories like meat and dairy; but also you see significant growth and increasing growth in channels that aren't measured by Nielsen and e-commerce is certainly one of those which is growing at between 35% and 50% this year and is probably upto 1.5% of total food and beverage sales. And so without doubt there is increased growth and channels as not measured by Nielsen.
Chris Growe: Okay, thank you for the time today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Jason English: Good morning, thank you for letting me ask the question. Back to the top line, I hear your message loud and clear that maybe from a support and execution perspective you are bit-off kilter. But when we try to dissect that data, roughly three quarters your measured declines appear attributable to distribution losses and it seemed pretty broad-based across a number of different categories, not just a problem children that you're pointing to. So I was hoping you could give us some color on what do you think is contributing to the drop in gross distribution or total distribution points? Sequentially it looks like it's still falling -- your velocity is still falling despite the survivor bias and that data is -- the data would suggest like we still have a lot of room to go before we can find a floor there but you guys obviously see a lot more granularity there than we do and you understand what's going on that looks better; so I was hoping you can give us a little more context, a little more color that hopefully leads us to some visibility of when we can find that support level on distribution?
Ken Powell: So as we look at distribution, our distribution is down in our U.S. business this year and a fair amount of that was planned as we did SKU rationalization in Pillsbury and Progresso. And that part was down more certainly than our yogurt business. But also as we look at it, you know we've got -- even though our distribution is down, we've replaced a lot of slower turning SKUs with faster SKUs, and we call those our Priority 450. And so the -- our P450 SKUs are actually up, and so even our distribution is down in a few categories, the level of distribution on our highest turning has [indiscernible] SKUs is actually growing and so for that reason distribution is not really the contributing cause to our decline this year. It may be a little bit in yogurt but that we expect it but for the rest of our businesses really distribution declines are not the driving force, it really is more about our price competitiveness and the marketplace support we've had.
Jason English: Okay, that's helpful. And one other more housekeeping oriented question and then I'll pass it on to others in queue. The year is not quite shaping up as you expected at the onset, is it safe to presume that there has been some incentive compensation adjustments that if a company at the shortfall? In a so can you give us a sense of magnitude as we think into next year sort of how much cost may be deferred into next year if assuming a reset?
Jeff Harmening: Jason, I mentioned in my script -- you know, a part of the same which you see in the quarter is our incentive reduction which obviously we reset after our December earnings reduction and then reset again this quarter. It's probably going to be about a $40 million savings in the year, a reduction to expense in the year which obviously will look factor into our planning for next year.
Jason English: Thank you guys very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. It's actually Josh [ph] on for Ken. I was hoping you could help us out just to comment on at export, I know you've talked a bit about the trade spending and getting there on price points and obviously some increased advertising around a bunch of brands in the fourth quarter. But I guess when you talk about how much of the added sort you are putting in a market, at least I guess try to get a sense of that magnitude? And then as a follow-up, I think you've -- I guess obviously there you haven't provided much of an update on '18 but I believe the last time you gave guidance, you had said you expect modest growth in '18. I guess that still holds and if so how much of it do you think depends on a positive response from some of this added support?
Jeff Harmening: So Josh, this is Jeff. You know, a couple of points in the fourth quarter and then 2018. On the fourth quarter we are adding support, it will mostly hit in April and May, and that's partially due to the timing of Easter when we've added back some support for our banking business. But also when we enter -- when we left the second quarter, the time you can get merchandising and advertising back into the marketplace is going to be mostly seen in April and May. So our improvement in the fourth quarter will mostly be April and May. I think also importantly that even though we're adding support in the fourth quarter our merchandising levels are still going to be down, they just won't be down as far as they were before; so it's not that we're going to one end of the shift to the other in terms of pricing support. You know whether that's in cereal or whether that's in snacks or whether that's in other places; so while we are adding support in April and May our merchandising will still be down it just won't be down as much as it has been in the last quarter. And then as Ken said in his remarks, we'll give increased guidance and thoughts in June when we deliver our fourth quarter results for 2018.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Alright, I had to try on '18. And Don, I guess I was hoping to ask just on the inventory build in the quarter; I know in the year ago there were some issues just around with the Green Giant sale but I guess in turn the increase was -- was there anything else? I guess was there an issue with any timing factors, anything you can help with that? Thanks.
Don Mulligan: No. It was really the fact that you know we had a production set for the plants and volumes still little short of the quarter unfolded and obviously that mean that those products ended up in inventory that we sold through in the fourth quarter. The only thing to keep in mind about Green Giant is actually on the tax side. Last year we had a -- we paid a capital gains tax on that divestiture and that was an outflow in Q4, so you think about our free cash flow generation. One of the reasons to be confident that we'll accelerate in the fourth quarter, in fact that we will be rolling over that outflow from a year ago but Green Giant didn't have an impact -- a material on inventory.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Thank you very much. So just kind of go obviously back to the top line again, so main topic of the day. You know, if I just look at Q4 organic sales, I think about the year guidance around down 4% because there is no FX impact and I think about kind of comparing it like your stock basis relative to Q3. I mean it seems like sales kind of implied for Q4, organic sales are down 2.5% to 3% let's say which is like it's just a pretty decent sizable improvement relative to what we're seeing in Q3 if we include the year ago comparison. I'm just curious with the increased -- let's say pricing support in April and May as just mentioned, obviously there is still lot of competition, that way you know what's -- what's really the hope here, what's the core driver of that acceleration in Q4? I mean it sounds like it's basically volume but it might not be volume coming from yogurt percentage, it might be coming from some of the other pressure categories. So any color you have there?
Ken Powell: So I mean -- look I think you're in the right ballpark in terms of the improvement we expect to see in the fourth quarter for sales. So I think your math is pretty good on about what we expect to see. You know, what I would tell you is that if you look at our business outside the U.S. retail, so for Convenience & Foodservice and for Europe, we continue to look for good performance there as well as a our business in China. So we feel good about performance in those areas. And then when it comes to our U.S. business, you are right in assuming -- we're not assuming a turnaround in our yogurt business in the fourth quarter, we think the businesses that will get better in the fourth quarter in April/May particularly are going to be our cereal business and our snacks business. And with continued good growth from Old El Paso and Tortino's because that's where we put more of the pressure whether it's a little bit of pricing pressure or as importantly, if not more so, some of our consumer marketing pressure because we feel like we've had -- we have good ideas in cereal, we have a good ideas in Nature Valley as well as Old El Paso and Tortino's and we think we can drive those businesses better by spinning some more marketing support behind those key businesses. So that's where we really expect to see the growth and improvement in the fourth quarter.
Jeff Harmening: Rob, this is Jeff. I just add that the waiting of our business shifts as you go into the fourth quarter, you move away from the big kind of winter season businesses like soup and refrigerated dough where we've seen the largest -- some of the largest decline, so just from a portion of portfolio standpoint those declines will become less a portion of our business as we get into the fourth quarter.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, great that very helpful. And then just second question on cost savings; I believe you've had this $4 billion HMM target out for many years; as we approach that target I'm curious -- if I just think about what the implied savings are HMM left if we just assume that that you actually hit that target. It seems like there would be some decent step down year-over-year over the next few years at HMM but what my sense is maybe that that's not true, it sounds like maybe there is a decent probability that you exceed that $4 billion cost savings target and cost savings over the next few years would be a bit higher than what's implied?
Ken Powell: That right. Yes, I think your sense is good, we assume they don't expect any slowdown in the annually HMM contributions. And so given that there is a good likelihood we'll see that $4 billion for the decade.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, great, thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken [ph] with Bank of Montreal. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, everyone. Just two questions; one is -- is there a way to -- what are the steps I guess to improve your promotional activity going forward that you won't end up in this situation in the '18, '19 or '20 or going forward; how do I think about that and what steps can you take to change how you do the promotional spending? The second thing is, to what extent have you seen changes in your personnel -- to keep personnel levels at the brand management level? And can you talk about how you're doing that as well; so maybe there is some shifting on the personnel that we would see some changes and activity at that level?
Ken Powell: Well, I'm looking at the pricing, I mean -- you know, I think we've been pretty good at pricing for a while and we've been -- basically, worked within the context of the marketplace. In this year we were just priced way higher than the market, so we didn't really anticipate as well as we could have I suppose the market dynamics. And you know what I would tell you is that we -- as we've said, maybe a quarter ago we haven't improved our strategic revenue management capability and we're still improving that, we've brought in resources from outside of the company to help us with that and I think that's going to -- that is certainly going to help us as we look ahead and so we've strengthened our capability there and I think we'll continue to strengthen our capability there. And in terms of answering the question on personnel, we feel like we've got the right personnel in the right place, we've got segment leads who are good at driving growth whether that's in North America here or whether that's in Europe or Asia and we've had a SPU on Häagen-Dazs in yogurt and so we feel really good about the talent that we have in place that can drive our business across our segments.
Jeff Harmening: And the only thing that I would add on the promotional side is, we might be adding back promotional dollars, it is about frequency more than depth. So it's really that as we look back over the course of the year, it's we have missed some windows that we would have typically have gotten. And putting money back and getting – reearning some of those windows; so it's about frequency, strategy, not just depth.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And Ken, the only thing I'm trying to figure out is, I agree your history has been there, I just can't figure out exactly what went wrong and why it won't happen again but… [Technical Difficulty]
Ken Powell: We'll move on to next.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard [ph] with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning everyone. So can I ask about the retailer environment because it think to me that even as recently as December I think on the last earnings call you were talking about wanting to pull back on in effect of promotional activity, obviously that's been harder to gauge given your comments to-date and now you're going in the other direction and reinvesting back in promotion. Can you comment on how hostile are the retailers being in pushing for incremental reinvestment back in pricing? It seems to me that Wal-Mart and others are worried about competition from hard discounters, so the retailer environment is getting tougher; private label share gains are picking up, distribution trends as Jason mentioned earlier seems to be coming down, maybe just some comments for you on that? Thank you and I'll pass it on in the interest of time.
Ken Powell: Well, you have some fair observation but what I would tell you is that, as we look ahead we will be -- we're not going to be increasing our level of promotion in the fourth quarter. Our level of promotional will still be down year-over-year, we'll be just down a lot less than it was before. And so while we are adding back spending, we're not kind of going from one side to the other. In terms of retail environment; what I would say is, it's always been competitive as it is right now, in fact private label shares in our categories are actually down and they're down in almost all of our categories year-on-year. And so as we look at the private label impact, actually for us it's not really -- at least in our categories it's not increasing but private label shares are actually declining. And while the -- while retailers are competitive, they've always been competitive and we don't feel like it's any more competitive environment with regard to retail that it has in years past, it's always been that way and we remain -- they don't feel particularly hostile to us and we've got good relationships with all of our major retail customers, and that's been unchanged.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Bryan Spillane: Good morning everybody. Just one question for me. I guess you know -- from as an outsider looking in, it look -- it's just seems like in 2017 one of the things this maybe didn't exist within the plans or at least the guidance that you gave in the street was just not enough flexibility to deal with some of what was going on at retail with merchandising and price point. So can you just kind of talk about '18, '19, you've got margin calls out there; just whether or not you feel like you've got enough flexibility giving kind of what the environment it is today to sort of do what you need to do and still have those margin goals or just how you would think about that if you continue to face this kind of volatility? Thank you.
Ken Powell: Well Bryan, as we went into the year, we went in with a certain expectation on volumes. And as that didn't eventuate we were able to pull certain levers because given the magnitude of the top line it was hard to contain it for me from a profit standpoint. That said we will still have a lot in the site to hold level on SOP, drive our EPS growth and drive a 100 points in margin expansion; so there is a lot of things that we had planned for the year that will still come through but clearly, you know, as we're sitting here now with the sales expectations of minus four, you know, 200 to 300 basis points lower than coming into the year which is kind of hard to contain that in a given fiscal year.
Jeff Siemon: Okay. I think we've got time for one additional question operator if you don't remind.
Operator: Certainly. Our last question comes from Steven Strycula with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Strycula: Hi, good morning. Two questions; first would be a question on snacking which is little bit softer in the quarter. Just wondering what's going on in the snacking category, it sounds like you're going to put a little bit more incremental spend in the back half or in the fourth quarter, but just curious as we're anniversarying [ph] kind of the [indiscernible] initiative. And then the second part would be with respect to the unit volume declines that we've seen on a year-over-year basis in some of the categories or maybe there were lot of price gaps; how do we think about the recapture of that unit share? Where these like bad promotions that you're divorcing yourself from? Where these like unit volumes that you want to recapture ultimately? And the fact you know -- the back half of calendar 2017? Thank you.
Ken Powell: So on the snacking question, we have two businesses we feel in the U.S. We have two businesses we feel really good about and we're added support behind that. So Nature Valley is the biggest one, it's our biggest snacks bars business and we've gained share on that and we like our marketing on that; and so we're going to add support because that's our biggest business and we like what that's doing. And Larabar has also been growing. The challenge we had in the third quarter is really behind our Fiber 1 business and our Fiber 1 business has been declining, and we're working to improve that but we won't get back to growth on Fiber 1 certainly in the fourth quarter; and so what we're doing is we're going to place more bets on things that are working well in our snacks business and we feel confident that that can improve our snacks performance in the fourth quarter. As far as recapturing unit volume, it really depends category by category, that's what I would tell you. And that -- you know, in cereal we don't think we're far off so there's not a lot of volume to be recaptured. I mean we -- you know, we're only down 1% this quarter and so while we would like to grow it wasn't too bad and we think actually as importantly as trade spending in cereal really is actually marketing spending because we feel good about our ideas. I contrast that with refrigerated baked goods where we feel like we really have to add some money back to our merchandising as we look at the back half of '17 to make sure that our merchandising is in the right place because we lost a lot during merchandizing.  So it really does depend category by category and that's how we'll look at it as we head into next year.
Steven Strycula: Alright, thank you.
Jeff Siemon: Okay. Kelly, I think that's all the time we have. So everyone thanks so much for the questions and I'll be on the phone all day if you want to reach out and have additional follow-ups. So thanks again. Have a great day. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and we ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q2  (2016-12-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Powell - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Jeff Harmening - President, Chief Operating Officer Don Mulligan - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Jeff Siemon - Finance Director, Investor Relations
Analysts: Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Lazar - Barclays Ken Goldman - JP Morgan David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Jason English - Goldman Sachs Chris Growe - Stifel Steven Strycula - UBS David Driscoll - Citi
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Quarter Two Fiscal 2017 Earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question and answer session. At that time, if you have a question, you can press the one followed by the four on your telephone. If at any time during the conference you need to reach an operator, please press star, zero. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded Tuesday, December 20, 2016. Now I would like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Finance Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Siemon: Thanks Tony. Good morning and happy holidays to everybody. I’m here with Ken Powell, our CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO, and Jeff Harmening, our President and COO. I’ll turn you over to them in a minute, but first I’ll cover our usual housekeeping items. Our press release on second quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. You can find the release and a copy of the slides that supplement this morning’s remarks on our investor relations website. I’ll remind you that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions. The second slide in today’s presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. With that, I’ll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Ken.
Ken Powell: All right, well thanks Jeff, and good morning to one and all. I’ll cover the key headlines for the second quarter First, we feel good about the margin expansion progress and EPS growth we delivered in the quarter, and we continue to have confidence in our ability to deliver on our goal of a 20% operating margin by fiscal ’18. We remain committed to our Consumer First strategy, and where we’re getting the ideas right, it’s driving growth, whether that’s Annie’s and Larabar in the U.S., Haagen Dazs outside North America, or Old El Paso around the world. Even so, our net sales performance did not meet our expectations in the second quarter. We didn’t have enough marketing support, meaning the combination of trade, media and new product news to drive improved top line results, and on top of that we saw a slowdown in food industry growth in the U.S. in recent periods. So we’re making targeted adjustments to our plans in the back half to find the right balance of investment and return while still driving significant margin expansion. Jeff Harmening will take you through more details on our second half business plans in a moment. As a result of our sales trend, we’re revising down our expectations for full year net sales and segment operating profit, but we remain on track to deliver our EPS and margin expansion guidance and we’re increasing our free cash flow growth expectations thanks to continued good financial discipline.  Finally, we announced an important change to our organizational structure earlier this month. This change represents a significant step towards operating as a global company, allowing us to unlock global growth opportunities while continuing to drive efficiency and increase agility in our organization. With that, let me turn things over to Don to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Don Mulligan: Thanks Ken, and good morning everyone. With that as a backdrop, let me get into the numbers, provide a summary of our cost savings efforts, and give you some more details on our updated guidance. Slide 6 summarized our second quarter fiscal ’17 financial results. Net sales totaled $4.1 billion, down 7% as reported. Organic net sales declined 4%. Total segment operating profit totaled $830 million, comparable to last year on a constant currency basis. Net earnings decreased 9% to $482 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.80, as reported. Adjusted diluted EPS, which excludes certain items affecting comparability, was $0.85 Constant currency adjusted diluted EPS increased 5% compared to last year’s results. Slide 7 shows the components of total company net sales growth. Organic net sales declined 4% in the quarter driven by seven points of lower organic pound volume growth, partially offset by three points of positive sales mix and net price realization. Foreign currency translation didn’t have a material impact on net sales this quarter. The net impact of acquisitions and divestitures reduced sales growth by three points in the quarter. Turning to segment results, total U.S. retail net sales declined 9% with growth in snacks offset by declines in the other operating units. Organic net sales were down 6% in the quarter. The difference between reported and organic net sales primarily reflects the divestiture of Green Giant, which impacts the meals unit results. Segment operating profit grew 2% versus last year with benefits from margin expansion initiatives more than offsetting lower volumes.  In our convenience stores and food service segment, net sales declined 4% in the second quarter. This segment’s Focus 6 platforms returned to growth with net sales up 2%, driven by growth in cereal, yogurt, snacks, mixes and biscuits. As we expected, net sales declined 10% on our non-Focus 6 businesses in the quarter, primarily due to market index pricing on bakery flour. We expect headwinds from flour index pricing, which impacts sales that are profit neutral to lessen significantly in the second half. For the second quarter, segment operating profit was up 6%, driven by benefit from cost savings initiatives, lower input costs, favorable product mix, and higher green merchandising [indiscernible].  Slide 10 summarizes our constant currency net sales and profit results for our international segment. Total international organic net sales declined 1% in the second quarter. At the region level, second quarter constant currency net sales in Asia Pacific region were comparable to last year, with double-digit growth in India offset by the restructuring of our snacks business in China, which we announced last quarter. This action will continue to be a headwind to sales growth through the first quarter of fiscal ’18. Excluding snacks, net sales for the rest of our China business were up mid-single digits in the quarter.  Latin America sales declined 2% in constant currency in second quarter, reflecting the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures. Organic net sales in the region were up low single digits. In Europe, constant currency net sales were down 3% with declines in yogurt offsetting growth for Haagen Dazs and Old El Paso.  In Canada, sales were down 7% in constant currency, almost entirely due to the divestiture of Green Giant. Constant currency international operating profit declined 18% in the quarter due to currency driven inflation on products imported into Canada and the U.K. While we expect further headwinds from the British pound in the second half, the Canadian dollar impact should moderate significantly. Turning to joint venture results on Slide 11, CPW net sales grew 3% in constant currency with broad growth across the Middle East, Asia, the U.K. and Australia. Haagen Dazs Japan constant currency net sales increased 21% due to strong new seasonal product performance and double-digit growth in handheld treats. Combined after-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $30 million in the second quarter, up 27% in constant currency primarily driven by strong sales growth as well as lower administrative costs for CPW and lower input costs for Haagen Dazs Japan.  As Ken said, we made good progress on our margin expansion goals in the second quarter. Adjusted gross margins were up 130 basis points with benefits from holistic margin management and our other cost savings initiatives more than offsetting low input cost inflation. For the full year, we continue to expect cost of goods sold HMM savings to more than offset our expectation of 2% inflation. Adjusted operating profit margins increased 160 basis points in the quarter, slightly ahead of our full year goal. Slide 13 summarizes other noteworthy income statement items in the quarter. We incurred $53 million in restructuring and project-related charges in the quarter, including $24 million reported in cost of sales. Corporate unallocated expenses, excluding certain items affecting comparability, decreased $18 million. Net interest expense increased 2% from the prior year. We continue to expect full-year interest expense will be flat to last year. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.8% as reported. Excluding items affecting comparability, the tax rate was 32.4% compared to 32.3% last year. We now expect our full year tax rate will be roughly aligned with the year-ago rate of 29.8%. Average diluted shares outstanding declined 2% in the quarter. We now expect a 2% reduction for the full year compared to our previous guidance of down 1 to 2%.  Turning to our first half financial performance, net sales of $8 million were down 7% as reported and down 4% on an organic basis. Segment operating profit declined 2% in constant currency and adjusted diluted EPS was up 1% as reported and up 2% in constant currency.  Turning to the balance sheet, Slide 15 shows our further progress on core working capital. Our core working capital decreased 20% versus a year ago, and we continue to drive operational improvements across our business. This is the 15th consecutive quarter that we have reduced core working capital, and we have visibility to further reductions in the coming quarters behind continued efforts to improvements in payables. As a result, we’re raising our fiscal ’17 guidance on free cash flow growth from mid single digits to high single digits. First half operating cash flow was $988 million, down 15% from a year ago largely driven by timing of trade and advertising accruals and taxes payable related to the Green Giant divestiture last year. Year-to-date capital investments totaled $318 million, and through the first half of the year we returned $1.8 billion to shareholders through dividends and net share repurchases. As Ken mentioned, we’re taking another step toward operating as a global company by changing our reporting structure to maximize our global scale, unlock global growth opportunities, and continue to drive efficiency. We’ve established four new business groups: North America retail, which combines our current U.S. retail segment and our Canada region in our international segment; Europe and Australia, which is currently another international region; Asia and Latin America, which combines the remaining two current international regions, and convenience stores and food service.  As part of this change, we anticipate eliminating 400 to 600 positions worldwide, which we estimate will drive savings of $70 million to $90 million by fiscal ’18. We intend to begin reporting results under this new structure in the third quarter and will provide restated historical data at that time. This announcement is the latest in a series of significant actions we’ve taken since fiscal ’15 to streamline our structure and drive savings. As always, HMM is at the center of this effort and continues to deliver significant savings in our cost of goods. In fact, between fiscal ’15 and fiscal ’17, HMM will generate more than $1.2 billion in cost of goods sold savings, which keeps us on track to achieve our target of $4 billion in savings from HMM this decade. We’ve announced additional projects since fiscal ’15 to improve our organizational effectiveness while delivering incremental cost savings. As part of our initiative to streamline our global supply chain network, we will have closed 11 plants by fiscal ’18 or 17% of our 2014 factory base. Including those plant closures as well as Projects Catalyst, Compass, and our new global reorganization, we’ll have reduced approximately 5,000 positions by fiscal ’18, or roughly 12% of our global headcount. We continue to reduce our administrative expenses and driven incremental savings through our implementation of zero-base budgeting. We estimate these projects will drive $700 million in aggregate cost savings by fiscal ’18, above and beyond HMM. We’re progressing well on our goal to 20% adjusted operating profit margins by fiscal ’18, which represents more than 300 basis point improvement over fiscal ’16 levels. We continue to expect this margin expansion to come from three areas. First, a fiscal ’17 COGS HMM savings net of inflation still makes up about 25% of our goal. At our investor day in July, we said the other two buckets were split roughly equally. Now that we’ve provided visibility to our global reorganization, you can see that savings from our announced projects represent fully half of our margin expansion goal. The remaining 25% will come primarily from strategic revenue management, spending optimization efforts, and other cost efficiency initiatives. Let me finish with second half expectations and full-year outlook. We expect modest improvement in organic net sales growth in the second half as we adjust our levels of support and continue to invest in Consumer First news that is working. We expect to deliver significant adjusted operating profit margin expansion thanks to our cost savings efforts, and that in turn will help drive double-digit growth in adjusted diluted EPS in the second half. Finally, we expect to accelerate our free cash flow growth behind further improvements in our core working capital. I’ll close my section by summarizing our updated fiscal ’17 guidance, which you can find on Slide 21. Given our first half performance, we now expect full year organic net sales to be down 3% to 4%. As a result, we’re now targeting total segment operating profit growth of 2% to 4% on a constant currency basis versus the prior guidance of 6% to 8% growth. We continue to expect adjusted operating profit margin expansion of 150 basis points. As I mentioned previously, we expect interest expense and our adjusted tax rate will be flat to last year, and we anticipate average diluted shares will decline 2%. We continue to expect adjusted diluted EPS will be up between 6% and 8% in constant currency. We now expect foreign currency translation will be a $0.01 headwind to full-year diluted EPS results. Finally, we’re increasing our free cash flow guidance from mid-single digit growth to high single digit growth, reflecting continued strong core working capital discipline.  With that, I’ll turn it over to Jeff. 
Jeff Harmening: Thanks Don and good morning everyone. As Don mentioned, we posted organic net sales declines in the quarter with our growth and foundation businesses down 3% and 8% respectively. In some businesses, we met our expectations and in others we fell short. We didn’t deliver the top line improvement we were expecting from the U.S. retail in the second quarter, with organic sales finishing down 6%. On the other hand, margin delivery was strong with U.S. retail operating profit margins up 270 basis points through 24.4%. We also expected better net sales performance for our convenience stores and food service segment, and we met that expectation with our Focus 6 platforms returning to growth this quarter. Within our international segment, we expected improved organic net sales performance. We saw a top line improvement in Europe and in China offset by a slowdown in Canada, leaving total segment organic net sales growth in line with our first quarter results. Let me describe in more detail the drivers of our second quarter performance and discuss our operating plans for the second half of this year, starting with U.S. retail. The operating environment here in the U.S. remains challenging. As you can see on Slide 24, the industry has experienced a slowdown in retail sales growth, including a decline in the most recent quarter as benefits from pricing have eroded and unit volume has remained weak. In our categories, average unit prices were up 3% last quarter but volume softness drove overall category retail sales down 1%. For our business, it was our five largest categories - cereal, yogurt, snack bars, refrigerated dough, and soup that fell short of expectations. As Ken told you upfront, we did not have enough marketing support in the form of trade and consumer spending and new product news to deliver the improvement we were looking for. We also saw a bit more competitive activity in some of these categories in the quarter. In our other categories, our results were actually a bit better than our expectations, led by Old El Paso Mexican foods, Totino’s hot snacks, and our natural and organic portfolio. We’re adding back some support in the second half, but we will remain disciplined in our spending. We still believe prioritized investment against the best growth opportunities while continuing to drive margin expansion is the right thing to do for the long-term health of our business. Retail sales for our cereal brands were down 3% in the quarter. Where we had compelling Consumer First messaging, we saw good consumer response. For example, our gluten-free Cheerios news and removal of artificial ingredients continues to drive growth in baseline or full-price sales. Consumers still love great tasting cereals. More cocoa in Cocoa Puffs is driving double-digit retail sales growth for this brand, and more cinnamon news continued to drive good performance on Cinnamon Toast Crunch, but overall we didn’t get the quality of merchandising we expected and we didn’t have enough marketing pressure to drive better results for our business in the quarter. In the second half, we’re adding incremental consumer spending to support news that’s working, like gluten-free Cheerios and the removal of artificial ingredients. We’ll also improve our in-store execution and we’re securing better merchandising events with key retailers on some of our largest established brands. In total, we expect to continue to drive positive net price realization for our cereal business in the back half of the year.  New products will also contribute to improved second half performance. We’re bringing the taste of real fruit to Cheerios with a new Very Berry variety. It contains strawberries, blueberries and raspberries with no artificial colors or flavors, and of course it’s gluten-free. Watch for it in the stores beginning next month. On yogurt, we continue to see challenging performance in the second quarter with retail sales down 18% and our lite and Greek 100 varieties driving the majority of those declines. Retail sales for the yogurt category also turned negative in the quarter as elevated levels of merchandising generated less incremental lift and as the level of new products news slowed. On a more positive note, we’re seeing good initial consumer response to our Annie’s and Liberte organic yogurts that we launched in the first quarter. As we enter the second half, we’ll build on our first half yogurt news. Together, the Annie’s and Liberte brands already hold an 8% share of the organic yogurt segment. We expect these brands to have a more significant impact on our second half performance as we continue to expand distribution.  We also renovated our Gogurt offerings in the first half, improving the value proposition with larger counts of individual tubes. Where we’re getting the price right with retailers, it is performing quite well, so we’ll look to expand that success in the remainder of the year. We’re also introducing new and renovated yogurt offerings in the second half that squarely meet consumer needs. Our renovated Greek 100 protein line appeals to consumers looking for a higher amount of protein for just 100 calories. It’s made with real fruit and has a delicious thick texture that we think consumers will prefer. Yoplait Dippers combine creamy Greek yogurt with the crunch of pretzels or oat bites. They offer spoon-free snacking and are a perfect afternoon pick-me-up. Yoplait custard yogurt is a silky smooth indulgent snack or dessert made with whole milk and just a few other simple ingredients.  We know we have a good deal of work to do to turn around our yogurt business. We expect some improvement in the second half but won’t return to growth this year. We believe the key to success will be fundamentally shifting our portfolio through renovation and innovation to give consumers what they want from their yogurt. That’s the essence of Consumer First. The product news I just shared will help us make important strides towards that goal in the second half of this year, and we have a great pipeline of innovation, including an exciting launch in early fiscal ’18 that should help build a strong foundation for the future. On snack bars, Nature Valley retail sales were down 3% in the second quarter, so we’re adding some incremental media support in the back half and we have a good line-up of new launches. We’re expanding our successful biscuit sandwiches with a cocoa almond butter variety. We’re launching new XL Sweet and Salty bars that are 50% bigger, developed with men in mind, and we’re very excited about our new granola cups, which feature a crunchy whole grain shell filled with peanut or almond butter. They add an indulgent offering to the Nature Valley brand but with just 9 grams of sugar per serving. Retail sales for Fiber 1 bars were down double digits in the second quarter, consistent with the decline in the adult segment of the bars category. As you may recall, Fiber 1 was the first brand to do the seemingly impossible - make fiber taste good, and we’re making it taste even better with new layered bars that contain crisp grains, caramel and almond toppings and chocolate, and 9 grams of fiber per bar.  On Larabar, retail sales were up more than 50% in the second quarter. In the back half, we’re expanding Larabar offerings with a line of new fruits and grains bars. These bars contain a quarter cup of kale or spinach, giving Larabar consumers the nutrition they’re looking for and just five simple ingredients per bar. Refrigerated dough and soup round out our largest five categories in the U.S., and we’re supporting these businesses with consumer news in the second half. We will be adding marketing support to Pillsbury refrigerated dough, and we have some news coming for Easter too. With our new shelf set of stand-up cans, we continue to expand across retailers. Our performance on Progresso soup wasn’t where we wanted it to be in the second quarter as we experienced heightened competitive activity and unusually warm weather; but winter is certainly here now, and we’re ramping up our messaging behind our antibiotic-free chicken news.  As I mentioned earlier, we saw good results in our other categories in the U.S. retail and we’ll build on that momentum in the second half. Old El Paso has been generating growth within our meals platform in recent years. Consumer First innovation, including new flavors and formats of stand-and-stuff shells and tortillas drove retail sales up 6% in the quarter. Innovation is also working for Totino’s hot snacks with retail sales up 6% in the quarter. We saw particularly good performance on pizza sticks, which were launched in the first quarter, and we’ll introduce larger count sizes next month. We think this is a great example of knowing our consumer and reaching them with relevant products and messaging. The Annie’s brand continues to lead our growth in natural and organic. Retail sales for the brand grew 46% in the second quarter and our points of distribution are up more than 30% year-to-date in meals and measured channels alone. Retail sales for Annie’s established items, like snacks and mac-n-cheese, grew 20% in the quarter, and we continue to build distribution on our category expansions in cereals, yogurt, soup, baked goods, and grain snacks. Next month, we’ll introduce Annie’s organic ready-to-eat popcorn. With the strength of this great brand as well as the performance of our other terrific natural and organic brands, we are well on our way to meeting our goal of $1 billion in net sales for our natural and organic portfolio by 2019. So as we look to the second half, we have plans in place to drive improvement for our U.S. retail businesses. We’re optimizing our marketing support across our five largest categories. We’ll continue to build on what’s working by investing behind our natural and organic businesses as well as Old El Paso and Totino’s. We have a solid line-up of new products that are aligned with growing areas of consumer interest, and we’ll continue to drive margin expansion for U.S. retail, building on the improvement we posted in the first half. Let me turn briefly to our convenience stores and food service segment. As Don mentioned, net sales declined in the quarter driven in large part by negative impact of flour pricing; however, our Focus 6 platforms posted net sales growth, led by our yogurt platform with net sales gains for Yoplait Parfait Pro and increased cereal sales and schools. In the second half, we expect continued good growth from our Focus 6 platforms and a reduced headwind from our flour index pricing. We’ll also bring more innovation to food service customers with new artisan breads designed for K through 12 schools. This includes pre-sliced premium quality ciabatta breads and flat panini breads that allow operators to make hot sandwiches with reduced labor and without additional equipment. In total, these efforts should result in improved top line performance for this segment in the second half. Now let’s turn to our international segment. Sales in our developed markets were mixed in the second quarter. Retail sales for Old El Paso were up high single digits in Canada behind stand-and-stuff taco shell innovation. In Europe, we posted high single-digit retail sales declines on yogurt, high single-digit growth for wholesome snacks, and high teens growth for Haagen Dazs, led by stick bars. In the second half, we’ll build on what’s working in developed markets and also bring new product news to our categories. Our Old El Paso stand-and-stuff business has been a good growth driver in recent years, and we recently launched a mini shell variety in Europe. We’re expanding our successful Haagen Dazs stick bars into new European markets and adding new flavors to the line. On yogurt, we’re focusing on improving our in-store execution and closing distribution gaps. We’re also entering the fast-growing indulgent segment with our new Triple Sensations line. In Canada, we’re launching Yoplait whole milk yogurt that has all-family appeal and will drive growth on our expanding natural and organic business with the addition of items like Larabar bites.  China is our largest emerging market, and we still had good second quarter net sales growth there on Haagen Dazs, Wanchai Ferry, and Yoplait. Our Yoplait yogurt business continues to grow in Shanghai and we’re gaining a foothold in Beijing, which we entered this summer. As Don mentioned, our results were partially offset by our snacks restructuring in China which is a headwind to sales but will be slightly accretive to underlying profit. In the EMEA region, Haagen Dazs stick bars launched in the first quarter and are performing well. In the second half in China, we’re launching a new Wanchai Ferry kid’s line in time for Chinese New Year. These dumplings come in colorful wrappers, are a smaller size for kids, and have nutritional ingredients like pork, salmon and shrimp that appeal to moms. On Haagen Dazs, we’re launching new Fruit and Flowers ice cream flavors like Rose and Raspberry, and Elderflower and Blackcurrant that deliver a sweet, aromatic experience. In EMEA, we’ll continue to drive growth on Haagen Dazs with new flavor of stick bars in our core client business, and we’re launching frozen yogurt across multiple markets following its success in China. For our international segment in total, we expect our underlying top line trend to improve in the back half and we’re planning for operating margin expansion as transaction currency headwinds moderate. Now I’ll turn it back to Ken for some closing remarks.
Ken Powell: All right, thank you, Jeff. Let me just summarize our comments this morning. We continue to take a disciplined approach to the top line, focusing our investments behind our highest returning Consumer First ideas and eliminating activities that are not generating profitable volume. Our organic sales results didn’t meet our expectations this quarter, so we’re adding support and launching a solid line-up of new products to strengthen the second half.  We delivered strong margin expansion and good EPS growth in the second quarter, and our HMM and other cost savings efforts keep us on track to deliver our fiscal ’18 goal of a 20% adjusted operating profit margin. We updated our full-year growth goals to reflect a softer top line, but we’re maintaining our EPS guidance and increasing our free cash flow growth target as we continue to drive operational efficiency across our businesses. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] We’ll get the first question on the line from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Go right ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you. Jeff and Ken, I think investors are going to look at this guide down for sales and segment operating profit as kind of a referendum on the industry’s efforts to reduce trade promo, reduce advertising as a means to improve margins and improve efficiency. I just want to understand how you’re thinking about it internally. You say you’re going to have to add back some marketing in the back half of the year on a selective basis, but can you give us a sense of comfort that the strategy for this year and for next year, that you’re not cutting too far to the bone or that there’s not going to be a bigger reinvestment in ’18 to kind of make up for what’s been lost in the first couple of quarters?
Ken Powell: Hi Rob, this is Ken. I’ll start, and I’m sure Jeff will want to jump in. So we think it’s very clear that taking a very disciplined approach to spending, both trade promotion and consumer, is the right thing to do; and quite honestly, we’re going through depth and frequency and executional approach across our trade promotion, and we have the ability to look at those and understand their impact almost deal by deal. We think that doing that and that approach is the right thing to do, we just don’t want to promote in ways that create a loss for us. The same of course is true for consumer spending - we’ve got to see the return, so I think we remain very convinced and committed to expecting strong return from our promotional and advertising dollars.  Having said that, as we look back at the first quarter, we think there are cases where we cut too far or reduced spending too much in certain areas, so we’re going to add back and correct as we go forward in the second half. I think you heard Jeff comment on some of the areas where we’re going to do that. So fundamentally, we think discipline in this area is good and there are opportunities to improve, I think quite significantly, but we’ve got to correct as we go forward into the second half. Jeff, I don’t know if you’d add anything?
Jeff Harmening: I would say importantly in some areas, we reduced our spending on trade, for example on Old El Paso and Totino’s hot snacks, and we got it really right and we increased our revenues partially as a result of that, along with some good innovation. So there are areas where we feel really good about what we have done, and cereal is not far off either, to be honest. Cereal really is a matter of we think we’ve got some great ideas, we just didn’t spend enough consumer marketing support against those, which we’ll add back. But fundamentally on the trade side, we didn’t get that too wrong. There are a couple businesses where we didn’t get it as right as we want, and I would say Pillsbury refrigerated dough is one of those. So we’re dedicated to the strategy and we got it right in some places, and in some places we didn’t get it exactly we’re right and we’re making the changes that we need to.
Robert Moskow: Hey Jeff, can I ask a follow-up? You had one chart that’s rather striking, that shows category pricing has gone negative for the first time in a long time in U.S. retail, but your price realization is up over 3%. How sustainable is that?
Jeff Harmening: Well Rob, I think it’s a really good question. If you look at the--prices have actually deflated if you look at the total store, but it’s really driven by the perimeter. So if you look at the perimeter of the store, that’s really where you see pretty significant price deflation. In the categories where we operate, we’re actually seeing modest amounts of price inflation, so we think we can generate pricing. We think we generated a touch too much in the second quarter, but we can generate price even in this environment because in the categories that we compete in, we’re actually seeing some positive price realization.
Robert Moskow: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. We’ll get to our next question on the line from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Go right ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning everyone. Just two quick ones. First one, I guess if we look at the guidance for the full year, could you just give us some color in terms of phasing? Will more of it be pushed into the fourth quarter in terms of the growth, or would we see some improvement in 3Q?
Don Mulligan: Bryan, this is Don. We expect a bit of sales improvement in Q3 and more in Q4. Obviously our cost savings build, cost savings initiatives build as the year goes on, so as a result of that, the EPS growth is much more heavily weighted to the fourth quarter versus third quarter.
Bryan Spillane: But we should see some sequential year-on-year sales improvement in 3Q versus where we were in 2Q?
Don Mulligan: Modest, a little bit in Q3, but most in Q4.
Bryan Spillane: Most in Q4 - okay. Then just one, and maybe it’s more a follow-up to Rob’s question, but if you look at the five largest categories in the U.S. where you feel short, did the competitors do something different than you expected, so where you were trying to optimize trade spend or there’s some instances in these categories where maybe your competition isn’t, and that’s what’s sort of causing the shortfall?
Jeff Harmening: Bryan, thank you for that. You know, what I would say in general about the operating environment, it’s fairly rational. It is rational, but in some of our biggest categories, a couple of our biggest categories, we did see an increase in trade promotion in the second quarter. We saw it a little bit in soup where our lead competitor had a pretty poor fall last year and came back a little stronger, and then we saw a little bit in cereal as well, a little bit more promotional in cereal, and also in refrigerated dough. So for three of those categories, we saw some more promotional support than we had--than we had seen before, and that really in combination with our pulling back was part of the challenge we saw in the quarter.
Bryan Spillane: All right, thank you. Thanks everyone. Have a happy holiday.
Ken Powell: You too.
Operator: Thank you very much. We’ll get to our next question on the line from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Go right ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning everybody, and happy holidays. 
Ken Powell: Hi Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: A bit of a follow-on as well, and it’s I guess a little more philosophical, but how important is the 20% margin target in fiscal ’18 specifically, in light of a top line that was supposed to showing some modest growth through fiscal ’18? I’m just trying to get a sense of having a specific margin target out there. I understand what drove the thinking around putting a target out there when you did, but we’re in a bit of a different environment now, I think, and does that maybe limit you in what you may feel you need to do from a reinvestment perspective just to get the top line to stabilize? You know, having a certain margin target obviously is noble in a lot of ways, but if it comes on a significantly smaller sales base, it doesn’t get you obviously to where you want to be. It’s a little more philosophical, but I was hoping you could sort of take a shot at that.
Ken Powell: Well Andrew, again I’ll start. I mean, it’s been--as we look at the environment, which has been slower growth across consumer industries, and listened pretty carefully to our investors, people who hold our stock, there really has been a very, very high interest in margin in this environment, so we felt it was important to make it clear that we’ve heard that interest, and it was helpful externally but I’ll also tell you very helpful internally for us to set a very clear and important goal.  I also want to tell you that the actions that we’ve taken to achieve that have been highly positive for General Mills, and so the work that we’ve done over the last several years to optimize our supply chain, getting the right capacity in the right place has been extremely beneficial to the company for the long term. The base that’s there now is very highly utilized, the actions that we’ve taken, in fact as we’ve said a number of times, to open the door to kind of a second wave of productivity initiatives as those plants are highly utilized, that’s been extremely positive for General Mills. The work we’ve done on the administrative structure, just to get a lighter structure, the work that we just announced to optimize the structure for global growth with a North American segment, kind of a Europe developed marketing segment, Asia - that segment, these are really designed now for executional efficiencies, better sharing. They’re just way more efficient. So I understand the question, but I would just say that the work that we’ve done and we’ve put in place to achieve these stronger margin goals has, I would say, overall been very highly positive for General Mills and sets us up very well for the future. Obviously margin and free cash flow are very important metrics for us, we talk about them repeatedly. Top line of course is also super important, so we understand how important it is to get the top line to turn and we’re very focused on that. If you guys want to add anything?
Jeff Harmening: I’ve got a couple things. I don’t want to reiterate too much what Ken said, but I think it’s important to understand that as we look at our business, there’s different levers we can pull to drive shareholder return. Sales growth is clearly the one that has the longest term benefit and where our focus is, but there’s clearly margin expansion, there’s cash conversion, and cash returned to shareholders. At different points in our history, we’ve pulled those at different strengths based on what the market can bear, and as we looked at the market over the past couple years and at least for the near term, with less available top line growth, we wanted to make sure that we were still delivering a competitive return for our shareholders and that meant more on the margin. So that was kind of one input. The other is that setting a target, and Ken kind of touched on this, it does make you think differently. It’s brought to bear more ideas in terms of where we can find efficiencies, and we’ve done it throughout our P&L and our balance sheet. As a result, it’s creating flex for us to reinvest back into our business, and I think those are all good things. But at the end of the day, the goal is to ensure that we are investing behind good top line growing ideas and then driving a competitive margin, and that’s really where we--at the end of the day, those are the two key things that we look at.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. I appreciate that color. Thank you. Just a very quick one - the new top line guidance, what does that embed for what you’re expecting for foundation and the growth portfolios? Before I think it was down mid-single digit for foundation and up low single digit for growth. I don’t know if you have a new metric on those? Thank you.
Don Mulligan: We do, thank you, Andrew. As Jeff walked you through, a couple of our large growth businesses is where we were short in the first quarter and the first half. As a result, as we went forward today, our growth businesses will probably be a touch negative, minus low single digits versus the plus low single digits we started the year. The foundation businesses actually have held in well and will still be in the range of mid single digits, maybe at the low end of the range but still in that range, so that’s how you would you think about our new sales guidance.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thanks so much. 
Jeff Harmening: I would add on to that, Don. For the U.S., we’re expecting only modest improvements. The guidance that we’ve given allows for only modest improvement in the top line in the U.S. while continuing to expand margins. As we look at the second half, our two biggest improvements will be in our convenience and food service segment as well as in Europe.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks very much. We’ll get to our next question on the line, from the line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Go right ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thanks. I have two for Don, one quick one if I can, and then a longer one. Don, just to sort of follow up on a question earlier in terms of the pacing of the year, tax rate guidance I think implies roughly 27% for the back half of the year. As we model, should we model that evenly across both quarters, or is there maybe a timing factor that might give a disproportionate benefit to 3Q or 4Q?
Don Mulligan: The number is about right for the back half of the year. I’d have to check the quarterly phasing of it. I know last year we had a plus in Q3 because of some U.S. tax legislation that came through. That may push a little bit more to Q4 as the opportunity, but quite honestly, I’ll have to confirm that for you, Ken.
Ken Goldman: Okay, no problem. My longer one is about the free cash flow guidance, and bear with me through some math, if you would. Through the first half of the year, I think your free cash is down over 20% year-on-year. I know these things move back and forth and there’s timing issues and so forth, and I’m not curious about why things can jump and reverse in the back half, but it does imply a pretty sizeable second half - I think over 30% just to get to your guidance, which in turn implies free cash of about $1.4 billion in the back half, which General Mills has never quite achieved before. So I guess I’m curious, Don - is there something unique in the back half of the cash story we should be aware of? You talked about payables. Is capex going to drop? I’m just trying to understand a little bit more of the drivers behind that, if I could.
Don Mulligan: Yes, it’s a really good question. I’m glad you asked it. There’s actually three things, and they really all revolve around working capital. The first is a year ago we had a big payable from the Green Giant sale that hit our operating cash flow, even though obviously the cash that came in was in the financing section--or the investment section, excuse me. So we had a large liability that will not obviously recur this year, so that was $160 million, I believe, at this point last year. That will change the complexion of our working capital on the balance of the year. The other is our trade and advertising accruals. As we’ve said, our media, our trade was down in the first half, even a bit more than we had planned and anticipated. As we reinvest more in the back half, those accruals will come up, again favorably impacting working capital.  Then lastly, and the one that’s the most sustainable that will carry forward into F18 as well, is our focus on core working capital. Inventory was a bit higher than we wanted it to be at the end of the second quarter, and that’s because volumes did not come in as anticipated. That will even out and come down as the year unfolds. Then most importantly as we continue to work on our payables and as we move our vendors to 90-day terms, we’ll see that benefit start to accrete more in the second half and again more in ’18 as well. So it’s all around working capital, and it’s those three big items - the tax payable on the Green Giant divestiture a year ago that we’re rolling over, the level of advertising and trade payables that will increase as the year goes on as we increase investments in those two areas, and then the core--continuing to work on reducing core working capital.
Ken Goldman: Is it still safe for us to model maybe $730 million, $740 million in capex? I think that was the guidance in the 10-K.
Don Mulligan: Yes, that’s correct.
Ken Goldman: Great, very helpful. Thanks Don.
Operator: Thank you very much. We’ll get to our next question on the line with David Palmer from RBC. Go right ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks, good morning. First to follow up on that segmentation approach and the related promotion shifts, do you think in some cases you could have done a better job of analysis ahead of time, such that you could have further minimized the volume fall-offs? Conversely, should we just realize that this process is going to have some unknowns, that you may have a competitive response here or there and there’s going to be lumpiness in terms of net revenue realization, both positive and negative, by quarter?
Jeff Harmening: Yes David, we did a lot of analysis before embarking on this, this net revenue management journey, and the returns that we’re seeing from our advertising and our trade are playing out as we expected them to. What I would say is the competitive atmosphere is dynamic, and what you will see from us is making sure we’re making adjustments to those plans as we go along, which is what we’re doing in the back half. So even though we get a lot of things right, some of the things we tactically need to adjust, and that’s what you’re seeing us do in the back half of this year. So as time goes on, we’re dedicated to it, but I would say that we’ve analyzed deeply the second quarter and we’ve already made some changes, even from the end of our second quarter, which is the end of November, until today. So I think what you’ll see from us is making sure that while we remain dedicated strategically to net revenue management and optimizing our profitable volume, we’ll make adjustments as time goes along and as we see the competitive dynamics change.
David Palmer: Just a small one on weather - do you think it played a role in that November quarter? It was a pretty warm quarter. Do you think it might have been a drag on the Pillsbury and Progresso brands, and perhaps with the cold snap we’re seeing in December, some of the early signs are better for these platforms?
Jeff Harmening: Well you know, that may be the case to a small degree in soup and on baking, but I would say the bigger driver of our performance is always what we do and the spending we put in place and how effective our spending is or our new products are. So as we look at the second half of the year, I’m certainly not opposed to it being cold, but for us we really look at what we can drive, which is making sure we make the tactical adjustments to our spending and what we think is a good new product line-up for the second half.
David Palmer: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. We’ll get to our next question on the line from Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Go right ahead.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. 
Ken Powell: Morning Jason.
Jason English: Thank you for letting me ask the question. I’ve got a couple, I’ll just rattle them off quickly. First on gross margins, can you give us a view of what you’re expecting for the full year, and also what the slope of input cost inflation looks like for that 2%? Is it kind of steady throughout the year, or is there any sort of ramp or de-cel to it?
Don Mulligan: So our gross margin, we increased 50 basis points year-to-date. We think it will be up closer to 200 basis points in the back half of the year, so full year will be below our original 150 guidance, probably more in the 100 to 120 range, but it will improve in the back half for some substantial reasons. First off, we’ll get better volume leverage as we see improved sales in the back half. That is primarily from volume, so our gross margin will benefit from that. The comps from last year, if you look at our trend last year, our gross margin expansion was essentially all in the first half, and that was due to inflation phasing, where inflation accelerated during the course of F16. Last year, gross margins were up 170 basis points in the first half, was actually about flat in the second half, and actually Q3 was down 130 basis points, so again I think that gross margin expansion this year on a comparable basis will skew to Q4. To your specific question on inflation, we think it’s fairly stable through the course of the year, slight acceleration in the back half and fourth quarter, and obviously we’ll see pretty steady contributions from HMM exceeding that inflation. Our cost actions will build during the course of the year. That will help gross margin in the back half, and then transaction FX, which for the full year will be about a $50 million drag for us, $35 million of that is in the first half, as I said in my comments. The pound will continue to impact us in the back half, but we think the Canadian dollar will be less so, so we will absorb the majority of the transaction FX negative in the first half, so that will be less of a drag in the second. So really, those four things - the volume leverage that we’ll get in the second half slightly better than the first half, the comps particularly around inflation phasing will favor the back half this year again, especially the fourth quarter, our cost actions will build around Project Century benefits, and then transaction FX still a negative but a lighter negative in the back half.
Jason English: That’s helpful. 125 BPs for the full year still sounds pretty solid, even it’s a bit below 150. Building on that, to get to your 150 full-year EBIT margin expansion, A&P is on track to add around 100 BPs to margins, and maybe you spend some back, let’s say at 75, so between GM and A&P, you’ll have 200 BPs of margin cushion there. Implying some SG&A leakage at margin despite all the aggressive cost cuts, is that just a product of some of the sales softness? Is it a cadence of the SG&A discipline? I don’t know, maybe you could shed some light on that.
Don Mulligan: Yes, I’m not following all your math on that, but from an advertising standpoint, in the back half of the year, we said in the last call we expect advertising after the first quarter to be down double digits for the year. We still believe that, probably mid-teens, which means it will be better in the back half, still down slightly, but importantly up in some key businesses. Matter of fact, if you look at our growth businesses in the back half, excluding U.S. yogurt which we’ve always said we’re going to really right-size our investment there, given our historical share of voice, excluding U.S. yogurt our growth businesses’ advertising investment, media investment will be up low single digits in the back half. And again, it’s fairly spread across the businesses that Jeff talked to, so we’ll see that in the back half. And actually, our admin continues to be below last year, both within SOP and then at the corporate level as well, so that’s actually a contributor. Obviously what’s different is the sales are lower and volume is lower than we started the year, and that’s an offset. So again, I didn’t exactly follow your math, but we expect to get 150 basis points of operating margin expansion. We’ll get a good piece of that, as you noted, through gross margin and we’ll get the balance through the rest of the P&L, but all lines, including administrative costs and overhead costs, will contribute.
Jason English: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks very much. We’ll get to our next question on the line from Chris Growe from Stifel. Go right ahead.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. 
Ken Powell: Morning Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. Just had a couple questions for you. The first is without getting to future revenue growth guidance, I think there was a question that alluded to this earlier, just that you do expect your revenue growth to improve in fiscal ’18. Is that degree of improvement changing such that you’re relying more heavily on cost savings to achieve the operating margin target? I guess as I see the revenue growth weaker in this quarter but also weaker for the year, just worried that some of it could carry into fiscal ’18 and could lead to a little more challenge in achieving the operating margin.
Don Mulligan: Hi Chris. I think that first of all, we’ll--we don’t want to give guidance for F18 in December, but to your point, the way this year is coming out, I think we’ll have to look at all the components of next year. I think this year coming in softer is obviously going to have to play into how we look at next year. We think that second half will be, as we’ve said, better and will build momentum through Q3 and Q4, so we expect to enter ’18 with the top line going in a better direction. Obviously we’ve talked in great detail about all the margin work that will continue to play out as we go into F18, so I think your point about entering F18 at a lower level than we expected of course has to be considered, and we’ll give detailed guidance on all of that in June, as we always do.
Chris Growe: Okay. Then just a question for you on the international growth in sales and operating profit. It was a little weaker than I thought this quarter, so I want to understand just how the--or maybe what regions the performance is expected to improve, and then just understand when you talk about marketing and it being down in the first half of the year, is international going to see a heavier marketing investment in the second half as well that could weigh on the margin a bit? 
Jeff Harmening: Chris, thanks for that question. As we look at the second half of the year, the biggest improvement we’ll see will be in Europe, which is a very profitable business for us. We improved that business in the second quarter from the first quarter. We had a tough summer based on the Haagen Dazs sales as well as the Yoplait integration, but we saw the second quarter improve on Haagen Dazs and as well as OEP - Old El Paso and bars, and we expect that to continue in the second half of the year. We’ve got really good innovation on Haagen Dazs, good innovation on Old El Paso, and we continue to expand our bars business. So--and the integration of our Yoplait business with our European business will be largely behind us, so we expect improved performance from there.  So I would say in the second half, you’ll see that, but I also want to mention that what we see is that our two largest developing markets, China and Brazil, have returned to growth if you look at organic growth. They’re a little bit clouded by some restructuring we’re doing of our snacks business in China and of our acquisition of yogurt in Brazil, but underlying that, in China we’re back to mid-single digit organic growth. We’re growing our Wanchai Ferry business, we’re growing Haagen Dazs, and we continue to see good growth from yogurt. We’re back to growth in Brazil as well and we’re executing better in Brazil, so we’re back to growth there. So as we look at the second half, we expect to see growth from our two biggest developing markets as well as improved performance from Europe.
Don Mulligan: Chris, the only thing to add, just as a point, is also that both of our joint ventures are performing pretty well. Haagen Dazs Japan had a good quarter, and I think importantly we now have, I think, two and maybe three quarters of improved performance in CPW really with performance across the board better in that joint venture. So internationally, we’re also seeing improving contribution from those JVs.
Chris Growe: Okay, thanks very much. I appreciate it, and happy holidays to you.
Ken Powell: Thanks Chris.
Jeff Siemon: Great. Operator, I think we’ve let everyone take two bites of the apple with questions. We probably have time for one more, maybe a second; but let’s go for one more.
Operator: Certainly. We’ll get to one more question on the line from the line of Steven Strycula from UBS. Go right ahead.
Steven Strycula: Hi, good morning guys. Have a two-part question. The first part would be just to recap, what would you say is the key explanatory reason as the revised guidance on sales? Looking back to how you guided in July, is it more the delta that we’re seeing in the yogurt business, or was there a little bit of a surprise in meals? Just expected that the core U.S. retail trends would kind of improve, much cleaner aisle impact in major retailers. That’s one. The second question would be, what is your go-forward M&A strategy, given the U.S. market has been decelerating a little bit more recently and emerging markets remain volatile?
Jeff Harmening: This is Jeff Harmening. Let me take the first part of that question, then I’ll hand it over to Ken for the second part, I guess. On the first piece, the first half of the year, we plan to take out unprofitable volume, and we’ve talked about that and we certainly did that while improving our margins. But the combination of taking out a little bit more spending than we had anticipated, as well as the competitive environment being a little bit more promotional than we anticipated, that kind of combination is what led to our first half sales results, particularly in the U.S., being below what we expected them to be. Although we got it right in some places on our spending, in some places we need to make adjustments.
Ken Powell: On the M&A front, look - as we’ve said, we continue to look in many places for opportunities to create value, and these would be acquisitions that could drive growth or synergy, or both. We would look both in the U.S. and internationally. We are quite interested in snackable ideas, snacking is very much on trend. Also, simplicity and natural is of interest to us. Bolt-ons to existing business are quite interesting to us. So if you look at the last 24, 30 months, we acquired Annie’s, an organic business, Epic Provisions all-natural beef snacks, Carolina Yogurt, a bolt-on, and so those are the kinds of things we’ve been doing and we continue to look in those areas.
Steven Strycula: Okay, great. Then one follow-up for Don. Just to make sure that I heard you correctly, the year-over-year earnings growth rate in the back half, fourth quarter is supposed to be more pronounced growth than the third quarter, if I heard you correctly. Is that accurate?
Don Mulligan: That is correct.
Steven Strycula: Okay. Thanks guys. Happy holidays.
Jeff Siemon: Tony, do we have time maybe for one more, if we can sneak on?
Operator: Absolutely. We’ll take one more question on the line, from the line of David Driscoll from Citi. Go right ahead.
David Driscoll: Man, that must have been my holiday Christmas present. Thank you, and good morning. I really appreciate that. I do have a couple of good ones here. I wanted to ask about the volumes in U.S. RO. So it’s down 10, and wanted to understand how much of this is unprofitable volume that frankly you don’t mind jettisoning, versus good stuff that you’re really disappointed to see go? So could we start there?
Jeff Harmening: Well David, this is Jeff. Obviously a large part of it is unprofitable volume, and that’s why our U.S., despite the fact that if you can imagine, we had a lot of deleverage given that our volumes were down 10% in the quarter, why our operating margin was up 270 basis points because--and it’s not the only reason, but for sure a lot of this was unprofitable volume that we don’t mind losing. I think there were a couple cases where we felt like we had--we feel like we have good marketing, good news, and some things we could optimize. I look at cereal advertising, for example - we love the returns we get from our gluten-free advertising and from no artificial colors and flavors, and that advertising we think we can spend more than we did in the second quarter because we like the returns on that and we think we have really good news. 
David Driscoll: Then bigger picture, the sales guidance is down two to three points, the segment profit guidance is down four points, so it kind of goes back to this unprofitable volume question. When I look at figures like that on the reduction, it sounds to me like the sales that you’re now expecting, this change in sales guidance, this was good stuff. This was volume that you did not want to lose, yet you are, so it does seem as if, if I’m reading all the tea leaves here correctly, that we’re getting into some of the bone here rather than just taking out excess fat, i.e. unprofitable volume. Is that the right way to characterize what’s happened within the sales guidance change?
Jeff Harmening: Well David, as I said, there’s a large portion of the volume that was not particularly profitable, and we got rid of that; but I also said we didn’t get it exactly right. So I think there are some pieces of that volume that are more profitable, especially the non-promoted volume on big brands like cereal and bars where we think we didn’t get the spending exactly right. By spending more to improve the everyday sales of those businesses, we can drive both our volume and our profitability.
Don Mulligan: David, this is Don. The only other thing I’d add in terms of--you know, if you look at how much we reduced our sales guidance by versus SOP, the other factor not to lose sight of that doesn’t impact sales is our transaction FX. As I mentioned, we have a $50 million, roughly $50 million negative transaction for products shipped into Canada and into the U.K., and about $40 million of that frankly was--it’s about $40 million higher than what we had planned. Obviously Brexit happened after we announced our guidance, and that’s incorporated into these updated guidance figures as well. 
David Driscoll: Final question from me, Ken, with the sales guidance reductions, you still are very confident on the call about the 20% margin goal in 2018. Would you simply characterize that the change in sales here is just not so significant relative to this 20% goal, that investors need to be concerned about the achievement of the 20% goal in light of the sales performance? 
Ken Powell: Look - we want to do all three. Our core metrics are revenue growth, margin expansion, and the efficiency with which we generate free cash flow and return it to shareholders. So all of those, we think are very important to our investors, and we’re very focused on all three. Clearly over the last several years, we’ve been highly focused on a variety of very positive restructuring initiatives just in terms of increasing the efficiency of our business model. That’s all been very good, and that’s included eliminating some volume that was unprofitable.  I think as we go forward and with the distractions of some of those things mostly behind us, we’re very highly focused on generating top line growth. Obviously that’s critical to sustaining our business model, and we’re very focused on that. That will be very important, and we’ll see things improve here in the second half and we’ll be highly focused on continuing that momentum as we go into F18.
David Driscoll: Thanks so much, and happy holidays.
Jeff Siemon: Great. Thanks everyone for sticking with us. I know we didn’t get to everybody, so I’ll be on the phone all day. Please give me a ring, look forward to speaking with you. Happy holidays everyone. 
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a good day everyone.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-09-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Powell - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Jeff Harmening - President Don Mulligan - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Jeff Siemon - Finance Director, Investor Relations
Analysts: Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets David Driscoll - Citigroup Chris Growe - Stifel Jason English - Goldman Sachs Andrew Lazar - Barclays Michael Lavery - CLSA
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the General Mills Quarter One Fiscal 2017 Earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question and answer session. At that time, if you have a question, please press the one followed by the four on your telephone. If at any time during the conference you need to reach an operator, please press star, zero. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, September 21, 2016. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Finance Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning everyone. I’m here with Ken Powell, our CEO, and Don Mulligan, our CFO. We also have Jeff Harmening in here, our President and COO, and he’ll be available during the Q&A at the end of the call. Our press release on first quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning and it’s also posted on our website. You can also find slides on our website that supplement this morning’s presentation. I’ll remind you that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions, and the second slide in today’s presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. With that, I’ll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Don.
Don Mulligan: Thanks Jeff, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our first quarter fiscal ’17 results.  General Mills’ performance in the first quarter was mixed. We made good progress against our 2017 adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS goals, but as Ken will tell you, our organic net sales results did not meet our expectations. We expect our sales growth to improve in the balance of the year as we see continued growth in certain businesses and as we execute a number of consumer first actions across our portfolio. We’ll also lap easier net sales comps in the remainder of the year. Over the course of our remarks this morning, we’ll note the businesses that saw particularly challenging comparisons this quarter. On the bottom line, we continue to progress towards our 20% adjusted operating profit margin goal, and we announced further margin expansion initiatives in July. We are reaffirming full-year fiscal ’17 growth targets today. Let me review our performance in the quarter. Slide 5 summarizes first quarter fiscal ’17 financial results. Net sales totaled $3.9 billion, down 7% as reported. Organic net sales declined 4%. Total segment operating profit totaled $787 million, down 4% on a constant currency basis. Recall that in last year’s first quarter, our total segment operating profit increased 23% in constant currency. Net earnings decreased 4% to $409 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.67 as reported. Adjusted diluted EPS, which excludes certain items affecting comparability, was $0.78. Constant currency adjusted diluted EPS decreased 1% compared to last year’s results that grew 36%. Slide 6 shows the components of total company net sales growth. Organic net sales declined 4% in the quarter, driven by lower organic pound volume growth, partially offset by two points of positive organic sales mix and net price realization. Foreign currency translation reduced net sales growth by one point, and the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures reduced net sales growth by an additional two points in the quarter. Turning to first quarter segment results, total U.S. retail net sales declined 8%. The snacks operating unit posted 2% net sales growth driven by excellent performance on Annie’s and Larabar. This was offset by declines in the other operating units. Organic net sales were down 5% from year-ago levels that were up 1%. The difference between reported and organic net sales results in U.S. retail primarily reflects the divestiture of Green Giant in fiscal ’16. In our convenience stores and food service segment, net sales declined 7% in the first quarter. Net sales in our Focus 6 businesses were down 1% versus last year primarily due to slower trends in convenience store channel, timing of customer orders for back to school, and a comparison against 9% growth a year ago. Yogurt, cereal, and biscuits posted the strongest growth in the Focus 6 platforms. Net sales declined 12% on our non-Focus 6 businesses driven by market index pricing on bakery flour.  Slide 9 summarizes our international segment net sales results in constant currency and on an organic basis. At the region level, constant currency net sales in Latin America grew 3% driven by strong snacks performance in Brazil and benefits from pricing. Net sales in the Asia Pacific region increased 1% in constant currency, reflecting low-single-digit growth in China. Canada sales were down 2% in constant currency. Excluding the Green Giant divestiture, constant currency net sales in Canada were up low-single digits. In Europe, sales were down 6% as we lapped 7% growth in last year’s first quarter behind the Haagen Dazs stick bar launch and good growth from Yoplait’s 50th anniversary news. On an organic basis, first quarter international segment net sales declined 1%. First quarter adjusted gross margin decreased 30 basis points from last year’s results that were up 290 basis points. For the full year, we continue to target $380 million of cost of goods sold HMM, which will more than offset our expectations of 2% input cost inflation. For the first quarter, adjusted operating profit margin expanded 80 basis points to 19.2% due in part to double-digit reductions in media spending on our foundation businesses and in U.S. yogurt, as well as incremental benefits from our cost savings initiatives, including zero-base budgeting. Slide 11 details our segment operating profit results in the first quarter. As I mentioned, total segment operating profit was down 4% in constant currency. U.S. retail segment operating profit declined 6% from year-ago levels that were up 38%. Constant currency international profit declined 11% due to currency driven inflation on products imported to Canada and the U.K. Convenience stores and food service profit was up 16% driven by lower input costs, higher grain merchandising earnings, and a comparison against a 9% decline in last year’s first quarter.  Combined after-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $24 million in the quarter, down 10% in constant currency primarily due to unfavorable mix and higher promotional expense as well as a comparison to a 16% growth in last year’s first quarter. CPW net sales grew 1% in constant currency with good gains in the Latin America and Asia, Africa and Middle East regions. Haagen Dazs Japan constant currency sales essentially matched year-ago results - they were up 9%. Slide 13 summarizes other noteworthy income statement items in the quarter. We incurred $86 million in restructuring and project-related charges in the quarter, including $27 million recorded in cost of sales. Corporate unallocated expenses, excluding certain items affecting comparability, decreased by $14 million in the quarter. Net interest expense decreased 2% from the prior year. We continue to expect full-year interest expense will be flat to last year.  The effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.9% as reported. Excluding items affecting comparability, the tax rate was 31.4%, 90 basis points below last year due to discrete state tax benefits and favorable impacts of U.S. federal tax legislation passed in fiscal ’16. We continue to expect our full-year tax rate will be 100 basis points higher than last year due to foreign tax credits and favorable settlements. Average diluted shares outstanding declined 1% in the quarter, in line with our full-year expectation of a 1% to 2% reduction.  Turning to the balance sheet, Slide 14 shows that our core working capital decreased 33% versus last year’s first quarter, primarily due to continued operational improvements across our businesses as well as the impact of the Green Giant divestiture. First quarter operating cash flow was $299 million, down from $431 million a year ago, largely driven by timing of payables. Capital investments in the quarter totaled $154 million. We remain on track to grow full year free cash flow mid-single digits, in line with our original guidance. We returned $627 million to shareholders through dividends and net share repurchases in the first quarter. We continue to make progress on our margin expansion goal. In July, we announced a number of new restructuring actions that will further support this effort. We plan to close our soup factory in Vineland, New Jersey in order to eliminate excess capacity in our U.S. retail supply chain. We expect this action will be completed by the end of fiscal ’19. Additionally, we are eliminating excess capacity and exiting unprofitable businesses in our international segment. In Brazil, we’ll close one of our snacks manufacturing facilities and we’ll cease production operations on certain snacks and meals products at another facility. We’re also restructuring our snacks business in China and have plans to stop production on certain underperforming products in that market. We expect these actions to be completed by the end of fiscal ’17. Our progress on margin expansion in the first quarter gives us increased confidence that we can achieve our goal of 20% adjusted operating profit margin by fiscal ’18. As we outlined in our investor day presentation in July, we see our margin expansion coming in three primary areas. First, we expect cost of goods sold HMM to outpace input cost inflation in fiscal ’17. Second, we now expect to deliver $620 million in savings from the administrative and supply chain restructuring initiatives we’ve announced to date, as well as the implementation of zero-base budgeting. This represents an incremental $270 million of savings over the next two years. Third, we’re implementing a number of additional initiatives, including trade and consumer spending efficiency, SKU optimization, and further savings from our supply chain and our ZBB efforts. We estimate the previously announced cost savings projects and the other new initiatives will combine to generate about 75% of our margin expansion in fiscal ’17 and ’18 in roughly equal measure, with the balance coming from our cost of goods HMM savings exceeding input cost inflation in fiscal ’17.  Let me close my portion of our remarks by reiterating that we are reaffirming the fiscal ’17 guidance we outlined in June, namely we expect organic net sales growth to be between flat and down 2%; we’re targeting total segment operating profit growth of 6 to 8% on a constant currency basis with adjusted operating profit margin expansion of 150 basis points, and we expect adjusted diluted EPS will be up between 6 and 8% in constant currency. We also now expect foreign currency translation will be a $0.02 headwind to full-year diluted EPS results. With that, I’ll turn you over to Ken.
Ken Powell: Okay, well thank you, Don, and good morning everyone. As Don described, we made god progress in the first quarter on our operating profit margin and adjusted diluted earnings per share goals; however, our net sales performance did not meet our expectations due to the challenging macro environment, a difficult year-over-year comparison, and a slower start to the year on certain businesses. We’re taking action to improve our net sales performance going forward, leveraging our consumer first focus. At the same time, we have a number of encouraging examples across our global portfolio where our efforts to adapt to evolving consumer interests are driving positive results. Let me share with you examples of the areas where we’re focused on driving improvement and the businesses leading our first quarter performance in each of our segments, starting with U.S. retail. There has been a good deal of discussion about retail sales trends in our industry recently. We have seen total U.S. food and beverage retail sales slow over the last few quarters. Units have held stable, but net price appreciation has decelerated from adding two points of growth a year ago to adding less than 50 basis points of growth in our first quarter. Nielsen data shows deflation in certain sections on the perimeter of the store, including dairy and meat, but we are seeing good price discipline in the vast majority of our categories where average unit prices are up a little more than 2%.  Performance for our U.S. retail businesses in the first quarter was mixed. We had a slower start than we planned on Yoplait, Fiber One bars, and in our cereal business, and we’re working to improve our performance in these categories going forward with innovation, renovation and good messaging. Retail sales for our foundation businesses were generally in line with our expectations; however, we saw double-digit net sales declines on Progresso soup driven by lower customer inventory levels, and our natural and organic businesses are driving excellent growth on core categories and with new innovation.  Let me share some more details on each of these businesses. We continue to see challenging trends on our U.S. yogurt business driven primarily by significant declines on our Yoplait Light and Greek 100 product lines. Consumers of traditional light yogurts are pivoting away from this segment in favor of products that provide more satiety like Greek yogurts. That said, there are a number of deeply loyal consumers who are committed to this segment and to our products, so we plan to continue serving these loyal consumers and will leverage our category management efforts to ensure that Yoplait Light remains the leading option within the light segment of the shelf.  On Greek 100, we were the first to market in the light Greek segment and built a strong early position; however, with significant competition in this segment, our products have become less differentiated, so we’re looking to change that by rolling out a significant product improvement over the next few months. Our reformulated line of Yoplait Greek 100 products will contain up to 40% more protein but are still only 100 calories and contain just nine grams of sugar, and we have dramatically improved the taste of these products while adding more protein, which is not an easy thing to do. Our new Yoplait Greek 100 products will be on shelf in time for weight management season in January.  We have yogurt renovation plans beyond Greek 100. In fact, by the end of the year, we will have renovated 60% of our yogurt portfolio. So far, we’ve made changes to our entire kid portfolio, including new packaging and a whole milk formula on our Yoplait kids line, larger multipacks and kid equity cups, and new sizes and fresh packaging on GoGurt yogurt in a tube. We’re also rolling out new packaging on our original style Yoplait yogurt as well. The improved visuals better communicate the great taste of our product and writing a flash on the front of the package to remind consumers that original style Yoplait contains six grams of protein. Our testing shows these changes drive increased consumer purchases, so we’re looking forward to getting this news on shelf in the second half of the year. We also have a strong slate of innovation rolling out in the first half in organic, beverages and Greek, which are the three fastest growing segments in the category. We entered the organic segment with Annie’s and Liberte in the first quarter. Our Annie’s product is a kid-targeted yogurt made from whole milk that comes in a range of flavors and formats, including cups, tubes, and large-sized tubs. Liberte, which is a leading brand in Canada but has a small presence in the U.S., has been re-launched as a premium organic line of yogurts targeted to adults. These launches are just rolling out to the market now, and although it’s still early, we’re seeing good distribution gains and strong early response from consumers.  The yogurt beverage segment is growing double digits, and we’ve introduced Yoplait Licuado and Smoothies to capitalize on this trend. These are highly successful products for our Yoplait franchisee in Mexico, so we’re targeting this launch to cities with large Hispanic populations with plans to expand geographically in future quarters.  Within Greek, we’ve added to our successful Greek 100 Whips line with more indulgent, higher calorie Greek Whips varieties that rolled out in the first quarter, and we have additional yogurt launches slated for the second half targeted toward the dessert and snacking occasions, which are also seeing good growth. We’re highly focused on improving our U.S. yogurt performance, and we believe that renovation and innovation are the keys to getting this business back to growth. That’s why we have such a broad set of initiatives this year, from strengthening our existing platforms with renovation on kid and original style Yoplait, new Greek Whips, and a significant product improvement on Greek 100, to building new segments in organic, beverages, desserts and snacking. About half of these initiatives are in market now and they will build over the course of the year. The remainder will come to market by January and should drive further improvement for our U.S. yogurt business in the back half of this year. Don mentioned that our U.S. cereal net sales were down 4% in the first quarter. Part of that decline was driven by a reduction in customer inventory levels as our retail sales in Nielsen measured outlets were only down 2%. But when looking at our cereal performance on a rolling 12-month basis, we’ve seen marked improvement from our trends a year ago with our latest 12-month retail sales down just under 1%. When we include non-measured channels, we’d estimate that performance would be closer to flat. We think we can continue to drive improvement in our cereal business by putting the consumer first and consistently delivering on their needs with innovation and renovation, just as we’ve been doing.  We continue to be encouraged by the performance from our two largest renovation initiatives, gluten-free Cheerios and no artificial colors or flavors news. Gluten-free Cheerios posted its fourth consecutive quarter of growth with retail sales up 2% in the first quarter. Similarly, the products we featured in our no artificial colors and flavors campaign have posted consistent growth since we began airing that advertising in January. Retail sales for these cereals were up another 3% in the quarter, so we like the traction we’ve gotten on our cereal renovation efforts and we’re also encouraged by the early results we’re seeing on cereal innovation, like Nature Valley and Annie’s, that is targeted squarely towards current consumer interests.  Annie’s cereals are certified organic and come in three varieties that kids will like: Berry Bunnies, Cocoa Bunnies, and Frosted Oat Flakes. We’re getting good feedback from consumers so far, and retailer acceptance has been excellent. We expect Annie’s cereal sales will build throughout the year as we grow distribution and get these products in front of more consumers. In addition to bringing meaningful renovation and innovation to our business, we’re implementing an initiative we call strategic revenue management, or SRM, to help us grow our cereal top line. As we said at our investor day event, we’re establishing a more rigorous formalized process to drive positive net price realization and will focus on four key levers within our SRM initiative: first, optimizing our prices to capture the full value for our brands across channels and then increasing our sophistication on price [indiscernible] architecture, managing our mix to maximize profitable growth, and driving promotional spending towards the highest returning activities. We’ve assessed the opportunities for each U.S. operating unit and have prioritized the levers that will drive the most meaningful impact for fiscal ’17 and ’18. Altogether, the combination of consumer first renovation and innovation, meaningful levels of consumer investment, and our strategic revenue management efforts should help us deliver improved net sales performance for our U.S. cereal business over the course of fiscal ’17. Our renovation efforts continue to work on Nature Valley as well. Our Nature Valley Crunchy line of granola bars, renovated last year to make them easier to bite, have posted 2% retail sales growth so far this year, and year-to-date retail sales for our gluten-free Nature Valley protein bars are up 5%. We also successfully launched Nature Valley Nut Butter Biscuits in fiscal ’16, and these products are continuing to drive growth this year. Consumers love these great tasting, more filling snacks that combine protein from nut butter with whole grain biscuits, helping drive turns in the top third of the category.  In fiscal ’17, we’re looking to build on the initiatives that have been driving growth for Nature Valley grain snacks. We’re bringing back a successful media campaign reminding consumers that our Nature Valley products contain no artificial flavors and colors, and we’ll expand our Nature Valley Nut Butter Biscuit line by introducing a cocoa almond butter variety to round out our current line-up of flavors. I mentioned earlier that Fiber One grain snacks have seen challenging trends so far this y ear. We think the key to stabilizing this business is to bring news that reminds consumers that Fiber One fulfills the need for permissible indulgence better than any other product in the bar section, so we’re investing in new media this year to drive home our key message of superior taste with the added benefit of fiber. We’re also launching new products to generate news. In January, we’re introducing two varieties of layered chewy bars, Salted Caramel Chocolate Chunk and Double Chocolate Almond. These products truly deliver on Fiber One’s promise of remarkable taste, and as we’ve seen in the past with Fiber One Brownies and Fiber One Cheesecake, delivering remarkable products to consumers usually translates to excellent growth, so we’re excited to get these products on shelf in the back half. Finally, we’re bringing compelling renovation news to the Fiber One franchise by removing artificial flavors, colors and sweeteners from our brownies line and from our largest chewy bar varieties. We’ve also reduced sugar on our oats and chocolate bars by 25%, all while maintaining their great taste of course. So we like the news we’re bringing to Fiber One snacks, and we look forward to seeing these initiatives gain traction in the coming quarters.  Now let’s turn to our natural and organic portfolio, where we’ve seen our top line results accelerate recently behind excellent ideas and great execution. For the most recent three-month period, our nine natural and organic brands posted 12% retail sales growth across natural and traditional channels. Annie’s and Larabar have been leading our growth so far this year. Retail sales for the Annie’s categories that existed at the time of acquisition, like mac ‘n cheese, crackers, and fruit snacks, were up 20% in the first quarter driven by continued distribution expansion and progress we’ve made moving Annie’s SKUs into the main aisle. Our recent category expansions, like yogurt, cereal, baked goods, snack bars, and soup are building distribution and helping grow household penetration for the Annie’s brand. Retail sales for all Annie’s products were up 28% in natural and traditional channels for the latest three-month period. Larabar has consistently grown double digits since we purchased the brand in 2008, but we’ve seen a step change in growth over the past six months with retail sales up more than 40% thanks to a great new advertising campaign, solid distribution expansion, and excellent in-store merchandising support.  Now let’s turn to our foundation businesses, which consist largely of refrigerated dough, soup, and baking mixes in U.S. retail. We mentioned at our investor day that we are working to drive efficiency on these businesses by reducing SKUs and optimizing spending, which we expect to result in the loss of some unprofitable volume. But at the same time, we’re bringing targeted news to consumers to ensure that they remain engaged with our brands.  On Pillsbury refrigerated dough, this summer we renovated the shelf set with shelf-ready packaging, a simplified assortment, and a new shelf layout making it easier for our customers to stock the products and for the consumer to shop the section. We’re transitioning our entire line of soup to antibiotic-free chicken, a first for a mainstream soup brand. More than 50% of Progresso soups contain chicken, so this is a significant initiative for the brand. We’re renovating a number of Betty Crocker dessert products, including our brownie line, giving consumers more of what they want. We’re making our products more premium by offering more caramel and fudge, and we’re upsizing the package, allowing consumers to make more brownies from the same box. We’re now entering the key season for these businesses, where they generate a large share of their revenue and profit for the year, and we feel confident that our plans will yield good results.  Now let’s turn to the convenience stores and food service segments. Don mentioned that net sales in this segment were down 7% driven primarily by index pricing on bakery flour. This pricing tracks with our flour input cost, so it’s profit neutral but it does hurt our top line. Don also mentioned that results on our Focus 6 platforms were impacted by the timing of back-to-school ordering. Despite this headwind, our cereal and yogurt businesses posted good net sales growth in the first quarter driven by continued strength on Cinnamon Toast Crunch and gluten-free Cheerios, as well as Yoplait Parfait Pro and large-sized yogurt tubs. Going forward, we expect this segment’s net sales performance will improve behind stronger growth on our Focus 6 businesses and less headwind from bakery flour pricing. Now let’s turn to highlights from our international segment, starting with Canada. Though constant currency net sales in Canada were down due to the Green Giant divestiture, we delivered three months of positive retail sales growth with gains across almost all our categories. Retail sales for our cereals were up 6% driven by strong back-to-school execution and benefits from our Olympic partnership. Wholesome snack retail sales were up 5% behind innovation and sustaining demand for better-for-you Nature Valley snacks, and retail sales for Old El Paso Mexican foods were up 11% thanks to stand-and-stuff innovation and continued distribution gains.  Wholesome snacks in Europe are off to a strong start as well with retail sales up 13% across the region in the latest three months. We’ve seen gains from our Nature Valley protein bar renovation, new packaging on Nature Valley Crunchy bars, and the launch of new Fiber One 90 calorie bars in the region, which provide consumers an indulgent treat with the benefit of fiber all at only 90 calories per serving. Old El Paso posted 5% retail sales growth in Europe behind strength across the portfolio, driven by stand-and-stuff taco shell innovation and distribution gains on the existing portfolio.  Don mentioned that in total, constant currency net sales declined in Europe this quarter due to comparisons against exceptionally strong growth for Haagen Dazs and Yoplait a year ago. As we lap those increases, we expect to see improved net sales growth in Europe in the remainder of the year. Turning to our Asia Pacific region, we delivered good performance on a number of businesses in China which was partially offset by the impact of our snacks restructuring. Yoplait is performing well in Shanghai, and we are looking to replicate that success with our recent entry into Beijing. Constant currency net sales were up mid-single digits on Haagen Dazs driven by same store sales growth in shops. We also saw mid-single digit constant currency net sales growth on Wanchai Ferry products led by performance in Tier 1 cities. In AMEA, Haagen Dazs is off to a strong start thanks to the introduction of stick bars, and Pillsbury mixes helped drive another quarter of growth in India.  Finally, in Latin America, our Mexico business continues to deliver strong double-digit snacks growth behind Nature Valley and Fiber One. These brands are capitalizing on Mexican consumers’ desire for great tasting better-for-you snacks, and we’re executing well behind good consumer marketing plans and solid in-store support. In Brazil, retail sales for Yoki snacks were up 5% in the latest three months behind Yoki popcorn and pricing across our portfolio. Our side dishes business is also performing well, positing 16% growth in the latest three-month period. As we look ahead to the remainder of fiscal ’17, we believe there are a number of reasons why our organic net sales performance will improve. First, our U.S. retail comparison goes from a year-ago revenue growth that was up low single digits to growth that was down low single digits in each of the next three quarters. Our comparisons ease in our other two segments as well, as we lap index price changes in convenience stores and food service and Europe’s strong summer performance in fiscal ’16. Second, we’re continuing to invest behind the renovation and innovation news that’s working, whether that’s cereal renovation, natural and organic in the U.S., or Old El Paso and Nature Valley across international. Third, we’re taking actions to improve performance on a number of businesses such as yogurt and Fiber One bars in U.S. retail. Finally, we’re implementing strategic revenue management to drive improved net price realization for our U.S. retail business. With that, let me summarize today’s remarks. We made good progress in the first quarter against our adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted diluted EPS goals. We had a slower start from net sales, but we have the right plans in place to improve performance going forward. We announced additional margin expansion initiatives in July which are part of our path to achieving our 20% adjusted operating profit margin, and we remain on track to deliver our full-year fiscal ’17 growth goals. So that concludes our prepared remarks this morning. I’ll now ask our Operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Grainger: Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for the question.
Ken Powell: Hi Matt.
Matthew Grainger: Hi. I wanted to ask two questions about yogurt. One, Ken or Jeff, could you address the broader category level trends you’re seeing in the weight management segment of the category, I guess particularly in Greek, because it seems as if the Greek 100 re-launch is a major component of your strategy to improve sales this year, and just wondering given all of the structural headwinds we’ve seen with some of the other categories with the weight management proposition around them, whether it’s cereal or core cup, is that something you’re seeing now bleeding into Greek as well, or is the issue really just one of competition?  Then I guess a related question for Don, you talked about double-digit reductions in media spending on yogurt. Just curious if that’s an issue of timing or whether you’re seeing a lower return profile that makes you comfortable pulling back there.
Jeff Harmening: So this is Jeff, and let me take on both of those questions and Don can follow up as needed on the second one that you asked. On the first one, as we look at broader category trends in yogurt and specifically in weight management, consumers are looking for in yogurt what they’re looking for across categories, which is a satiety benefit and ways to keep them fuller for longer. That’s the fundamental difference we see between our Greek 100 offering and why we’re renovating that and what we see in Yoplait Light, which are our two entries into this market. So that’s why you see us renovating Greek 100 as we are, adding 40% more protein and making it taste better at the same time, because we know consumers are looking for satiety. Greek 100 can give them that, but they’ll only do it if the product tastes really good, so the bar is pretty high. So that’s why we have a high degree of confidence in the renovation efforts we’re looking for on Greek 100 and why Yoplait Light--you know, we’ll be the leader in the light segment, but we don’t see that turning around in the same way that we see Greek 100 turning around. So that’s why you see us doing that. As it relates to spending, I’d mentioned this in our Q4 update that we’ll be taking our advertising down on yogurt this year and increasing our trade spending, because on our advertising, we weren’t seeing the returns that we wanted to see, and we way over-index on the category on advertising spending relative to our competition. So while we are reducing our advertising spending, we will still have more than our fair share of weight in advertising in the category, so we saw an opportunity to do that, which I also mentioned, as I said, in June.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, thanks. So given the breadth of new product activity that you have coming in the back half of the year, you’re comfortable that--so your ability to educate consumers on the relative benefits of all of those new offerings is going to be possible in the context of lower advertising?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, I do. We plan to advertise our new offerings, and one of the things that’s very clear about most of our categories, and is especially true about yogurt, is that innovation and whether that innovation takes the form of new products or whether that innovation takes the form of improving what you currently have, innovation clearly drives the yogurt category. When we get that right, which we think we have, by the way, on Annie’s and Liberte and what we see with our drinks, we know that that can move the needle and we’re looking forward to doing more of that in the second half.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, great. Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Zaslow: Hey, good morning everyone. 
Ken Powell: Morning Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow: My question kind of goes more to operating leverage, favorable operating leverage. So in the quarter, your sales were below expectations but your operating profit was where you wanted it to be. If you are able to hit your sales growth targets which you didn’t hit in the first quarter, how does that affect your operating leverage, and is there more upside to the outlook given that you have 75% of your savings that are already done for 2018, versus if you get more volume, is there some more favorable operating leverage? Can you talk about how that kind of plays through in the income statement?
Don Mulligan: Yes Ken, this is Don. You know, in the quarter what we saw was a couple things that allowed us to bring in the profit. One was we had very strong plant and manufacturing performance. As we referenced, our media was down double digits for the quarter, which is ahead of what our full-year guidance had been. We had some favorable timing in below-the-line items - our corporate items, our tax lines, interest as I mentioned, and those will even out as the year unfolds. Our focus is on delivering the year. I’ll touch a little bit on media because Jeff touched on it or talked about it with Yoplait. Given that we were coming out of the quarter with media spending down double digits, we now expect media to be down double digits for the full year - that’s a little bit lower than we had originally anticipated. The reductions will be in the same places - the foundation businesses and U.S. yogurt, and will continue to increase in our growth businesses. But that’s the reality of coming in a little light on our top line in the first quarter. Now that all said, we continue to look for, and as you point out, we believe our strong margin performance will help provide the fuel to reinvest in high return ideas as the year unfolds, so as Jeff alluded to, whether it’s in yogurt or other businesses, as we launch new products and as we see traction on those new products, we believe some of the cost savings initiatives we have, some of the operating leverage we’re going to be able to generate will help us fund those ideas as the year unfolds.
Kenneth Zaslow: So if you didn’t get the volume growth, you would probably not spend as much and you’d still get the savings. Is that the--? And if you get the volume growth that you expect, you’ll reinvest to keep the momentum going - is that a fair assessment? 
Don Mulligan: We have very good line of sight to the cost savings that we’ve talked about, we started talking about in June and July. We are certainly going to make sure that we invest behind the ideas that are gaining traction with consumers.
Kenneth Zaslow: Great, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
David Driscoll: Great, thank you, and good morning everyone. Just wanted to maybe simplify this slightly. So sales are down a lot, you said they were down more than what you expected in the quarter. Can you guys just categorize for me how you feel about the different factors, whether it’s environment, just a tough environment, the tough comps that you faced in the year-ago period, or the specific category problems that you have in certain General Mills brands, i.e. yogurt and others? How do you grade those different factors in trying to just say big picture, what happened to sales in this quarter? 
Jeff Harmening: Well David, this is Jeff. I think as we--as Ken started out his comments, the macro environment is tough. It’s tough globally, but our focus really is on what we control. One of the things that we’ve seen time and again is that when we focus on the things that we can control, we can have a lot of success. Gluten-free is a great example of that in the cereal category. So as we look at our first quarter, there are some things that we need to improve in our yogurt business really around innovation and renovation, and we feel like that’s up to us regardless of the macro environment. We like some things that we’re seeing in cereal despite the fact that it was down 4% in the first quarter. We think that we can probably spend more against initiatives that are working well, like gluten-free and Cheerios, and we really like our innovation coming up in snacks in the second half of this year. So what I would tell you is that yes, the macro environment does play a piece, but we are laser-focused on the things within our control and feel good about our ability to improve our top line trends, both here in the U.S. and globally.
David Driscoll: Just to follow up here, can you give us some comments on second quarter revenue expectations? I think that--you know, your comments at back-to-school were disturbing to a lot of people, and the stock has been a significant underperformer, so I’d rather not go through a repeat of this if second quarter revenues are going to be something well below where the consensus has been modeling. You normally don’t give this stuff, but in light of what’s happened in the quarter, would you be willing to give us some guidance right there on that one?  Then just one final tack-on to all this top line stuff, did the SRM play any factor in the first quarter? Was any of the volume decline here, quote-unquote, the elimination of unprofitable volume? Thank you.
Don Mulligan: David, let me give you some insights into the balance of the year. We do expect Q2 to be better than Q1 from an organic sales growth standpoint, and we expect the second half to be better than Q2. A couple of factors to take into account as you think about the Q1 to Q2 movements, and we talked about these in the script but it may be good just to consolidate them all, first is the comps.  Again, our F16 Q1 organic sales growth was the highest of the year at plus-2, and all segments showed growth and we had particular strength in Europe behind Haagen Dazs and Yoplait. In Q2, we’ll begin lapping negative organic growth, which was driven to a large extent by reduced merchandising on cereal and snacks at one of our large U.S. customers, so first is the comps will ease for some very specific reasons.  Second, we expect even better price appreciation in Q2 versus Q1. Q1, we had two points of price mix appreciation, and we expect even more. In Q2, we start seeing the benefit of SRM, the trade optimization actions that we’re taking in our foundation businesses in the U.S. We expect to see continued pricing benefits in Brazil, and we expect lower drag from the bakery flour pricing in our convenience stores and food service business, so the second factor is we think pricing will improve, our price mix appreciation will improve in the second quarter. Pipeline plays a bit of a role. We mentioned that we saw the consumer off take ahead of shipments for U.S. cereal. We also saw it for soup. We also had some inventory reductions in a large customer in our C&F business, and we don’t expect any of those to recur in Q2. Lastly and the most important factor, of course, is the positive impact of all the consumer first initiatives that Ken and Jeff have talked about.  So we expect Q2 to be better than Q1, we expect the second half to be better than the first half, and we expect the full year to come in between our flat and minus-2 guidance that we initiated back in June.
Ken Powell: The SKU impact--
Don Mulligan: Oh, I’m sorry. The SKU impact, there might have been some minor impact in the first quarter, but I wouldn’t attribute a lot of the reduction in the first quarter to SKU rationalization.
David Driscoll: Thank you for all the color. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Just had a quick question for you, two questions if I could. The first one, in relation to both the convenience store and food service division and international, you did have some unique factors but that organic growth was down in the quarter. Do you expect organic growth to be up or to grow in those two divisions for the year?
Ken Powell: We certainly expect organic growth in international, and for food service, we’ll see that improve. It’ll really somewhat depend on bakery flour pricing. We certainly expect improved performance in that low to mid-single digit range for our Focus 6, which is very consistent with what we’ve seen over the last handful of years, but it’s always tough to call that segment in total because of the bakery flour pricing. [Indiscernible] is we certainly expect stronger performance and positive organic growth in the Focus 6.
Chris Growe: Okay, and then I had kind of a two-point question, if I could. First is do you expect your gross margin to be up roughly 150 basis points for the year? I do see your target of operating margin being up that much. Maybe relate to that or in addition--go ahead, sorry Don.
Don Mulligan: Yes, we do.
Chris Growe: Okay. So kind of related to that, with media spending being down more than you expected, I guess I wanted to be clear, does some of that spending shift to promotion? We heard that certainly in yogurt, for example. Is that just true savings for the company, or is it being redirected to other areas like trade promotion?
Jeff Harmening: Well, there are two answers to that. For our U.S. business, our marketing spending is going to be down for the year, and the only place we’ve really shifted to more trade spending is in yogurt. Otherwise for our foundation businesses as well as for cereal and snacks, we look to price appreciation and strategic revenue management to help us out on that. The place where there really is a timing shift is international, where our media spending was down in the first quarter, and that really is a matter of timing. We like our initiatives in our international group and we see our spending in media up in the last three quarters. 
Chris Growe: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. Thank you for the question. Two questions - first, a housekeeping item. Can you give us what the performance was in U.S. retail for your foundation versus growth portfolios this quarter? 
Jeff Siemon: The foundation businesses were--in U.S. retail specifically were minus-2%--sorry, this is Jeff Siemon talking, Jason. Then--yes, minus-2, and that’s really fully attributable to yogurt. It was up modestly excluding yogurt--sorry, growth businesses, I apologize, Jason. Foundation businesses were down 8%, driven primarily by soup which was, as Don said, saw some deliveries trail Nielsen off take, and mid-single digit declines in baking product units, as you saw in Don’s slide.
Jason English: Thank you, that’s really helpful. Now thinking about the forward, it’s pretty clear from the prepared remarks that you’re banking on a lot of price realization to help get some of the acceleration. It stands a bit in contrast to what we’re seeing from the industry at large - you know, grocers talking about deflationary pressure, promotions sort of ticking back up in the industry overall, and some conjecture that given the market share battles happen at grocers, there’s going to be a fair amount of pressure put on manufacturers to help fund some of that. So I was hoping that you could just give us some context of what you’re seeing in the industry overall, what gives you confidence on the ability to deploy some of these initiatives, and maybe in line with that context, how the retailers have received the direction and early indications of the path you’re going down so far.
Jeff Harmening: Jason, this is Jeff, and I think that’s an excellent question. I think it’s also a really important one, so let me start big picture and work our way back to the category initiatives you talked about. Big picture, we see in Nielsen data and certainly I have heard from a lot of our retailers over the last month in my direct conversation with them, is that we see prices deflationary, or the inflation reducing in the store over the course of the last quarter or so. As we look, and Ken shared with you earlier, as we look at the items in grocery that contain the UPC code, we have about half a percent growth - I think it’s 0.4%. A big portion of that is really reduction in egg pricing from a year ago, so if you strip out the pricing on eggs, it’s about 1% inflation, which is pretty consistent with the last couple of quarters. So we had the flu last year and the price of eggs was really high, and it’s a lot lower now, so that accounts for a lot I’ve also heard from a lot of retailers about deflation in other parts non-UPC, so the perimeter of the store in things like dairy and meat, but what we’re seeing in our categories really is about 2.5% price appreciation in the first quarter, and that’s what we’re seeing in our Nielsen in our categories as well. So as we look--and we’ve seen quite good price discipline in the vast majority of our categories, and there’s no reason for us to think that that won’t continue going forward. Certainly as we look to our SRM initiatives, we’re gaining increased confidence that those are going to be effective. When we talk to retailers about our pricing and what we’re going to do with our foundation brands, we find a pretty receptive audience, to be honest, and the first fact is that 75% of our business is growth and 25% foundational, so we start with that. Within the foundational brands, our retailers are looking for a little bit of inflation, so to the extent that they see deflation in some areas, a little bit of inflation in other areas isn’t such a bad thing. They key to that really is to bring some level of investment to the category in other forms, so I’ve talked about it before but it’s really important in that Progresso is going to be about antibiotic-free chicken and on Pillsbury, it’s a new shelf set, as well as improving the quality of our products, so we’re making investments in other ways and our retailers are really receptive to that. So we’re not just milking these businesses but managing for cash, the really foundation businesses, and when we see good opportunities for investment in things other than pricing, we’re doing those.
Don Mulligan: Jason, one other thing I’ll add to it. You made a comment that we’re banking a lot on pricing. I just don’t want it to be overplayed. As we look at our Q1 to Q2 improvement in organic sales growth, it’s about equal parts pricing and volume, so it’s not just relying on the pricing lever. As we get to the back half, it’s actually more driven by volume improvement in the back half. So pricing plays a role, but I don’t want you to overestimate the role of pricing.
Jason English: Thank you, that’s helpful. Appreciate the color. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Morning everybody. With the strategic revenue management actions, which I think you said were primarily in cereal but that could be over the foundation brands as well that you talked about this morning, I guess typically that means there’s a willingness to trade off a bit of less profitable volume for better profitability, which makes sense. I guess my question is whether General Mills’ capacity utilization in those categories in which some of these actions are likely to be most pronounced, maybe is at a level that can handle some of the potential volume consequences of such a strategy on things like overhead absorption and such, or I guess could there be a need at some point for maybe further supply chain actions in addition to what you’ve announced already and discussed earlier on the call?
Jeff Harmening: Andrew, this is Jeff. A couple of points. To address your first question about where we’re going to work on strategic revenue management, it really started in cereal and we’re fast following in the rest of our categories in the U.S. as well, in fact all of North America we’re looking at it. So it’s a capability that we’re developing broadly, and yes, cereal has been the farthest ahead but it’s fast following to the rest of our categories, and you’ll soon see that. As regards to capacity, we have made the moves in pricing and strategic revenue management with an eye toward capacity as we look forward, so clearly if there are additional capacity--if there’s additional capacity, we’ll remove that if we need to optimize our supply chain. You see that with soup, for example, in this last quarter where we saw an opportunity to improve the profitability and viability of our soup business by closing our Vineland plant. So to the extent we see opportunities like that, whether it’s here or other parts of the world, we’ll certainly take advantage of that; but our capacity utilization decisions that we’ve announced already have been made with an eye toward the actions that we’re taking now.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with CLSA. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lavery: Morning. You mentioned, I think, about 10 yogurt innovations and renovations in your slides and remarks, and just was wondering if you could give us a sense of how much you’ve revealed versus what you may still have yet to communicate. I know you’ve talked a lot about different plans and some things are coming in the second half. If there more to come, or is this essentially what your year’s plans are going to look like? I know sometimes for competitive reasons, obviously, you don’t want to say those are, but just maybe kind of a sense of where we are in the pacing of what’s been revealed
Jeff Harmening: I appreciate your sensitivity on that. You know, what I would tell you is that kind of the quantity of what we’re going to share, I think we’ve probably already revealed. But in terms of the specifics, and I think we haven’t talked about snacking, what we’re going to do in the second half of the year, and desserts, we haven’t talked about what those are. We’ve said we’re going to come with something but we haven’t mentioned the specifics of that, so we’ll do that at a later date. But there are two more initiatives coming in the second half of the year which we’ve just let you know about, which leads into the 10, I think that you articulated.  Then we’ve also got a good pipeline as we look at F18, which is why we have confidence that we can improve our business in the back half of ’17 and also again in F18, because we have a pipeline of offerings that we really like. 
Michael Lavery: Just related to that, I guess two questions I’d love to understand a little bit better. One is where do you see the biggest opportunities and how do they compare to each other, and then how do you communicate that to the trade in terms of where your focus is, or is it just several equally sized or interesting opportunities, especially with your shift from media to trade spending? How do you manage that in terms of your go-to-market with the customers?
Jeff Harmening: So in terms of our biggest opportunities, let me--I guess the question is probably U.S.-related--
Don Mulligan: And yogurt.
Michael Lavery: U.S. yogurt, yes, specifically. Right.
Jeff Harmening: U.S. yogurt related. We’ve talked to our retailers about what we’re brining now, and we’re starting to have discussions about our pipeline of innovation. I can tell you, and I just sat down with a few last week, they’re excited about what we’re bringing, they really are, and they believe in the vision of the category that we have. They know that we have been a growth leader in this category for 40 years and that we intend to be for another 40, but right now we’re struggling, so they know all of that. What I would tell you is that they see a lot of innovation in the yogurt category, and the yogurt CAGR is so big and has so many different segments, it can have multiple layers of innovation, they just can’t be competing with each other. So Annie’s yogurt, for example, doesn’t really compete with Liberte, even though they’re both organic, because one is geared towards adults and one is mom with kids. Greek 100 is yet again in the weight management area, so the key to the innovation is making sure that you have innovation that’s meaningful and that you’re bringing in different segments so they're not overlapping. But the category is big enough now in yogurt to withstand a lot of innovation as long as it’s strong.
Michael Lavery: How do you manage the sales execution risk, I guess, as part of it? You just have so much on your plate at once, typically the more focused you can give execution instructions to sales, the better they can go out and block and tackle. How do you handle it in a different situation like this?
Jeff Harmening: Well, I think the first key for us is we have the best sales force in the industry, so they’re capable of handling multiple initiatives at the same time. We’re very focused with them on what our priorities are, and they know that yogurt is one of our growth priorities, so I have no reason to doubt that we won’t be excellent in our execution of our new products in yogurt in the second half, just as we have been with Liberte and Annie’s and the reformulation of our GoGurt business here in the first quarter. 
Michael Lavery: Thank you very much.
Jeff Siemon: Okay Operator, Jennifer, I think that’s all the time we have. We’re at the 8:30 mark, so I think let’s wrap up here. Thanks everyone. I know we didn’t get to everyone who was queued up for a question, so I’m available all day if you want to give me a ring and I’ll be happy to follow up. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-06-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Siemon - Director of IR Ken Powell - CEO Don Mulligan - CFO Chris O'Leary - EVP; COO, International Jeff Harmening - EVP; COO, U.S. Retail
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Chris Growe - Stifel Ken Goldman - JP Morgan Alexia Howard - Bernstein Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo David Driscoll - Citigroup
Presentation:
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter Year-end F16 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday June 29, 2016. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thanks Tina and good morning, everyone. I’m here with Ken Powell, our CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO and I’ll turn the call over to them in just a minute. We also have here Chris O'Leary who runs our international business, and Jeff Harmening who today leads the US retail. They will be available during Q&A at the end of the call. A press release on fourth quarter and year-end results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning, though admittedly not as early as we wanted, we had some issues with our press release service IT and so thanks for bearing with us, this morning we apologies, obviously I will be available if we don't get to everyone's questions at the end of the call. The release was also posted on our website and you could find slides on the website that supplements this morning's presentation. Our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions. The second slide in today’s presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And one additional housekeeping item, beginning in fiscal 2017 we will report net sales growth on an organic basis which we define as net sales adjusted for the impact of foreign currency translation as well as acquisitions, divestitures and the 53rd week when applicable. We will do this at the segment and total company level in order to provide you with better visibility to the underlying performance of our businesses. The fiscal ‘17 net sales growth guidance Don will provide today will be stated on an organic basis and for reference we posted three years of organic net sales growth history on our website. And with that let me briefly turn you over to Ken for a few words before Don reviews our 2016 financial performance.
Ken Powell: Thanks, Jeff. I just wanted to make a brief acknowledgement before we begin. Many of you saw the announcement last week that we have promoted Jeff Harmening to the role of President and Chief Operating Officer of General Mills with responsibility for global operations. Many of you know Jeff as a seasoned trusted leader with a wide range of General Mills experience in the US and internationally. He has been central to our efforts to embed consumer first across organization and have successfully led our US retail organization through important changes that we've made in recent years. I have confidence that Jeff is the right person to lead global operations and look forward to continuing to partner with him to drive growth and returns for our shareholder. So with that, I’ll let Don get back to the business at hand.
Don Mulligan: Thanks, Ken and good morning to all. Fiscal 2016 was an important step forward for General Mills. We are encouraged by the traction we saw at our consumer first initiatives on many important businesses, our operating performance strengthened as we returned to growth in organic sales and segment operating profit, made good progress on margin expansion and exceeded our adjusted diluted EPS guidance. We took important strategic actions during the year to reshape our portfolio for growth including the divestiture of the Green Giant business in North America, significant category expansion to the Annie’s brand, the launch of Yoplait in China, and the acquisitions of EPIC Provisions meat snacks in the US and the Carolina yogurt business in Brazil. But we didn't hit the mark everywhere, we were disappointed in our performance in US Yogurt and our China results excluding the Yoplait launch finished below our expectations as the external environment in that market remains challenging. We also experienced merchandising headwinds in a large US customer which we should laugh after the first quarter of fiscal 2017. As noted in this morning's press release, we are building on successes in fiscal 2016 to increase our fiscal 2018 cost savings target and accelerate and increase our adjusted operating profit margin goal. Our cost savings initiatives which include projects Century, Catalyst, and Compass and further administrative cost savings from zero-based budgeting generated $350 million in total annual savings in fiscal 2016, ahead of our original target. We have good visibility to continue strong in cost savings over the next two years and as a result we are increasing our total annual savings target to $600 million by fiscal 2018, up from the previous target of $500 million. We are also implementing further efforts to optimize our spending, reduce complexity and streamline our operations to drive profitable growth, which will result in accelerated margin expansion. We now expect to achieve an adjusted operating profit margin of 20% by fiscal 2018, up from the previous target of 18% by fiscal ‘20. This new target represents an increase of 400 basis points over fiscal 2015 levels. Now let's review fiscal 2016 results beginning on slide 6. Remember this quarter's results were negatively impacted by foreign exchange, the Green Giant divestiture and the comparison to the 53rd week a year ago. We also align the Yoplait Europe business with our fiscal calendar which causes to report an extra month for that business in the quarter. Net sales totaled $3.9 billion, down 9% as reported and down 8% in constant currency, driven by the impact of divestitures in the 53rd week comparison. Segment operating profit totaled $654 million, down 18% on a constant currency basis reflecting our highest quarter of input cost inflation as well as the items I mentioned earlier. Net earnings more than doubled to $380 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.62 as reported. Adjusted diluted EPS which excludes certain items affecting comparability were $0.66, down 12% from last year's fourth quarter and down 11% in constant currency. Slide 7 shows the components of total company net sales growth. Organic net sales grew 1% in the quarter, driven by pound volume growth. Foreign currency translation reduced net sales growth by 1 point, the 53rd week reduced net sales growth by 6 points and the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures reduced net sales growth by 3 points in the fourth quarter. Slide 8 summarizes our results for the full year. Net sales totaled $16.6 billion, down 6% as reported and down 2% in constant currency. Full year net sales increased modestly on an organic basis. Total segment operating profits totaled $3 billion, up 1% in constant currency. Net earnings increased 39% to $1.7 billion and diluted EPS was to $2.77 as reported. Adjusted diluted EPS was $2.92, up 2% from fiscal 2015. Constant currency adjusted diluted EPS increased 5% compared to a year ago. Turning to our segment results, slide 9 summarizes US retail performance. Full year net sales were down 5% including a 2 point decline from the net impact of the Green Giant sale and Annie’s and EPIC acquisitions. The 53rd week comparison reduced annual net sales growth by an additional 1 point. Excluding the extra week last year, our cereal operating unit posted net sales growth in 2016. Segment operating profit increased 1% for the full year and operating profit margin increased 120 basis points to nearly 22%. In the convenience and foodservices segment, our as six focus platforms posted 5% net sales growth in fiscal ‘16 with the strongest performance coming from frozen meals. This is the third consecutive year our six focus platforms have grown at a mid-single digit rate or better. Full year segment net sales declined 4%, driven by market index pricing on bakery flour and the exit of low margin businesses in late fiscal ‘15. Full year segment operating profit was up 7%, driven by favorable product mix and our cost saving efforts. Slide 11 summarizes our international segment net sales results stated in constant currency. For the full year international net sales grew 3% including increases of 12% in Latin America, 3% in Europe and 1% in Asia Pacific. Canada net sales declined 4% but were up low-single digits excluding the divestiture of Green Giant. In total, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures, and the impact of one less week reduced full-year net sales growth as reported by 2 points. Constant currency international segment operating profit declined 3% in fiscal 2016, primarily due to currency driven inflation on important products in certain markets, the impact of Green Giant divestiture and the difference in weeks. As I said earlier we made good progress on expanding margins in fiscal 2016. Full year adjusted gross margin increased 90 basis points driven by cost savings initiatives more than offsetting modest input cost inflation which totaled 2% for the full year. After-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $88 million in fiscal 2016, up 12% in constant currency, primarily due to favorable input cost and volume growth for Häagen-Dazs Japan. Both JVs contributed to this strong profit growth. On a constant currency basis, net sales for Cereal Partners Worldwide were flat to last year with first half declines offset by growth in the second half. Häagen-Dazs Japan constant currency net sales increased 5% for the full year driven by excellent results on new products. Slide 14 shows that our core working capital declined 41% versus last year's fourth quarter, primarily due to continued operational improvement across our businesses, plus the one-time benefit of the Green Giant divestiture. This is the 13th consecutive quarter we reduced our core working capital versus the prior year. Full-year operating cash flow was $2.6 billion, up 3% versus last year. Capital expenditures totaled $729 million. Full-year free cash flow was $1.9 billion, up 4% versus last year as we converted 104% of our adjusted after-tax earnings to free cash, ahead of our long-term goal of 95%. We paid $1.1 billion in dividends in 2016 and dividends per share were $1.78, up 7% from last year. Net share repurchases totaled $435 million and we reduced average net shares outstanding by 1% in line with our guidance. Slide 16 highlights our key assumptions for fiscal 2017. We expect to drive organic net sales growth of low-single digits for our growth businesses which represent three-four of our portfolio. Net growth will be offset by mid-single digit organic declines on the remainder of portfolio where we are prioritizing profitable volume. The Green Giant divestiture will reduce net sales by about 1 point and EPS by approximately $0.03. We expect to deliver $380 million of cost of goods HMM which will more than offset cost inflation of 2%. And we will deliver an incremental $150 million of cost savings in fiscal 2017 from previously announced projects which will bring the total annual savings figure to $500 million. Finally, on slide 17 we see a summary of our fiscal 2017 guidance. We expect organic net sales growth to be in the range between down 2% and flat reflecting the actions we’re taking to reduce unprofitable volume on certain businesses. Adjusted gross margin is targeted to be up 150 basis points driven by our margin expansion initiatives. Media investment is expected to down high-single digits. We project total segment operating profit will increase 6% to 8% on a constant currency basis and we expect our adjusted operating margin - operating profit margin will be 150 basis points above the 16.8% we delivered in fiscal ‘16. Interest expense is expected to be flat to last year reflecting relatively stable rate environment, higher debt levels and changes in mix of debt. We expect our adjusted tax rate to be up 100 basis points due to the phasing of foreign tax credits and favorable F16 settlements. We plan to continue returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases. For fiscal 2017 we are targeting a net reduction of 1% to 2% in average diluted shares outstanding. And we expect adjusted diluted EPS to be up between 6% and 8% in constant currency. We estimate foreign currency will be a $0.01 to $0.02 headwind to full-year adjusted diluted EPS growth in 2017. But I will note that this figure does not include the recent fluctuations in the British pound. Finally, we expect 2017 first quarter adjusted diluted EPS will be below last year's first quarter that grew 36% in constant currency. We expect to post adjusted diluted EPS growth in each of the remaining three quarters of 2017. And with that I’ll turn the call over to Ken.
Ken Powell: Okay, well thanks Don and once again good morning to all of you. Fiscal 2016 was an important step forward for our business. Our consumer first renovation and innovation news gained traction on a number of businesses that we have work to do in certain areas to improve our trends. We reshaped our portfolio with strategic acquisitions and divestitures and we strengthened our business model and drove a significant increase in our profit margin. Let me share some 2016 highlights across our businesses starting with US cereal. The US cereal category has improved considerably since last year, returning to growth in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. Importantly this improvement is being driven by stronger renovation and innovation aligned with current consumer interests supported by effective marketing investment. And General Mills has been a key contributor to the category turnaround. Our cereal business has consistently strengthened throughout the year with retail sales up 3% in the fourth quarter and as Don mentioned, full-year net sales for our cereal business grew in fiscal 2016 on an organic basis. Consumer first renovation has been critical to our renewed growth. We launched gluten-free Cheerios last summer to address the needs of the many consumers who are reducing or eliminating their gluten intake. After declining 8% in fiscal 2015, retail sales on our renovated Cheerios variety, which make up roughly 90% of the Cheerios franchise, increased 5% in the second half of 2016. We also announce that we’re removing artificial colors and flavors from our cereal line, 75% of our cereals met this claim by January and at that time we began advertising behind seven newly renovated cereals including Trix, Golden Grams and Reese's Puffs. And I'm very happy to say consumers are responding, these seven varieties posted 8% retail sales growth in the back half of the year compared to 6% decline in 2015. And much of that growth has come from full priced baseline sales. Sales of our Nature Valley bars strengthened throughout the year as our product renovation news gained traction. We made our crunchy bars easier to bite addressing our top consumer complaint. We also told consumers about our gluten-free options and reminded them that Nature Valley bars are free from artificial colors and flavors. Retail sales grew 4% in the second half of fiscal 2016, including 5% growth in the fourth quarter. Lärabar has posted consistent double-digit growth since we acquired the business eight years ago. We continue to look for ways to expand penetration beyond its current consumer base and accelerate the brand's growth. And to that end Lärabar launched its first-ever TV campaign in January and together with strong in-store merchandising and distribution support the business has grown 40% in Nielsen measured channels. We will continue this support in fiscal 2017. Net sales for our natural and organic portfolio which includes Lärabar were up double-digit in 2016. In January, we expanded our portfolio with the addition of EPIC Provisions meat snacks. We now have a portfolio of nine brands that generates $750 million in pro forma net sales in 2016 and we are well on our way to achieving our goal of $1 billion in net sales by 2019. Now fiscal 2016 was a disappointing year for our US Yogurt topline and share. Dairy deflation sparked increased competition and we were not as aggressive in reinvesting this favorability. In addition, our marketing and innovation efforts underperformed our expectations. However, we were able to improve our profitability through record level HMM and spending discipline. We remain very committed to winning in the US Yogurt category and we recognize that we have work to do to improve our performance and I’ll share more detail on these plans in just a moment. We posted good performance in 2016 during the soup and baking seasons. We grew ready to serve soup market share by 2 points during the soup season thanks to successful merchandising, product renovation news and good advertising. Our Pillsbury refrigerated dough business had a good baking season with growth in retail sales and market share up 1.8 points. These results were driven by distribution gains on our top selling products. And we grew market share for our dessert mixes during the key baking season by aligning our prices more closely with our competition. Turning to convenience stores and foodservice segment we saw another year of good growth in 2016 for our focused six platforms with net sales up 5%. Frozen meals lead our performance posting strong double-digit net sales growth behind our K-12 meals lead by Mini Bagels one of our biggest product launches in recent history. We continue to see strong performance on our cereal bowl packs and these help drive mid-single digit net sales growth for our cereal business in 2016. And net sales for our yogurt business were up on the strength of Yoplait, ParfaitPro, and our kid yogurts. Now let's turn to our international segment and our developed market businesses. We posted low-single digit retail sales growth in Canada in fiscal 2016. Growth on our snacks and Old El Paso businesses there was fuelled by consumer first innovation including Nature Valley Nut & Seed Crisps and Old El Paso Stand 'N Stuff Tacos. Retail sales in our Europe region were also up low-single digits, behind the success of our Häagen-Dazs Stick Bars launched in France and innovation driven growth on Old El Paso. In emerging markets, constant currency Latin American net sales were up 12% in 2016, driven by good performance on seasonings, inflation driven pricing and our acquisition of Carolina yogurt. Yoplait in Shanghai achieved 10% share in the latest quarter and has helped offset a slowdown Häagen-Dazs shop performance in China, driven by challenging economic conditions. Finally, net sales in India were up double-digit behind innovation and geographic expansion. CPW, our 50-50 joint venture with Nestlé exited fiscal 2016 with momentum posting 3% net sales growth in the fourth quarter. This performance was driven by product innovation and renovation including good growth on its line of gluten-free cereal. For the year, CPW constant currency net sales matched year ago results while profits grew double-digit. So, overall in fiscal 2016 we made important progress to strengthen our business model and improve momentum on a number of business lines. In fiscal 2017, our plan is to build on last year's successes while maintaining our strategic focus on consumer first. We're sharpening the way we think about our portfolio by being more choice full about our level of investments and expectations for growth across our businesses resulting in focused growth and strong margin expansion in 2017. We're taking a strategic approach to define growth and foundation portfolio roles for our business in 2017 taking into consideration category and brand strength, competitive dynamics and relative return on investment. Our growth businesses include cereal, snack bars, our national and organic brands, yogurt, [indiscernible] and Old El Paso in all of these within US retail. Then the focus six platforms in our convenience stores and foodservice segment, and finally all of our international markets are included in the growth classification. Now for most of these growth businesses we are building of positive net sales momentum in 2016, in some cases for example US Yogurt in China, we see strong long-term growth potential but we need to improve our current trajectory. In total these growth businesses make up approximately 75% of our net sales in a similar proportion of operating profit and we expect them to grow at a low-single digit rate in fiscal 2017. Our second group of businesses is no less critical to the success of our company but play a different role, they’re part of the foundation of our business and deliver strong consistent profit that helps fund topline growth initiatives and return cash to shareholders. In aggregate, their topline growth prospects are not as robust as the first group so we will be very selective in our growth investments focusing where we have strong ROI. These foundation businesses make up the remaining 25% of our net sales and consist primarily of refrigerated dough, desserts and soup in US retail as well as bakery flour and frozen dough products in our convenience stores and foodservice segments. We expect 2017 net sales on these businesses to decline mid-single digits as we reduce unprofitable volume and drive improved margin. Now let me share an overview of our fiscal 2017 plans across our portfolio beginning with our US business. We exited 2016 with good momentum on both US cereal and snack bars. And we plan to drive growth on these businesses again in 2017. We will continue our renovation efforts by converting two more Cheerios varieties to gluten-free and by removing artificial colors and flavors from five additional cereals. We’re also launching a number of exciting new cereals including three varieties of Annie’s cereals and two varieties of Tiny Toast which are hitting shelves now. To support these efforts we have a strong media plan in place with cereal investment up mid-single digits. And we are focused on optimizing merchandising and driving positive net price realization for our cereal business. We have a good line-up of news on our snack bars businesses as well. We are renovating the packaging on Nature Valley bars, launching new flavors of our popular Nature Valley Nut Butter biscuits and introducing Nature Valley backpacker oatmeal snacks geared towards school-aged kids. On Lärabar, we plan to extend our strong performance into fiscal 2017 with continued media and in-store support. We also have a full slate of plan for Annie’s, our largest natural and organic business. We posted double-digit growth on distribution of our core products last year and we plan to continue to leverage the strength of our US retail sales force to drive double-digit distribution growth in 2017. We will also benefit from a full-year of category expansion in soup, yogurt, and cereal. And we have even more Annie’s news that Jeff Harmening will tell you about at our Investor Day event in two weeks. We believe in the long-term growth opportunity in US Yogurt. However it will take us some time to restore topline growth as we shift our portfolio towards faster growing segments like [indiscernible] organic and kids. This month we're rolling out new Greek Whips, a full calorie version of our successful Greek 100 Whips product, we’ll expand our presence in the fast-growing organic segment by launching Annie’s Tubes and large sized yogurts, and by converting Liberté to premium organic line and we have a strong line-up of kid yogurt news which we will share at Investor Day. We will also improve the effectiveness of our consumer messaging by refocusing on all-family snacking and we’ll increase our merchandising competitiveness in 2017 securing more display at competitive price points. Some of this will be funded by shifting dollars out of consumer investment where we have by far the highest share of voice in the category. Given our current rate of decline, we expect full-year fiscal 2017 net sales to be down but we expect our losses to moderate as we move through the year. Let me also touch on a few of our foundation businesses in US retail including soup, refrigerated dough and dessert mix. Here we are reducing low ROI trade and consumer investment and reducing complexity by optimizing our SKU assortment. Even so, we will continue to bring important news to consumers in 2017 for example, on progressive soup we’re moving our entire line to antibiotic free chicken, a first for a mainstream soup brand. On Pillsbury refrigerated dough we are launching new shelf-ready packaging that will increase the productivity of the aisle for our retail customers and the shopability of the aisle for our consumers. And on Betty Crocker, we're re-launching our Brownies to give consumers more premium ingredients and flavor variety. Turning to convenience stores and foodservice, we’ll continue growth for our focus six platform in 2017 with frozen meals and snacks leading the way. We are expanding distribution of Pillsbury pancakes and bagels in schools leveraging our no artificial colors and flavors renovation. And we’ll continue to grow distribution for our snacks in convenience stores leveraging the Nature Valley news from US retail but also bringing channel specific news like Chex Mix hot and spicy renovation. In Canada, we’re changing our Yoplait source messaging, repositioning it from a diet product to great tasting yogurt made with real fruit and no added sugar. We will also bring gluten-free Cheerios news to Canada in 2017 and scaling up the rollout of Annie’s to capitalize on the sizeable natural and organic segment in this market. In Europe, we introduced new flavors of Häagen-Dazs Stick Bars and extend the line to markets beyond France. We are also introducing Old El Paso Stand 'N Stuff minis targeting younger consumers as well as the appetizer [indiscernible] fruit in the bottom Greek style yogurt. We have exciting news planned for emerging markets in 2017 as well. In Brazil, we are launching new Yoki popcorn products supporting our new Carolina yogurt business and executing pricing and managing mix to maintain our margins. In China, we plan to build on our successful Yoplait launch in Shanghai and just this month we introduced Yoplait in Beijing. We also plan to innovate on our Häagen-Dazs mooncake line launching rose shaped varieties. In India, we’ll drive strong growth for our Pillsbury business to increase distribution and new product launches in sweet snacks and meals, including new cakes and pizza mixes. And finally in Mexico, we’ll leverage digital support in-store, marketing and event sampling to expand our successful Nature Valley franchise. Now as Don mentioned earlier we see a number of opportunities to accelerate our margin expansion efforts over the next two years. We’ll continue to benefit from HMM and our previously announced cost saving projects. And we’re taking additional actions to further expand our margins. These include sharpening the focus of our trade and consumer investments between our growth and foundation businesses, reducing complexity by streamlining our SKUs in generating more profitable mix, and delivering additional savings from our supply chain and our zero-based budgeting practices. And in total, these efforts will help us drive our adjusted operating profit margin to 20% by fiscal 2018. We expect our efforts to drive focused growth in margin expansion will result in fiscal 2017 organic net sales growth to range between flat and down 2% with 150 basis points improvement in adjusted operating profit margin and 6% to 8% growth in constant currency adjusted diluted EPS. Now looking ahead to fiscal 2018, we expect modest growth in organic net sales as we maintain positive momentum on many growth businesses and see improvements in others such as US Yogurt in China. The full benefit of our margin expansion efforts will help drive adjusted operating profit margin to 20% and will generate a low double digit increase in constant currency adjusted diluted EPS in 2018. So, let me close today by summarizing our key messages. We made important progress to return our business to growth in organic sales and operating profit in 2016. We strengthened our portfolio through acquisitions and divestitures as well as category and market expansions. We’re taking clear action across the portfolio to drive focused growth, margin expansion and strong returns in fiscal 2017 and 2018. And these efforts will set the stage for sustainable long-term growth and value creation for General Mills’ shareholders. So that concludes our prepared remarks this morning. So operator, you can open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar, Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody. If we think about the, I think in fiscal ‘16, you talked about 350 million in savings, and I think it led to a little less than 100 basis points of operating margin expansion. I think over the next two years, you've got incremental savings of about 250 million, but obviously you’re looking for a very significant step up, 300 basis points or so in operating margin expansion. And so, I guess, and that's despite obviously some organic sales decline perhaps in aggregate over the next two years. So I guess the question is really where does that incremental margin expansion come from that you’re projecting. I'm assuming it's the work that's being done around this portfolio segmentation, but I'm trying to get -- you get the sense of what I'm looking for?
Don Mulligan: Yes. Andrew, this is Don. You’re right. As we look forward, we’ll get additional benefit from the projects we have in place and obviously underlying HMM will continue as we go ahead both ‘17 and ‘18. What you’ll see in ‘18 is, it's really going to be the full-year benefit of the initiatives that we’re going to get started in place, we started at ’16, we’re going to get partial benefit in ‘17 and even greater benefit in ’18. And so whether that is sharpening our practices on trade efficiencies, but more importantly as we look at SKU rationalization, as we look at the portfolio as you mentioned, more rigorously, there is a mix benefit to us as well. And so you’ll see that come through in ‘17 and even more so as we go into ‘18.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. And then just, I know this past year, you shifted the strategy a little bit on some of the brands that were going to take on a little bit more of a value orientation and I guess, did you learn some things from that effort that presumably made you a lot more comfortable with going kind of much more all-in on this sort of portfolio segmentation strategy?
Jeff Harmening: Andrew, this is Jeff Harmening. And the answer is, yes, we did and we turned around our baking business and we stabilized our share in Betty Crocker. We also grew share in our Pillsbury refrigerated business despite the fact that our merchandising was down mid-single digits. So we get the value right on desserts, and we found that by optimizing some trade in Pillsbury, we could actually still grow share and the profitability of that business. And at the same time, we also found that when we focused our consumer spending on the areas that had the highest returns, things like cereal and snacking, we also found that we like the returns we got there. So we learned a lot in F16 that has informed how we look at F17 and beyond.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone. I guess one of the questions that we've kind of seen this morning I think is just around the plans for consumer spend and trade spend going forward, and it seems like -- it sounds like your ad spend or consumer spend will be down in ‘17, not sure where it will be for ‘18, but just I guess how we should think about kind of getting to sustainable sales growth, while it sounds like maybe some of the consumer spend may be coming down even from where it was in ‘16?
Jeff Harmening: Well, as we look at our US portfolio, what I would tell you is that, our advertising spend in aggregate will be down a little bit, but I will also say that we’ve focused our advertising spending and it will obviously grow on the areas that we think have the highest returns and the highest possibilities for growth. So if you think about cereal for example or bars or natural and organic and so we really replaced our best on the area where we think we have the best opportunities for growth. So even if advertising is down a little bit, we believe that we've refocused the spending that we do have in areas that are going to work harder for us.  The other thing that I will tell you is that we feel great about our renovation efforts and we saw the benefits of those starting in the back half of this year. So whatever is gluten free on Cheerios or the taste improvement on Nature Valley or No, No, No in cereal, those things really only started in the back half of this year, and so those will carry forward to next year, as well as some more renovation, which I’ll talk in more detail about in a couple of weeks. So our renovation efforts will carry over and we feel very positive about those. We also think we have a better new product line-up next year. So despite the fact that our consumer spending is going to be down a little bit as well as our trade, we feel like we’re putting the spending in the right places. Our renovation is working and we have increased levels of new product innovation.
Don Mulligan: And Bryan, this is Don. Just to add some other context to that, to quantify to Jeff's point, when we look at where we’re investing this year, cereal, bars, our media spending behind those businesses will be up mid-single digits. Natural and Organic will be up strong double digits. Our international business will be up low-single digits in its media spend. So, where we're talking about our growth opportunities, we are seeing increased investments. The other thing not to lose sight of is that we also have investments going back into the products, so it's not always just in the media line, Ken mentioned about our renovation in soup for example, obviously the full-year benefit of gluten and No, No, No on cereal have a topline benefit, but as we talked about in F16, there were some product costs related to that as well. So we invest back, it’s sharpening where we’re investing back on the media and it’s also continuing to invest back in our products.
Bryan Spillane: Thank you. That's very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to ask you had some very compelling margin targets now for fiscal ‘18, but certainly over that time, revenue growth is going to be relatively soft and I guess I want to understand as you come out of this and the growth brands grow at a faster rate and foundation grants go down, is the intention then to get back on, we’ll call it, algorithm for top line growth that there is some sort of one-time reset if you will cause for the top line that occur over the next couple of years, just a question for you if you could please.
Ken Powell: Well, the answer to that question is yes, there is an element of kind of one-time adjustment in that promotion spending and that will happen over 12 to 18 months, but once we have removed that volume from the business, the intention is to very much looking for stability. As we said, we’re going to continue to invest in those businesses, continue to bring innovation, but there is this one-time adjustment as we go through a very thoughtful analysis of all of the promotional spending and remove the parts that really aren’t delivering a return. I don’t know Don, if you want to add anything.
Don Mulligan: Yeah. I think the way to think about it Chris is, Ken hit on the right themes, but our growth businesses that 75% of our portfolio that we expect to grow low single digits in ‘17, we expect that rate to accelerate slightly because we expect our US Yogurt business to be improving as we get out of ‘18 into ‘19. China and emerging markets, more broadly, China and Brazil, we expect to strengthen as well. So those businesses, we both have a strong base today, but we have very strong plans in place and reasons to believe that we’ll see some slight acceleration in growth and then to Ken’s point, the foundation business is really the stable corn. If you think about those brands, they’re large, high share scaled businesses, primarily here in the US or entirely here in the US, but they are also, they are receptive and reactive to targeted investments and as Ken said, we’ll continue to do that. And so while there may be a one-time step down over the next year to 18 months, we do expect those brands to stabilize our time and as a result, as we get through ‘18 into ‘19, we fully expect to be back on what I’d call a more normal operating model, which would be driven by low single digit sales growth as a start point.
Chris Growe: Okay. And just as a quick follow-up to that Don, in terms of the foundation brands, they are important to your portfolio from a cash flow standpoint certainly and the margin profile, are they candidates for divestiture, is that the way we should think about those or is it more about better managing those brands, just trying to get a sense of kind of where you spend on that?
Don Mulligan: The fact that we've been more intentional about our portfolio doesn't change our position on potential divestitures. We needed to review our portfolio and assess whether if you do this, you drive more value to shareholders via divestiture, but it's a high bar. As we said today, those foundation brands are very profitable, cash generative and quite honestly, generally have low tax bases. So they are very much core. As Ken said, they are no less important to our future financial returns and shareholder returns in our growth brands. They just have a different role.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for the color there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman, JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning, everyone. International volume is quite high this period. I think you benefited, if you’ve said this, forgive me, but from an accounting shift in Europe, just curious if you can size that benefit for the quarter for us. Is it reasonable for us to model an equal headwind this upcoming quarter, just wondering if we can get a little color on that?
Ken Powell: Sure. Ken, Jeff Siemon noted [Technical Difficulty] businesses this past year and what you’ll see is in the quarter, Q4, International had 10%, organic sales growth. About six points of that was because of the shifts from yield play [ph] in Europe. So think about underlying at 4%, which is very much in line with what the full-year was for International. So think of that mid-single digit organic sales growth is where International performed both for the full year and in the quarter.
Ken Goldman: Okay. And then switching subjects on Yogurt, in the US, I get the challenges that a traditional yogurt might have sort of as a category versus Greek in a deflationary dairy environment, but I'm less sure what's been driving some of Mills’ yogurt share losses within traditional. At least that's what Nielsen data would suggest, and maybe mills traditionally is losing some share to known traditional, and I'm just curious what the, if you could talk a little bit about the plan to turn that around?
Jeff Harmening: So this is Jeff Harmening. So what I would say is that in general, the yogurt category is growing and we think it's growing to grow and despite recent challenges, we think we can grow in it as well. Specifically, our plans in the upcoming year, I think the recipe for yogurt is very similar to what the recipe for -- as it’s been for cereal to get it back to growth, which has improved renovation and innovation, specifically on the brands that you talked about, our yield play and light [ph] business has really been challenged. Our original yogurt business hasn't been too bad, but our Yield Play and Light business has been challenged, as has been our merchandising. And importantly, as we look at this coming year, what we need to do is we need to get back to the right merchandising plan which we will do. We’ll shift some spending out of consumer spending and to merchandising to make sure we get the right merchandising plan on traditional and we also need to make sure that we're renovating our core traditional businesses just the same way as we have in Big G and you’ll see a lot more of that this coming year, as well as growing up the innovation on things like organic.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thanks so much. Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone. One of the things that's coming through really strongly is the ever escalating pace of change here and the amount of disruptions that's going on in the industry. I'm thinking about the softer and participated cost-cutting, lots of renovation, lots of innovation, competitive dynamics changing in yogurt, retail is doing different things, how do you avoid or minimize execution risk here and how are you changing your incentive structure maybe to reflect some of that. Thank you and I have a follow-up.
Ken Powell: Okay. Well, thanks, Alexia for the question and the observation, which I think is spot-on as we would say, and we've said many times that the pace of change in our industry now is as fast as we've seen in many, many years and that's really the reason why we really have changed so many things about our approach within our businesses around the world, our super high focus on consumer-first just to acknowledge how rapidly consumers are changing their values around food. We have to make sure that we stay even with that, and we appreciate your observation that our pace of bringing innovation and renovation to the market is accelerating because that's been our goal. We really feel that that's the right thing to do in this environment. So I agree with your observation, we’re very focused on keeping our organization here, we’re on our toes, we are very focused on the consumer, we want to bring the right kind of innovation at a higher pace because that's appropriate, and we are very, very focused as you said on execution in that environment, and we feel good about the way, particularly the way we executed our renovation last year.  Our incentive, let me just make this comment on incentive for our operating units who are kind of the tip of the speed for all this innovation. Their incentive reflects very much sort of the dual mandate that we’ve talked about at CAGNY and we’ve talked about here today. We are focused on both growth and return and our operating units are incented on growth and return and both the growth businesses and the foundation businesses are incented that way. So while our growth targets may be more modest on the foundation businesses, it's just as important to the company that they get their targets as the growth guys do. So everyone is aligned with this dual approach that we’ve talked about and we think that we’re going to benefit from that. I don't know if anyone else would want to jump in on that. Okay. Everyone is happy with my answer, Alexia. I guess we’ll go and take the follow-up.
Alexia Howard: A quick follow-up on the GMO labeling, I know we've now got the new federal proposals that came in last week, I think Campbell’s has said that they are planning to do on back labeling, because there is obviously the option to do everything via QR codes, just wondering what your plans are for that. Or maybe it's too early to tell? Thank you.
Ken Powell: Well, I think it's probably a bit early to tell, but as you’ve noted, I mean, it's really out of our hands and it’s in Congress right now and it’s in the hands of the Senate, and I think as you may have heard us say in the past Alexia, there has been a lot of debate and at this point, General Mills is for whatever bill can get 60 votes in the Senate, and we think that that bill will certainly have the pre-emption that we need so that we get out of this state-by-state thing and it's going to allow a variety of options for how to label as you noted, but we just have to see how that's going to play out over the next period of time. Yes. Obviously if it happens, I mean we’ll be very relieved because the prospect of multi-state regulation is going to be very costly for the industry and very confusing for consumers.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, there. Thank you. I guess two quicker questions. Can you help us quantify the mix benefit of this growth in foundation strategy like or the growth brands, maybe 100, 200 basis points higher in terms of gross margin or price mix or something like that? And then Jeff Harmening, a question about Annie’s, you mentioned that you’re leveraging the US retail sales force more aggressively. I think there were some execution issues last year or last fall as you try to leverage that more aggressively. What have you learned since then and are you happy with how the US retail sales force is pushing Annie’s and how is it working differently? Thanks.
Don Mulligan: I’ll take the mix question. As soon as you said, can you quantify, everyone looked at me. So I'll take the mix question and then I will pass it to Jeff. So Rob, the way to think about it is, there is not necessarily so much between the growth and the foundation, because actually they are about the same margins as you're seeing here today and yes, that just speaks to the underlying strength of the foundation businesses as well. So, there’s not so much of mix between the two groups of brands. It's really within businesses, our SKU rationalization is driving variable mix. The trade strategy as we see more baseline sales versus promoted sales and Ken alluded to how that is one of the key sources of turning around our cereal business this year. That's just really providing the mix benefit for us both in ‘16 and as we go into ‘17.
Jeff Harmening: And on Annie’s, we’re thrilled with the performance of that business and we’re going to accelerate that growth in F17 and we see accelerated growth from Annie’s in this fiscal year and on the backs of distribution, which has been consistent throughout the year, distribution growth as well as improved merchandising and as the year has gone on and we will keep doing those things with the Annie’s business. There is lots of distribution we can get. We can keep doing better merchandising, and we will add on top of that, this expansion into categories that we think are really viable for Annie’s, namely yoghurt and cereal. In terms of what we learned earlier in the year, what I would tell you is that with any integration, there are things that don't go perfectly, but there is nothing that hasn't been rectified, and at the beginning of our year, really, it was our merchandising plans that didn't come together the way we wanted them to. We were gaining good distribution, but we have seen that change in the back half of the year and our sales force is executing really well, both in the natural and organic channel and in traditional retail against our organic brands right now.
Robert Moskow: Okay. So is it Don, just to make sure I understand, so there is no real difference between the mix profile or gross margin profile of the two parts of the business?
Don Mulligan: No, the operating margin on both our growth and foundation businesses are very similar.
Robert Moskow: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Zaslow: Hey, good morning, everyone. Can you just talk about the growth that you’ve had in the reformulation, the success that you’ve had is, my understanding is, is it because of the first mover advantage, because you’re kind of ahead of your other peers and is there a potential that if other competitors actually couple along with the reformulation, will that go away or will that actually be better as the consumer becomes more aware of it and how do you think of that sustainability of the opportunity from the reformulation of your products?
Jeff Harmening: Well, I think two separate questions. I think they have been successful because we follow what the consumers wanted, and whether that was, whether that is more taste on Cinnamon Toast Crunch or gluten-free on Cheerios or more icing on Toaster Strudel, I think the success we’ve had is from [Technical Difficulty] whether it’s execution on the product front we feel good about or improved marketing we feel good about and doing that with brands that people trust and you can generate important news that consumers care about on brands they trust and the results have been pretty good. In terms of how long this can last, I guess I will go back to the best example we have is Chex and cereal where we grew that business on the back of gluten-free for double digits for like five years in a row, and so we believe that the long-lasting impacts of getting the products right for renovation, we believe they’re long lasting and it’s tied back to the combination of what consumers want, really good marketing and brands that people really care about.
Ken Powell: And I would just may be add a detail or two. First of all, Ken, oats are kind of a core ingredient for many of our products, not only cereal, but also bars and oats are naturally gluten-free as an example, and so now that we've figured out the technology for how to purify our oats stream, there is quite a bit of intellectual property in that process, and so we think we probably do have some insulation there, and that's good. And then to your point on first mover advantage, I think that's probably true as well, but we’re pleased that the organization now is both, as Jeff said, understanding these consumer wants and then responding at an ever faster pace, so that we’re out there quickly and we can get to very healthy sign for our organization.
Kenneth Zaslow: And just a quick follow-up is, what is the key market or the key driver behind the creation of Tiny Toast, it’s like I'm trying to figure out how that fits within the portfolio and why there is a need for a new brand, what is it suiting and then I’ll leave it at that?
Ken Powell: Well, Tiny Toast fits the consumer need of having cereals that people love. It tastes great and it’s a very whimsical product, very whimsical name, whimsical marketing and it fits the niche for teens and we think it's a good cereal for teens and it just tastes really, really good. And we've seen success with cinnamon toast crunch and sometimes people want gluten-free and no artificial colors and flavors and sometimes they just want stuff that tastes good and that's where Tiny Toast fits in.
Kenneth Zaslow: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Don, I’d like to ask in terms of your updated margin targets for fiscal ‘18, if you can speak to how profitability has progressed for your international operations as you kind of build scale and how much of that factors into the guidance increase? Is there any explicit updated margin target for the international segment as well? Thanks.
Don Mulligan: Let me speak for international today, but what I would tell you is international will participate in the margin expansion as well. Much of what you see the change in the focus on the portfolio really relates more to our USRO business, which started the journey this year and it is doing it in a sharp profession as we go into ’17. So that's where you’ll see the most direct change I think versus prior expectations, but you don't actually look to see same margin expansion for the reasons we've talked about before, whether it’s productivity outstripping inflation, the mix management and the underlying growth of the businesses, particularly in emerging markets, strengthened return to their more historical growth rates.
John Baumgartner: Okay. Thanks, Don.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from...
Jeff Siemon: Sorry, Tina. I think we probably have time for one more. So maybe if we can get one additional in before we close down here.
Operator: Perfect. We have a question from David Driscoll of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and thanks for squeezing me in guys. So two questions. The first one is on the cost savings. Can you talk a little bit more about how you get to the $600 million and then what learning has allowed you to upgrade the savings target and then kind of the big one here is, is it substantially likely that we should expect you to be able to upgrade this target even further in light of trends within the sector?
Don Mulligan: Well, as far as our cost savings, from the 500, 600, this is not the first time we've increased those as we’ve seen further opportunity and what I would say is, as we work through Century and Compass and Catalyst and implementing ZBB across the business, we've seen slightly better savings in virtually every one of those initiatives, but I particularly point to Century and ZBB as we streamline our manufacturing footprint, our ability to find HMM and find savings has increased even beyond what we thought it would. And then, ZBB, we have been learning as we've gone and as we both expand it within the US and then as we go forward, expand it more formally through our international business, we see further upside there as well. So it's really been a matter of each project we've tackled has generated a bit more savings and given us clear visibility in terms of what the final price will be. And as far as future margin targets, we just have refreshed that today, so we’re focused on delivering those, we think they’re the right targets for us. We think they will set us apart from a competitive standpoint, and that's what we're focused on right now.
Ken Powell: And again, I think it goes back to the earlier question, we have been very, very focused on execution of these projects and executing them well and we feel that we've done that and across the enterprise and these initiatives, I would say, we’re gaining increasing confidence in our ability to do them well.
David Driscoll: One final question for me, Ken, on the portfolio segmentation, I've always viewed the company as one that was discerning between low growth and higher growth businesses and where you should put investments or not. So I think you responded, I mean, when you put out something like segmentation, I kind of think you always did this. I don't think this is brand-new inside at General Mills. I think it might be new in terms of how you’re presenting it to us today and maybe there is an intensity that’s higher, but I just want to get your response to that kind of a statement because it's not been my judgment over years that you just weren't segmenting your portfolio. So how would you grade the difference with this kind of discussion today and slides and the deck and comments in the press release about segmentation?
Ken Powell: So I think it's a good observation. And I mean, this is not something that we've discovered a couple of weeks ago and I think as you've heard from some of the other comments, much of the work in how we’re approaching this is building on initiatives and things that we’ve been trying and developing over the last year or two and we just concluded after seeing the results and seeing the effectiveness of this work that it would be helpful. Frankly, it helps us a lot internally to be much more declarative and intentional about the role that we want our different businesses to play. So we just decided I can’t remember what your word, what your term was, but just to be more declarative and much more intentional about how we were going to pursue these initiatives and I think you used the word intensity, so even higher focus. We think that’s very good for us inside the business and it’s also very helpful I think for investors to understand how we’re looking at it. So it is, as you said, a build with more specifics. I don't know if anyone -- we’re good.
David Driscoll: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Jeff Siemon: Yeah. Great. I think that's all the time we have this morning. So, before we close everyone, I will just remind you, our investor Day event coming up two weeks from today and we welcome you to listen to the webcast starting at 10 AM Eastern or if you can join us in New York, please send us an RSVP so we can make sure to include you. Again, I'll be available all day if we didn't get your questions and please give me a call. And with that, I think we’ll wrap up. Thanks very much. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect all lines. Thank you and have a good day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-03-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Siemon – Investor Relations Don Mulligan – Chief Financial Officer Jeff Harmening – Chief Operating Officer-U.S. Retail Segment Ken Powell – Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: David Driscoll – Citigroup Matthew Grainger – Morgan Stanley Ken Goldman – JPMorgan Michael Lavery – CLSA Jason English – Goldman Sachs Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank John Baumgartner – Wells Fargo Chris Growe – Stifel
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Mills’ Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, March 23, 2016. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Denise, and good morning, everyone. I’m here with Ken Powell, our CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO; and Jeff Harmening, Chief Operating Officer for our U.S. Retail Segment. I’ll turn the call over to them in just a minute, but first let me cover my usual housekeeping items. A press release on third quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning, is also posted on our website, and you can find slides on our website that supplement this morning’s presentation. Our remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions. And the second slide in today’s presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that I’ll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Don.
Don Mulligan: Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. As noted in our press release, General Mills’ third quarter results were in line with our expectations. Net sales, total segment operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS results declined, reflecting the effects of foreign exchange and the Green Giant divestiture. Net sales growth continues to be impacted by high levels of competitive activity in U.S. Yoghurt and lower display merchandising for U.S. Retail. However, our effort to drive more from the core is leading to improved sales trends across a number of key U.S. Retail businesses, which Jeff will expand upon in a moment. We continue to maintain strong margin discipline as evidenced by our fifth consecutive quarter of adjusted operating profit margin expansion. Based on our results through nine months, we are reaffirming our fiscal 2016 growth targets. Slide 5 summarizes our results for the third quarter. Net sales totaled $4 billion down 8% as reported and down 4% in constant currency. Total segment operating profit totaled $679 million down 1% on a constant currency basis. Net earnings increased 5% to $362 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.59 as reported. These results include $44 million of restructuring, and project related expenses and mark-to-market valuation effects. Adjusted diluted EPS, which excludes certain items affecting comparability, were $0.65, down 7% from last year’s third quarter. Constant currency adjusted diluted EPS decreased 6% compared to a year ago. Slide 6 shows the components of total company net sales growth. Pound volume reduced sales by 5 percentage points. Positive sales mix and net price realization increased sales by one point while foreign currency exchange reduced sales by 4 points. The Green Giant divestiture reduced contribution from volume growth by 4 points and reduced net sales growth by 3 points in the quarter. Turning to our segment results, Slide 7 summarizes U.S. Retail performance. U.S. Retail net sales decreased 7% in the third quarter driven primarily by the Green Giant divestiture, which had a 5 point negative impact on the segment’s net sales growth and accounted for the entirety of the meals operating unit decline. Year-to-date net sales were down 2% including a one point decline from the net impact of the Green Giant sale and the Annie’s acquisition. In our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment, net sales declined 2% in the third quarter. Our six focus platforms posted combined net sales growth of 8%, with the strongest growth in frozen meals and Yogurt. Net sales declined in the remainder of the business driven by market index pricing on bakery flour as well as the exit of some low margin businesses in the fourth quarter of last year. Year-to-date net sales were down 2% with 6% growth on our six focus platforms. Slide 9 summarizes our International segment net sales results. On a constant currency basis, third quarter International segment net sales were flat to last year, driven by Latin America, where sales grew 16% including double-digit growth in Mexico, sales were up high single-digits in Brazil with good performance on snacks, benefits from pricing, and incremental contributions from the addition of the Carolina Yogurt business. Net sales in the Asia/Pacific region increased 4% including double-digit growth in India and low single-digit growth in China. In Europe, sales were down 2% as dairy deflation contributed to unfavorable net price realization for our Yogurt business. In Canada, sales were down 14%, reflecting the Green Giant sale. In total, the Green Giant divestiture reduced International segment net sales growth by 2 points in the third quarter. We continue to make good progress on gross margin. Slide 10 shows that third quarter adjusted gross margin, excluding certain items, increased 160 basis points. This was primarily due to cost savings initiatives more than offsetting modest input cost inflation. Our latest estimate of input cost inflation now rounds down to 1% for the full year. As of February, we’re roughly 85% covered on our fiscal 2016 commodity requirements and we now expect full year gross margins to expand by approximately 100 basis points. Turning to Slide 11, total segment operating profit was down 1% in constant currency. U.S. Retail third quarter profit essentially matched last year with continued cost savings more than offsetting the divestiture impact. Constant currency International profit declined 24% in the quarter due to currency-driven inflation on imported products in certain markets and the impact of the Green Giant divestiture. In Convenience Stores and Foodservice profit was up 31%, driven by increased grain merchandising earnings, favorable product mix, and our cost saving efforts. After-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $16 million in the quarter, up 19% in constant currency due primarily to volume growth from Häagen-Dazs Japan. Third quarter constant currency net sales declined 1% for CPW, primarily due to lower sales in developed markets. Häagen-Dazs Japan constant currency net sales increased 22% for the quarter, driven by excellent results on a new seasonal, Hana Mochi, which combines Häagen-Dazs Ice Cream with a traditional Japanese rice cake dessert. Slide 13 summarizes our noteworthy income items, other noteworthy income items in the quarter. Corporate unallocated expenses, excluding certain items affecting comparability, increased by $12 million in the quarter. We incurred $44 million in restructuring and project-related charges in the quarter including $27 million recorded in cost of sales. Net interest expense decreased 4% from the prior year, driven primarily by a lower average debt balances, partially offset by changes in the mix of debt. We continue to expect interest expense will be down mid-single digits for the full year. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 31% as reported, 5.5 points higher than the prior year period. Excluding items affecting comparability, the tax rate was 30.8% this year compared to 27.5% a year ago. We continue to expect our full year tax rate to be comparable to last year. Average diluted shares outstanding declined 1% in the quarter in line with our full year expectations. And one additional item to mention here as noted in this morning’s press release, we sold our Venezuela business after the close of the third quarter. The business primarily manufactures and sells canned meats under the Underwood brand. We expect to incur a non-cash charge of approximately $35 million pre-tax in the fourth quarter related to this sale. This charge will be excluded from adjusted earnings and we anticipate the tax loss on this transaction will unlock approximately $20 million in incremental cash flow in fiscal 2016. Now let me briefly summarize our nine month financial performance of stated in constant currency. Net sales were down 1% reflecting the net impact of acquisition and divestitures. Segment operating profit increased 8% and adjusted diluted EPS were 10% above the prior year. Slide 15 shows that our core working capital declined 40% versus last year’s third quarter. Half of the decline is due to Green Giant divestiture and foreign currency exchange effects. And the other half reflects continued operational improvements across our businesses. This is the 12th consecutive quarter we reduced our core working capital versus the prior year. We continue to generate healthy levels of free cash flow. Year-to-date free cash flow is $1.4 billion, up 29% versus last year. We’re on track to convert at least 95% of adjusted net sales into free cash flow this year in line with our long-term goal. We also continue to return significant cash to shareholders. During nine months, we repurchased 10.6 million shares at an aggregate price of $602 million and we paid $795 million in dividends. On March 8, we announced a dividend increase of 4.5% payable on May 2. This marks the seventh time we’ve increased our quarterly dividend rate since 2010. For the full fiscal year, we expect to return at least 90% of free cash flow to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Cost savings from holistic margin management, or HMM, and our incremental cost reduction projects represent an important component of our earnings growth in fiscal 2016. We have good visibility to achieving $400 million in cost of goods sold HMM savings this year and we continue to make progress toward our goal of $500 million in savings from incremental projects by fiscal 2018. For the full year, we’re reaffirming the guidance we updated on the second quarter earnings call. Specifically, we expect a low-single-digit decline in net sales from the 2015 level that included a 53rd week at a full year of Green Giant. Total segment operating profit matching last year’s levels, and a low single-digit growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share all in constant currency. We now expect the impact of currency translation to result in an $0.08 headwind. The full-year adjusted diluted EPS growth in 2016. Included in this guidance is the fourth quarter where we expect low single-digit comparable sales growth. Our reported results will reflect unfavorable foreign exchange, the impact of Green Giant sale and comparison to an extra week in the year-ago period. We anticipate adjusted gross margin to be below last year, reflecting our highest quarterly inflation rate compared to our lowest quarter inflation rate a year-ago. And we expect media expense will be up as reported, and up double-digits excluding currency effects, 53rd week comparison in Green Giants. With that I’ll turn the microphone over to Jeff.
Jeff Harmening: Thank you, Don. And, good morning, everyone. I appreciate the opportunity to give you an update on our U.S. retail performance. On Slide 20, I’ve summarized three main messages, I want to leave you with today. First, we delivered strong profit growth and marginal results so far this year. Second, we’re continuing to experience headwinds in our Yogurt business, and in Display Merchandising, that are dampening our sales results. And we’re actively working to address these headwinds. And third, we’re encouraged by the progress we’re making with our Consumer First Efforts in a number of key businesses. Now let me go a bit deeper on each of these areas. Through nine months, U.S. retail and net sales of $7.8 billion are down 2%, including one point of decline from acquisitions and divestitures. Year-to-date segment operating profit of $1.7 billion is up double-digits versus the prior year. This significant profit performance reflects our continued focus on cost savings. We’re generating strong cost of good HMM savings, in addition to the benefits from incremental cost savings projects including Project Century. This gives us even greater confidence that our Century initiative will help unlock future HMM opportunities.
x: We continue to see growth in our categories with aggregate Nielsen measured retail sales up for the fourth consecutive quarter. We estimate that our categories grew more than 1% in the third quarter, when including faster growing non-measured channels. Our net sales results have not kept pace with category of growth. As I mentioned, our year-to-date net sales declined 2%. The Annie’s acquisition and the Green Giant divestiture combined to contribute one point of that sales decline, with the impact falling most significantly on the Meals, which would up excluding our M&A activity. Net sales for our Yogurt operating unit have been impacted by high competitive activity, while reduced display merchandising has particularly impacted our cereal and snacks results. On Yogurt, we continue to see high levels of competitive investment as dairy prices remain near 20-year lows. Merchandise volume is up double digits for a key competition in the category, with significant increases in merchandising frequency as well as lower price points in certain channels. In addition, we’re seeing competitive advertising spending more than twice the level of a year ago. On the second quarter earnings call, we mentioned that to address these headwinds, we would increase our competitiveness in Yogurt in the second half of the year and we will. However, given the increased competitive merchandising levels, it has taken us longer than expected to secure additional in-store activity. We also said that, we would remain disciplined and not chase unprofitable volume and we will remain committed to that principle. For USRO, our display merchandising was down more than 30% at a key customer in the third quarter, with the impact falling most significantly on our cereal and snacks businesses. We’ll begin lapping these reductions at the end of the fourth quarter and we’ll fully lap them after the first quarter of fiscal 2017. And these two factors combined to reduce our retail sales growth by more than two points in the third quarter. Despite these headwinds, I am encouraged by the progress for making to expand the impact of our consumer first strategy across a number of important businesses. We gained share in five of our top six categories in the third quarter. Let me share some quick examples, starting with cereal. Retail sales trends in the cereal category have been improving this fiscal year. And we have returned to share growth in recent months behind consumer first product renovation on trend innovation and effective messaging. Our product renovation initiatives are working in our cereal business. Retail sales of gluten-free Cheerios varieties are up 2% since we launched, after declining high single digits last year. As of January, 75% of our cereals, no longer include artificial flavors and colors. The seven cereals that received recipe changes in January have posted 6% retail sales growth, since launch, after posting a 6% decline, last year. And last year’s largest Consumer First renovation news more Cinnamon and Cinnamon Toast Crunch is delivering 8% retail sales growth this year, on top of 8% growth, a year ago. Nature Valley has been a key focus for our cereal innovation efforts in recent years. Initially we launched the brand, as a protein Granola and have since extended it, to ready-to-eat cereal Muesli, Granola bites and oat meal. Retail sales for this franchise increased 44% last year and are up 35% so far this year, through a combination of new product news, media support and sampling. The ready-to-eat cereals that we launched in January are performing well. And we will keep the momentum going next year, with more news on the business. So I am bullish on our prospects for cereal growth, we will start to lap some of the display headwinds in the fourth quarter. But more importantly, we will continue to expand the impact of our renovation and innovation news. And we will invest higher level of advertising in the fourth quarter. We believe that Yogurt is an attractive growth category, now and for the long-term. We are focusing on initiatives that help drive category growth by generating news, expanding usage occasions and bringing new consumers to the shelf. Overtime, innovation and great marketing will be the key factors to winning, in this category. In January, we launched the whole milk organic Annie’s Yogurt into the fastest – one of the fastest growing segments in the category. We think Annie’s all family appeal and strong organic brand equity will bring new consumers to the shelf. And we will have more news to bring to organic yogurt segment this summer. We are expanding our usage occasions with our One Up Your Cup campaign, which encourages consumers to incorporate yogurt in to their snacking routine. Nature Valley bars, our largest business in snacks has been impacted by reduced display and merchandizing in certain channels. But in the tradition of grocery channel, where merchandizing has been more consistent, we have driven growth behind Consumer First Renovation and innovation. Our Nature Valley Crunchy bar product renovation and our no artificial colors, flavors and sweetness advertising are working. And we have seen excellent early results on our new Nature Valley nut, butter biscuit products. As a result, year-to-date retail sales for Nature Valley grain snacks are up mid-single digits in the grocery channel. Larabar has delivered double digit annual growth since we acquired the business, almost eight years ago. And we believe there is still an opportunity to broaden penetration and accelerate the brands growth. We’ve recently began testing Larabars first ever TV Campaign supplemented with digital advertising coupons and in-store merchandising. Since the campaign began airing retail sales for Larabar are up more than 40%. We were also maintaining positive momentum on Annie’s. Retail sales were up double-digits in the third quarter and distribution is up double-digit this year in each of Annie’s heritage categories. As we told you at our Investor Day, there is still a great deal of distribution upside for this brand. So that will continue to be an area of focus for our sales teams. Platform expansions also play a key role on growing Annie’s. We enter the soup and yogurt categories earlier this year and will launch three new cereals in the coming months. We’re encouraged by early feedback from consumers and customers on these launches and will continue to evaluate other new platforms to further expand the Annie’s business. These strong results on Larabar and Annie’s have contributed to double-digit net sales growth for our U.S. natural and organic business in the third quarter. We have completed our soup and baking seasons and we’re pleased with our performance. In Ready-To-Serve soup we grew two points of share driven by successful merchandizing, product renovation news and good advertising. Our refrigerated dough business had a good baking season with growth in retail sales and market share up 1.8 points. These results were driven by distribution gains on our top selling products. And we grew dessert mix dollar share during the key baking season this year by aligning our prices more closely with our competition. Next year we plan to bring news and innovation to help grow the dessert mixes category. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, there are number of factors that will affect our U.S. retail performance. We’ll benefit from positive momentum on our renovation efforts and from increased media investment. We’ll also begin to lap display merchandising reductions in the quarter and while we still expect Yoghurt to be a headwind we expect that headwind to moderate. As a result, we expect to improve fourth quarter sales performance on a comparable basis, although reported results will be impacted by the Green Giant sale and by a comparison to an extra week a year ago.  To summarize my U.S. retail comments, we are seeing strong year-to-date profit and margin performance driven largely by cost savings realization. Although we continue to experience headwinds in display and merchandizing we’re encouraged by positive momentum we’re seeing across a number of our businesses such as Cereal, Grain Snacks, natural and organic, soup, refrigerated dough and desserts. With that, I’ll turn it over to Ken.
Ken Powell: All right. Well, thank you, Jeff and good morning everybody. You just heard about our performance in our U.S. Retail segment. So let me give you an update on our other two business segments starting with Convenience Stores and Foodservice. Net sales for our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment are down 2% so far this year due to index pricing on bakery flour and business exits. However, our six focus platforms of cereal, snacks, biscuits, mixes, yogurt and frozen meals continue to deliver excellent sales growth with combined net sales up 6% year-to-date. This sales performance combined with continued benefits from cost savings initiatives is translating into margin expansion for our Convenience Stores and Foodservice business. Segment operating profit is up 8% so far this year increasing this segments profit margin to 19%. Frozen meals are leading our performance in Convenience Stores and Foodservice with strong double-digit-sales growth year-to-date. Mini Bagel continues to grow as part of school breakfast programs and we applied our consumer first approach to product development in this channel when we introduce products for school lunches a year ago. Pillsbury, Cheesy Pull-Aparts are our most recent introduction launched in November these individually rapped versions of cheese stuffed bread are heating and served right in their packaging, saving labor costs and waste. Our bulk packs in schools are driving mid-single-digit growth for our cereal business fiscal year-to-date. As we’re leveraging our no artificial colors or flavors messaging with food service operators. In our Yogurt business also is posting mid-single-digit net sales growth so far this year on the strength of Yoplait Parfait Pro in a verity of food service channels from colleges to hospitals. We also saw good momentum on our Kid Yogurt in the third quarter as we gain distribution for our Simply Go-GURT products in K-12 schools. So we continue to like the performance we’re driving from this segment by focusing on the most profitable products, in the most attractive food service channels. Turning to our international segment, net sales are up 2% so far this year on a constant currency basis. The Green Giant divestiture reduced international sales growth by one point this fiscal year-to-date. Constant-currency segment operating profit declined 1% to the first nine months of the year, primarily due to currency driven inflation on imported products in certain markets and a comparison to the year-ago period when profit increased 8%. In Canada constant-currency net sales are down 2% so far this year, with growth in a number of business lines offset by the impact of the Green Giant divestiture. Our Grain Snacks business continues to deliver good results. Retail sales are up 11% year-to-date on the strength of new product launches like Nature Valley Nut and Seed bars and Fiber One Crumble bars and innovation on our Old El Paso Mexican meals is contributing to 2% retail sales growth for this leading brand of Mexican foods. In Europe, net sales are up 1% fiscal year-to-date on a constant currency basis, led by good performance on ice cream and meals. Häagen-Dazs premium ice cream bars are driving 13% retail sales growth so far this year. We’re introducing two new flavors this month and have plans to expand these bars into additional markets. Innovation also is contributing to 1% retail sales growth for Old El Paso dinner kits, driven in large part by increased in-store events and higher levels of advertising support. In Yogurt, retail sales are down year-to-date as dairy deflation has led to unfavorable net price realization. However, we posted modest share growth so far this year in Europe with good performance on Yop yogurt beverages, Perle De Lait varieties in France. Our focus on execution on the fundamentals drove improved net sales performance in emerging markets in the third quarter. Year-to-date net sales in Latin America are up 11% on a constant currency basis. We posted high single-digit net sales growth in Brazil in the third quarter, with good performance on our Snacks business benefits from pricing and incremental contributions from Carolina Yogurt. As we mentioned at CAGNY last month, we acquired the Carolina business in December along with the manufacturing and distribution infrastructure for dairy products. And we’re excited about our growth prospects for yogurt in this market. We also continue to post excellent sales growth in Mexico, led by solid performance on snack bars, Fiber One bars in particular. We introduced the Fiber One brand in Mexico a little over a year-ago and retail sales for our wholesome snacks are up double-digits so far this year. Now, as you can see on Slide 42, constant currency net sales for our Asia/Pacific region grew 3% year-to-date. We saw improved performance in China in the third quarter with net sales up low single-digit. Wanchai Ferry contributed to this growth, with good performance on our new Rainbow TangYuan Dim Sum Products during the Chinese New Year. And Yoplait yoghurt continues to perform well with market share in Shanghai at 10% in the third quarter. We saw good growth on the Perle De Lait Bonus Packs, launched in conjunction with the Chinese New Year. And we’re increasing our marketing and promotional activities on the Yoplait brand to drive increased consumer awareness. Finally, we continue to generate double-digit sales growth so far this year in the Asia, Middle East and Africa region. Sweet snacking is leading that growth. This year we launched new fruit flavors of Häagen-Dazs ice creams, which has driven high single-digit net sales growth. Betty Crocker cookie cakes, launched last fall, contributed to double-digit snacks growth in the region fiscal year-to-date. We’re also posting strong double-digit net sales growth in India, where we’ve been increasing distribution on our cake mixes and recently launched a line of chocolate spreads. Overall we’re pleased with the improvement we saw in emerging markets this quarter, and we remained focus on innovation and fundamental execution to drive continued growth in these markets going forward. So that completes the highlights from our three business segments. I’ll wrap up this morning remarks with this summary. Our third quarter results were inline with our expectations. Foreign currency exchange and the Green Giant divestiture are impacting our reported figures. Our financial discipline is driving operating profit margin expansion, while still allowing us to invest in Consumer First renovation and innovation and we are confident we will deliver our 2016 growth targets. So that concludes our prepared comments this morning. I’ll ask the operator now to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citigroup. Please proceed.
David Driscoll: Great, thank you, and good morning.
Ken Powell: Hi, David.
Don Mulligan: Good morning.
David Driscoll: Great, thank you and good morning.
Ken Powell: Hi David.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
David Driscoll: Wanted to ask a little bit about the sales growth expectations in the Fourth Quarter. So what you guys wrote in the press release and stated on the call is that you expect fourth quarter is expected to be positive on a comparable basis for sales but can you discuss kind of what has to happen for the guidance to work out as recent U.S. and European Nielsen data shows some fairly significant declines. And then maybe related to this, could you also comment on what your take is on the February Nielsen data which showed a market decline from the trend line that we were seeing and this doesn’t just relate to General Mills, it relates much more broadly to all U.S. food. Thank you.
Don Mulligan: Thanks. Well I would say David for our U.S. business, what has to happen and what we’re expecting to happen in the Fourth Quarter is for our sales growth to accelerate. And we expect behind a couple of important businesses. One is Cereal and the second is Snacks. And we expect that because we are starting to lap the merchandising headwind we’ve seen as one of our biggest customers in the fourth quarter and because our advertising is going to be up significantly on both Grain and Cereal because we really believe in what we’re seeing, the results from our renovation efforts.  We also think even though Yogurt will continue to be a head wind in the fourth quarter, that that business will improve behind the merchandising we talked about in the second quarter. So for us to see improved U.S. sales results really it is a matter of cereal and snacking behind things we understand in the merchandising area and behind great advertising.
Jeff Harmening: And I’ll just comment on the other two segments because we expect all three segments, David, to improve and accelerate in Q4 versus year-to-date or versus Q3 in particular. As Jeff alluded to higher advertising we’re going to see it in USRO, we’re also to going to see it in international. International, also which Ken alluded to, has a number of new products both innovation and renovation in the marketplace and that will continue to build in the quarter. In addition there’s some other things that we are lapping similar to the merchandise in USRO. We had business exiting in our C&F business in Q4 last year that will lap the index pricing we talked about in basically flour in C&F that is profit neutral because we price with the market. But the grain price has really started coming down last year in Q4 so we will begin lapping that it will be less bad in Q4 which will help our comparable sales growth. And then we’ll have continued growth acceleration in our emerging markets, including some pricing in Latin America. So there’s a number of factors that go into improved performance in Q4. 
David Driscoll: Ken or Jeff, can you guys just comment on that, that February…
Jeff Harmening: Yes.
David Driscoll: Question I had about macro U.S. the big picture, thank you. 
Jeff Harmening: Yes, yes. We’re going to do that.
Ken Powell: Happy to do that. As we look at it, what I would say in general Nielsen data was up more than it had been in the month of January and it was down more than we had seen in the month of February. And there is nothing fundamental that we see that has changed between January and February. Certainly it could be the effects of weather at the end of January and stock effects that happened this year, whereas last year we had a couple of big weather events in the northeast in particular in February. So there could be some weather related activity and we certainly see that. But there is nothing fundamental that we see and that would have changed the categories from January to February. And our focus remains clearly on the things that we can control, which are marketing and innovation activities. 
David Driscoll: Thank you.
Ken Powell: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Matthew Grainger: Great. Thanks, good morning everyone.
Jeff Harmening: Hi, Matthew.
Matthew Grainger: Jeff, I wanted to come back, I think we’ve kind of talked about this Cagny in recent quarters. But just to the big picture on your merchandising levels in the U.S. and then even though they are down at the key customer you mentioned. Your levels of trade promotions still appear to index fairly high relative to the industry average in a lot of your key categories and I know you’re planning to take some of these higher. So given that the industry trend is typically going in the other direction, how are you thinking about the right level of merchandising going forward? Is there really room to cut in the scope of how you plan to run the business or is that less feasible given that you need to support the categories in your competitive positions?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, thanks for the question, Matthew. Let me start by kind of saying that this fiscal year we’ve actually seen price appreciation. As we’ve seen in our categories and we’ve also seen the effectiveness of our merchandising improve as we cut back lower ROI trade activities and focus on high ROI activities. As I think I’ve mentioned, we view how we look at trade as we do HMM and other areas and we’re always looking to get more effective than we are right now and we’ve seen good gains in HMM on our trade which is why we see the less improving in the ROIs improving in our area of trade. But that will continue to focus on that area because one of the things we find with HMM is that the more we look the more we find and I am certain with as big and complex as the trade bucket is that we will continue to find opportunities to further improve our effectiveness and our efficiency in the area of trade.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, thanks, Jeff. And just one follow-up I probably for Don. I just wanted to ask about the margins and convenience in foodservice they’ve been pretty strong in the past two quarters surprised to see 20% margins. And so those recent months, so how should we think about the sustainability there? Is there a big benefit from grain merchandising in that number or are we at the stage where just the mix of the portfolio has really improved that much in that operating segment?
Don Mulligan: Yes, very pleased to say it’s the latter. Grain merch will have a quarterly impact year-on-year but if you look overall business, the fundamental change in the margins because of the business structure and the improving you’re seeing this year is primarily driven by the fact that we’re seeing 6% year-to-date growth on our focus six platforms which all have higher than average margin, higher than segment average margins, higher than company average margins as well. And combine that with the cost savings initiatives Catalyst and Century that we initiated last year we had some benefit to CNF as well. So, very much a substantial and sustainable change in the margin structure for that business?
Jeff Harmening: I would just maybe to gild the lily a little bit here Matthew, if you go back five or six years in this business, we’ve nearly doubled the margins I mean it’s been more than the last couple of years it’s been continuous improvement over a long period of time as we’ve completely restructured that business so that it’s, as Don said, I’m very, very focused on the best channels in our most profitable categories.
Don Mulligan: In this year similar, Jeff talk about his business increasing margins by over 100 basis points, we’ll see the same thing in our CNF business this year.
Matthew Grainger: All right. Great, thanks again everyone.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. Jeff, you highlighted your – this is my phrase, you’re sort of lack of interest in chasing yogurt prices lower. But looking forward milk remains cheap. One of your competitors, I think continues to have a capacity utilization issue and I guess they’re incented to drive volumes. So, how do you – unless you’re paying more to get that promotional space you get – you’re expecting to get how do you – how should we have confidence that this will really turnaround for you and how should we have confidence that you’ll get that merchandising that you didn’t get as you expected this past quarter?
Jeff Harmening: Well, look we’re always looking to balance growth and return as we talked about at Cagny. And our yogurt returns have been pretty good as we have been very disciplined. And what we need to do is make sure we balance that out with some growth as well and that’s what Ken mentioned in the second quarter when he said our merchandising activity will improve in the second half and we’ll see that in the fourth quarter. And so as we look into the fourth quarter, we will improve our merchandising competitiveness because we need to improve our growth. At the same time, we’re also mindful of maintaining our returns and so we will balance that out a little bit in the fourth quarter. But we’ve got a good line of sight now to win our merchandising is going to occur and what merchandising is going to occur and have high level of confidence that will improve in the fourth quarter.
Ken Goldman: But I guess that means, if you’re rebalancing a little bit that you have to pay a little bit more and perhaps you should expect a little bit better sales growth but a little bit worse margin on the yogurt business in the fourth quarter or is that the wrong way to look at it?
Jeff Harmening: No, I think that’s a fair way to look at it. I think that is a very fair way to look at it and we’ll still see good margins because of the dairy pricing but maybe not as high as they are right now. And we expect our growth to improve.
Ken Goldman: Can I ask a quick follow-up? There’s sort of a growing assumption among industry observers that food producers over time will sort of follow the 3G model slash promo spending and not really spend much back to offset it but you’ve talked in the recent past about I guess higher in-store marketing and you said today you’re not just cutting trade you’re really looking to shift that to better ROI projects. Is that the right way to look at it? Do you think that maybe some observers were calling for massive trade promo that all flows to the bottom line? Is that true, is that overstated at this point as people look at the whole food industry. I know you can’t answer for everyone else, but you guys are obviously one of the larger cap ones out there. I’m just curious how you think about that whole balance there.
Jeff Harmening: So we think about it. Ken, in the following terms. We think that a sustainable business model needs to have both margin expansion and top-line growth. So we are very, as we said many, many times we are very focused on both clearly, we acknowledged that the bar is higher now than it used to be on expectations for margin. And we’re addressing them very diligently through HMM, which we’ve had going for many years and the many other restructuring initiatives and other cost savings activities that you’ve seen us initiate over the last several years. So we are very highly focused on the margin piece and you’re seeing that this year with good gains and we expect that to continue once we go forward. But the additional part for us is that you got to have top-line growth. And so we’re very focused on innovation and being responsive to the consumer by keeping our core brands relevant advertising that works. And to drive growth and where we’re getting that formula right, we’re seeing good growth in our core category. So for us it’s finding that balance both we think that’s the key to sustainability in this environment. And in particular the focus on innovation and consumer first we think is critically important in an environment where consumer attitudes and values about food as you guys all know are changing very, very rapidly. So that’s really how we approach it.
Ken Goldman: Thank you. That’s helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with CLSA. Please proceed.
Michael Lavery: Good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Don Mulligan: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: Just looking at cereal, you talked about how you’re seeing the lift from gluten-free Cheerios or some of the renovation on the other big brands but in total on the quarter it still was down 2%. So what’s the offset there and how big are those declines and what’s the outlook for where that can go, have you seen it stabilize or is there improvement on the way?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, Michael, look the biggest offset by far is one that I mentioned earlier which is our cereal merchandising at one of our biggest customers and we’ve got a good line of sight to seeing that improve in the fourth quarter. So by far that is our biggest headwind in cereal because we feel great about the renovation initiatives that we have and the innovation we’ve just launched in the third quarter so we’re confident we will see that business continue to improve as it did in the third quarter, continue to improve in the fourth quarter as we lap that merchandising.
Michael Lavery: Well, I guess I understand that but I guess I’m looking at it when you’re talking by brand you’re seeing Cheerios and they are not all third quarter on Slide 26 for instance but Cheerios is up 2% the other seven are up six and you still have momentum it looks like on Cinnamon Toast Crunch. So regardless of channel that’s your whole business I assume, is that correct and so if that’s the case then which brands are the drag is Chex or Wheaties down double-digits or what’s the total picture look like?
Ken Powell: We don’t have. Michael, we don’t have any one brand that’s dragging it down, so there’s not a smoking gun of one particular business. If you look at particular brands, there are a couple businesses in particular. One we’re lapping a lot of Cheerios protein from a year earlier which is of course is not gluten-free and the second is our adult brand Fiber One is not performing particularly well. And our Chex business is down a little bit but there is not one of those that you point to and say look that is, yes, it’s a biggest challenge we have is certainly the merchandising but within our brand portfolio those are ones that are not performing as well as they did a year ago.
Michael Lavery: Okay, that’s very helpful. And then just on Venezuela with that divestiture would that have been a material contributor to the double-digit sales growth in Latin America from the third quarter?
Jeff Harmening: No. Venezuela is 0.1% or 0.2% of our sales so very small it will be immaterial.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Perfect. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks.
Ken Powell: Hey, Jason.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Jason English: Thank you for – let me ask the question. I want to come back to Jeff if you have the U.S. retail trends. You guys have kind of condition just over the years to focus on base trends and say kind of ignore the incremental, its noise and you’re chalking up the weakness this quarter to some of that incremental noise merchandising, competitive dynamics. But when you look at base trends they are eroding pretty hard and pretty fast for your overall U.S. retail portfolio. So can you talk more about the drivers of the underlying base sales weakness in your portfolio probably speaking?
Jeff Harmening: Yes, Jason, as we look at our third quarter baseline results, remember there are two things that we talked about one was the merchandising, one of our key customers, the other is yogurt. And our base sales trends on yogurt are really driving the negativity for our baseline sales for the U.S. RO categories in the third quarter. And that is largely due to the competitive activity we talked about it earlier. So we’ve seen double-digit baseline declines on our yogurt business, which is due to competitive activity, which has served to bring down the – if you look across the baseline performance of the portfolio.
Jason English: Okay. And another question for Don then, gross margins, Don, you’re calling for a negative inflection in the fourth quarter. By our math maybe Green Giant divestments adding 30 bps to 40 bps of gross margin, is that fair? And if so sort of the implied underlying weakness in the fourth quarter is even more substantial. Is this really an inflection that we should expect as we lean into next year or is it just a blip due to timing factors?
Don Mulligan: Yes, it’s a later, as we’ve – as the years unfolded in the fourth quarter, we’re still going to benefit obviously from strong HMM, but the merch timing that we talked about and particularly what we’re lapping a lower merch period last year was higher this year. The inflation which is actually the single biggest factor, because last year Q4 was our lowest inflation of the year, this year it’s our highest inflation of the year. Last year is really when – in the fourth quarter is when dairy and grains came down, and while they’re still down, there are decelerating more, so we’re lapping there. And we have continued inflation in our manufacturing logistics, sugar, nuts, fruit, eggs, and obviously I’d say more broadly just in the Latin American region, and again more broadly. So, it is – it’s very much an inflation story in the quarter. That just – the phasing of it is different this year than last year with a low point last year and a high point this year. I wouldn’t read anything into it as we look into F 2017, and we’ll share more full guidance with you for F 2017 in a couple of months. But as we’ve talked about at Cagny, we are projecting 200 basis points of margin expansion by 2020 and we expect the majority of that calls [ph] to come through cogs and come through gross margin.
Jason English: Very good. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Eric Katzman: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Don Mulligan: Hi, Eric.
Ken Powell: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Katzman: Two questions if I could, I guess, one is question for Ken. I’ve heard from a number of other CEOs both currently in the industry and formerly in the industry who are getting more concerned about the pressure to cut costs and the risks to food safety and quality. I know you guys have done a very good job over time, but even you had to recall earlier. And so I’m wondering if you could maybe speak with an industry had on about the choices that are being made as the – as the market pressures the industry to cut costs. And then second around I think at Cagny, last couple of years, Ken, you’ve talked about kind of how some of these companies get distribution to a certain point they hit a wall and that’s – that wall is where the large cap companies such as yourself can really leverage that capability. But it seems like in yogurt, it just keeps going the other way. There are so many brands out there now. It doesn’t seem like they are hitting that wall, I mean it seems like the only company that pulled back was actually the PepsiCo, Müller joint venture. Otherwise, there is just more, more brands being added to the category and Annie’s is just another example of that. And how long does it take for scale to really I guess wind out if it does. Thanks.
Don Mulligan: Okay. So well, let me – I’ll answer the first one first, and I can’t really – I understand the observation Eric and the concern that you might hear. I can’t speak for the industry. I can only speak for us. And clearly we are very, very focused on product safety and product quality. It’s sort of central to our mission and that’s the kind of capability that we would maintain and actually build upon even in this environment, because we just think that consumer trust is sort of is job one for us. So but it goes to – your question goes to the earlier question as well about what are we trying to do, and we’re trying to do two things. We’re very, very focused on margin expansion, and we think we have a good line of sight, and we’ve performed well there over the last couple of years. We have a good line of sight on other things we can do to continue to – continue that good work. But we’re equally focused on maintaining the capabilities that we need in order to drive top line growth. And so we’re preserving. We’ve got a very strong marketing organization in CI. We’ve got excellent R&D. And so those are very important things and our product quality organization has been maintained at a very high level. So that’s how we look at it. I understand the question and I understand the concern, but that is the sort of – we would not compromise in that area. To your comments on yogurt, there is – I don’t have the numbers in front of me – from what’s come in and what’s has gone out over the last couple of years, Jeff may have those. And so there is a tremendous amount of new product activity in the yogurt area, lots of them don’t stick around for very long. So it is – there are a lot of them though and its become a more competitive category. But again, where we focus on the right innovation and the right – the right renovation, like expanding Annie’s into the yogurt dairy case, and other yogurt innovation initiatives that we will announce this summer, where we have good ones. We are able to succeed, because of the scale and the distribution power that we have. So we are confident that we can continue to grow there, it is an exciting space, it is a huge category globally, we have very high capability. And so we are just going to stay focused on the kind of innovation that will work in the category. I can come back to you, Eric, we can get some numbers maybe on how many have come in and how many have gone out. But your observation that there is a lot more in yogurt, I think is correct. I don’t know if you want to add anything Jeff.
Jeff Harmening: Yes. The observation that there are a lot of players in yogurt is extremely correct. And it is also true that we’ve grown distribution over this time as well. But if we think more broadly about the kind of capabilities, a big company in the scale that General Mills can bring. I don’t think you have to look further than Annie’s. We have driven double-digit distribution increases on Annie’s over the last two years in the grocery trade. But even beyond that, looking at the club channel, we have grown distribution in our foodservice area. We are growing Annie’s in our foodservice channels. And so broadly speaking we see the kind of capability that General Mills can add to some of these smaller players and when they hit the wall, how much better we can do. And you were starting to see the same thing with EPIC even though we just bought that business. And we have a high degree of confidence that we will be able to do a lot more faster than the founders alone could have done with their limited resources.
Eric Katzman: Thank you. That’s all.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Jeff, I’d like to ask in terms of the U.S. retail business the top 450 SKUs that you’ve isolated first in past. Maybe if you could update your progress in building distribution for that group, how the increasing merchandising plays into that and maybe how we should thinking about the magnitude of those SKUs on sales for the next two quarters?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Look, we’re really pleased with what we’ve seen with developing the distribution of our top 450 SKUs. We’re right on track where we thought we would be. We’re up over 5% and distribution of top 450 SKUs and really pleased with that performance. And it’s pretty broad performance over a number of categories. And we’ve even seen the benefits of things that we’ve discontinued. We discontinued a line on Hamburger Helper. And we’ve seen the distribution there decrease, but we’ve seen the increase on our top SKUs. And as a result, we are actually starting to see our turns increase on Hamburger Helper. We’ve also seen the benefits of distribution on our Pillsbury Doughboy. And one of the things that’s driving growth on our Pillsbury business is getting out of SKUs that were relatively unproductive and getting into more SKUs are relatively productive. And so we’re really pleased with the progress we’ve seen, we have more to do. We’ll keep that as a multi-year plan to get all of our distribution on our top items, but we’re progressing as we thought we would, and we see more room to go. The more we see that we can do, the more we like this initiative.
John Baumgartner: Great. And then just a follow-up in terms of Yogurt and the comments around the innovation in the category and the competition there. Aside from the merchandising increase in Q4, can you speak to any opportunities you’ll see to maybe improve your mix or maybe where you’re under mixing right now? And why we should be comfortable that we’re not seeing the beginning of another kind of 2011, 2012, given performance there.
Don Mulligan: Well, on the innovation front, we feel good about some of the innovation that we have launched. And we see some more good innovation on the way. So for example, our Greek Whips! which we launched a year ago are doing quite well. And we see an opportunity to expand those further. We have seen good initial results from our Annie’s organic Yogurt and we see an opportunity to expand Annie’s further and yogurt, as well as expanding into some other organic areas. So we feel good about the innovation we’ve done, but as we look ahead – actually we see even greater potential for innovation in some faster growing segments and whether that’s building on things like Whips or getting into even further into organic. There is certainly a runway ahead of us for innovation. And we know in a category like Yogurt just like in cereal, it is going to be the innovation and the marketing that drives long-term growth. Because dairy prices are 20-year low and we’ll see how long they stay there, but eventually they will go back up. And it will be a matter of innovation and marketing is going to win the day in Yogurt.
John Baumgartner: Great. Thank you very much.
Ken Powell: I think we have time for one more question, Denise.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. 
Don Mulligan: Hey, Chris. 
Chris Growe: Hi. Sort of a question for you if I could on, as you think about all the incremental cost savings coming through this year from all the various programs, Catalyst and all those programs, just should we still expect about half of those to be reinvested back in the business is that occurring. It sounds like you’re going to have an increase in overall investment in the fourth quarter. Are you kind of really accelerating the investment and should that continue into 2017 as well?
Don Mulligan: Yes, Chris this is Don. Yes, I think the mix that we talked in beginning of the year about reinvesting roughly half of our savings is still where we’re at. It is facing a little bit differently. As we said, I think advertising some of merchants a little more back loaded than we had originally anticipated, but for the full year it will be in that same range. And next year – obviously we haven’t completed our plans for next year, so I can’t give you an exact figure, but you would expect that we’re going to be continuing to reinvest some of those savings back and next year we also expect to have a little more leverage from higher top-line growth to add to the margin expansion.
Chris Growe: Okay. And I just have a follow-up question if I could on the International topics. We’re a little bit softer at this quarter underlying what I expected. Can you talk about some of the key factors involved in that you gave a little bit of an overview early on in the discussion, but maybe from just to give an idea like in the fourth quarter, you will see those profits improved and maybe some of the key factors in area that are leading to that weakness in this quarter?
Don Mulligan: Yes, sure. First off our International business, in total, we feel good about where the top-line has moved solid growth in developed markets really at that low-single digit level that will continue even if it’s tempered by some of the Yogurt pricing in Europe. Encouraging acceleration in emerging markets that Ken took you through, which is both innovation, our execution and some pricing. And as with other segments, we expect that to strengthen in the fourth quarter. In terms of the margins, there are a couple of things that are at play. One is obviously Green Giant does impact our profit in International. We sold the North American business, so Canada you’re seeing the impact of that. And that’s a low-to-mid single digit drag on the earnings for International. The other you see, we mentioned that the currency driven inflation on certain products I mean that’s a long way of saying we have some transaction FX impact for businesses that we source across border. So, for example, much of our Canadian product is sourced from the U.S., so as the Canadian dollar weakens that increases the cost in Canada and we have the same thing across some borders in Europe. And that has been a larger drag in the second half just due to currency movements and some hedge positions that we had. And that’s what you’re seeing in the quarter and it will continue into the fourth quarter as well. But if you strip out Green Giant in some of the transaction FX, the underlying growth, profit growth, we’re seeing at International is holding up quite well and that’s what we would expect to continue to see as we move into 2017.
Chris Growe: Thank you. Don, just to be clear, is the $0.08 FX drag that you have outlined, does that include – that’s exclusive of the transaction FX?
Don Mulligan: No, that does not include any transaction, that’s all translation FX.
Chris Growe: Okay.
Don Mulligan: Thank you for asking that to clarify.
Chris Growe: Yes, I just want to make sure. Thanks for the clarification.
Don Mulligan: The $0.08 is all translation.
Ken Powell: Okay. Denise, I think that’s all the time we have. So, I know some of you were queued up and we couldn’t get to your question. So, I’m available all day on the phone, so please give me ring. And thanks so much for your attention and questions this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q2  (2015-12-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Siemon - Director, IR Donal Mulligan - EVP and CFO Chris O’Leary - EVP, COO, International Kendall Powell - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Kenneth Goldman - JPMorgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Mills’ Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference is being recorded Thursday, December 17, 2015. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Siemon : Thanks, Melanie and good morning, everybody. I’m here with Ken Powell, our CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO; and Chris O’Leary, Chief Operating Officer for International Segment. I’ll turn the call over to them in just a minute, but first let me cover our usual housekeeping items. A press release on second quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning and is also posted on our website. You can find our slides on the website that supplement this morning’s presentation. Our remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions. The second slide in today’s presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that I’ll turn it over to my colleagues, beginning with Don.
Donal Mulligan: Thanks, Jeff. Good morning and happy holidays to everyone. Thank you for joining us today. As noted in our press release, General Mills’ first half financial results were in line with our expectations. After a strong first quarter, constant currency net sales declined low single digits in the second quarter due in part to the divestiture of our North American Green Giant business. We delivered another quarter of margin expansion helping drive a mid-single digit increase in constant currency adjusted diluted earnings per share. We’re increasing our cost savings targets to $500 million by fiscal 2018, driven by incremental savings from Project Century and we’re updating our full year fiscal 2016 growth targets to include the impact of the Green Giant sale. Excluding the Green Giant impact, we remain on track to deliver our original fiscal 2016 growth goals. Slide five summarizes our results for the second quarter. Net sales totaled $4.4 billion down 6% as reported and down 2% in constant currency. Total segment operating profit totaled $839 million, 2% above the prior year on a constant currency basis. Net earnings increased 53% to $530 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.87 as reported. These results include a one-time gain of $199 million related to the Green Giant divestiture, $99 million of restructuring and project related expenses as well as mark-to-market valuation effects.  Excluding these items affecting comparability, adjusted diluted EPS was $0.82, up 2% from last year’s second quarter. Constant currency adjusted diluted EPS increased 5% compared to a year ago. Slide six shows the components of total company net sales growth. Pound volume reduced sales by 3 percentage points. Positive sales mix and net price realization increased sales by 1 point, while foreign exchange reduced sales by 4 points. The Annie’s acquisition and the Green Giant divestiture combined to reduce pound volume by 2 points and net sales growth by 1 point for the second quarter. Turning to our segment results, slide seven summarizes U.S. retail performance. After posting 4% net sales growth in the first quarter U.S. retail net sales decreased 4% in the second quarter, driven by lower merchandise volume and the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures. Second quarter net sales were down 1% in the snacks and baking products operating units and declined at a mid-single digit rate in the remaining units. Year-to-date sales were flat to last year with growth in cereal and snacks. In our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment net sales declined 4% in the second quarter. Our six priority platforms posted combined net sales growth of 3% for the quarter with the strongest growth in frozen meals and yogurt. Net sales declined in the remainder of the business driven by the exit of some low margin businesses in the fourth quarter of last year as well as market indexed pricing on bakery flour. Slide nine summarizes our second quarter International segment net sales results on a constant currency basis. Net sales grew 3% overall led by Latin America where sales grew 17% driven by Mexico and Argentina, Brazil posted low single digit sales growth in the quarter. Canada sales were up 3%, net sales in the Asia-Pacific region increased 2% including double digit growth in India. And in Europe sales were down 2% with good growth in Häagen-Dazs offset by decline in Old El Paso as we lap the highly successful launch of Stand 'N Stuff Taco shells last year. For the first six months constant currency net sales in Europe are up 2%. Slide 10 shows the second quarter adjusted gross margin excluding certain items increased 60 basis points. This was primarily due to our productivity efforts offsetting low input cost inflation. This marks the third consecutive quarter we’ve delivered adjusted gross margin expansion. And we continue to estimate 2% input cost inflation for the full year. Turning to slide 11, total segment operating profit increased 2% in constant currency. U.S. Retail profit declined 3% in second quarter due to lower sales including the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. This was partially offset by benefit from our cost savings initiatives and lower media expense. Through six months U.S. Retail segment operating profit is up 15% versus prior year. Constant currency International profit increased 19% in the second quarter, primarily driven by favorable price realization and lower input cost. And Convenience Stores and Foodservice profit was up 7% thanks to our cost saving efforts. After tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $23 million in the second quarter down 6% in constant currency, due to lower volume for Häagen-Dazs Japan. Second quarter constant currency net sales increased 1% for CPW and declined 10% for Häagen-Dazs Japan driven by reduced new product activity. For the first half constant currency after tax JV earnings increased 5% and that’s on top of a 9% constant currency growth in the first half of F‘15. Turning to slide 13, corporate unallocated expenses excluding restructuring and project related charges and mark-to-market valuation effects decreased by $6 million in the quarter. We recorded a one-time gain of $199 million related to the Green Giant divestiture. We incurred $99 million in restructuring and project related charges in the quarter. Net interest expense decreased 5% from the prior year, due to lower average interest rate and lower debt levels. We continue to expect interest expense to be down mid-single digits for the full year. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 37.4% as reported nearly 6 points above last year due to tax impacts of the Green Giant divestiture. Excluding this and other items effecting comparability, the tax rate was 32.3% this year compared to 33.5% a year ago. We continue to expect our full year tax rate to be comparable to last year. And average diluted shares outstanding declined 1% in the quarter in line with our full year expectations. Now I’ll turn to our first half financial performance. We posted constant currency growth across all of our key metrics. Net sales were up 1%, segment operating profit increased 12% and adjusted diluted EPS grew 18% compared to a year ago.  Slide 15 shows that our core working capital declined 38% versus last year’s second quarter. This was driven primarily by the elimination of Green Giant inventory and continued working capital efficiency gains. We’ve now reduced core working capital year-over-year for 11 consecutive quarters.  On slide 16, you can see that cash flow from operations totaled nearly $1.2 billion for the first half, 34% above last year primarily due to lower working capital and higher net earnings. Capital expenditures totaled $294 million through six months. Through the first half we returned more than $1 billion in cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Slide 17 provides an update of our cost savings initiatives. We’re on track to deliver $400 million in cost of goods HMM savings in fiscal 2016 and we continue to make good progress on our incremental cost savings initiatives. Taken together these initiatives remain on track to deliver between $285 million and $310 million in annual savings this fiscal year. In the first half of fiscal 2016 we announced plans to close four additional factories as part of Project Century, our initiative to streamline our supply chain network. As a result, we are increasing our fiscal 2017 savings target from $400 million to $450 million and we’re establishing a $500 million savings target for fiscal 2018. Slide 18 summarizes the impact of the Green Giant divestiture and constant currency net sales and earnings for fiscal 2016 and 2017. For fiscal 2016, we expect the Green Giant sale will reduce net sales and segment operating profit by approximately 2 points each and we expect a $0.07 negative impact to adjusted diluted EPS. We expect an additional 1 point reduction in net sales in segment operating profit in fiscal 2017 as well as a $0.03 reduction in 2017 adjusted diluted EPS. Slide 19 provides a summary of our 2016 constant currency sales and earnings guidance, which includes the impact of the Green Giant divestiture. And to be clear the Green Giant divestiture is the only material change of this guidance. Our original guidance call for flat net sales, low-single digit growth in segment operating profit and mid-single digit growth in adjusted diluted EPS. Adjusted for the impact of Green Giant, we now expect net sales to be down low-single digits, total segment operating profit to be flat last year and adjusted diluted earnings per share to grow at a low-single digit rate. Current exchange rates remain a $0.09 headwind to full year adjusted diluted EPS growth in 2016. And with that I will turn the microphone over to Chris O’Leary. Chris?
Chris O’Leary: Thanks, Shawn and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to give you an update on the performance of our International segments so far this year. Our International businesses generate more than $5 billion in net sales and have been growing at a 14% compound rate over the past five years. While acquisitions have contributed to our results during this time period, our base business grew at a mid-single digit rate thanks to consumer first product innovation and renovation. Our segment operating profit grew at a 20% compound rate over that same five year period and our operating profit margin increased by 250 basis points. Keep in mind; these figures include the impact of foreign exchange, which generally have been a headwind for us during this time period. There is a lot to like in our International business, just over 60% of our sales are in developed markets and we have posted strong growth here in recent quarters. In emerging markets we are feeling the impact of slowing economy in Brazil and China, but sales in our Latin America and Asia Pacific regions are still growing nicely in constant currency.  Through the first half of fiscal 2016 International net sales declined 12% and operating profit declined 10%, reflecting significant foreign exchange headwinds. On a constant currency basis net sales increased 4% and segment operating profit grew 80%. Let me give you a little more detail on what is driving our growth across our four regions. In Canada solid execution on the fundamentals is the primary driver of 4% constant currency net sales growth in the first half. In cereal we launched Shop at Lucky Charms this year as a new flavor choice for a brand with strongest style appeal with millennials. Cinnamon Chex is a gluten free option with no artificial colors or flavors. We recently introduced Nature Valley Muesli and Cheerios Plus, which features protein sliced almonds and granola clusters. This focus on consumer first innovation has helped our cereal business gain nearly half a point of market share so far this year. Retail sales for our snacks are growing at a double digit pace and we’ve gained more than 3 points of share on the strength of new grain snack product launches, like Nature Valley Nut and Seed bars and Fiber One crumble bars. First half retail sales for Yogurt business matched a year ago levels we are driving growth on our Liberté line and recently introduced a Greek Yogurt Seeds variety similar to the Plenti product here in the U.S. and our Kid Yogurt business is growing on the strength of the yap beverages featuring The Minions. Retail sales for Yoplait source declined in the first half as consumers shifted away from weight management options. We are working with retailers to implement the most effective shelf sets given changing consumer dynamics and we expect to drive improved Yogurt retail sales performance in the back half of the year. Innovation is driving our results in Europe with constant currency net sales up 2% so far this year. Häagen-Dazs is leading that growth.  First half retail sales increased 16% on the strength of super-premium stick bars launched in France this summer. These high quality bars have had great visibility in stores as retailers leverage the well-known Häagen-Dazs brand. We’ll continue supporting the line with advertising and promotions and we’ll add two new flavors in the second half. For Old El Paso Mexican Foods first half retail sales matched results in the same period last year, when sales grew 15% with the highly successful launch of Stand 'N Stuff Tortillas. We’ve had more Stand 'N Stuff varieties coming in the second half, including whole wheat tortillas and crispy chicken dinner kits. Old El Paso restaurant take dinner kits, which first launched in Canada are our most recent introduction in Europe. These high quality kits give consumers an easy way to make a restaurant quality Mexican meal at home.  We’ve been supporting the line with advertising and strong levels of in-store promotions to drive trial and we’ll be launching three flavors of restaurant-style [ph] sauces later this year. So we like our performance so far this year in developed markets and we have more innovation and product news coming in the back half. In emerging markets we continue to experience headwinds in Brazil and China, but we are seeing strong growth in markets like Mexico, Central America, India and the Middle East. In Latin America constant currency net sales grew 9% through the first half. In Brazil consumers are pressured and competition is high so we’re leveraging our strong national sales organization to drive in-store visibility. Net sales in Brazil return to growth in the second quarter behind good product news. New Yoki ready-to-eat Popcorn is performing well and we are growing our Kitano Seasonings business with good advertising, updated packaging and marketing support in stores. Outside of Brazil we are seeing good growth in the rest of Latin America. Constant currency net sales in Mexico are up double digits through the first half of the year led by excellent performance by Nature Valley bars and newly launched Fiber One grain snacks. In the Asia Pacific region constant currency net sales were up 2% through the first half, slower than our usual rate of growth due to a more challenging consumer environment in China. Net sales for our Wanchai Ferry dumplings business declined in the first half as some consumers traded down to more value priced options. But where we’ve provided a strong consumer benefit we’ve seen good results. For example our new Wanchai plus dumplings are on trend with Chinese consumers’ desires for better for you options. This line contains more vegetables and lean meat and it offers first to market innovation with colored dough wrappers infused with natural vegetable juices. And our [indiscernible] product continue to perform well. We are bringing new varieties including rainbow colored wrappers to this line of Dim Sum in the second half of the year in time for Chinese New Year. Net sales for Häagen-Dazs ice-cream in China were up 2% through the first half led by strong sales execution at retail. We also introduced frozen yogurt in our shops. We position this yogurt as an everyday light indulgent and have had positive response from consumers looking for healthier sweet treats. We are bringing more news to our shops in the second half with the great ice-on fire promotion running now and rose themed ice cream creations planned Valentine's Day. Yoplait yogurt in China is building off of a good start this summer and our market share in Shanghai exceeded 8% last month. We’re seeing particularly good performance on our premium Perle de lait as Chinese consumers appreciate its high quality, unique packaging and thick texture not typically seen in yogurts in China. Last month we added a new coconut flavor to the line. We have a number of marketing activities planned for the second half of the year continue to drive trial, including advertising, more sampling and channel specific promotions. We will continue so we continue to like the growth prospects we see for Yoplait in China. In total, first half net sales for our business in China were down 1% in constant currency. While we have a variety of consumer focus news planned and expect some improvement for the second half we expect continues to conditions to remain challenging in the near-term. Outside of China, the remainder of our Asia Pacific region has posted strong double digit growth so far this year. We’re driving these results in Asia the Middle-East and Africa on the popularly of sweet snacking options, which is a $30 billion category in this market. First half sales for Häagen-Dazs ice cream grew 9% in constant currency, driven by new on trend fruit flavored varieties launched this summer. We have been seeing increased distribution for our line of Betty Crocker cookie cakes, our first ready to eat sweet snack in the Middle-East. And we’ve generated strong double digit net sales growth so far this year in India. Thanks to distribution gains on Pillsbury cake mixes and new chocolate spreads in value price sachet packages. We expect double digit sales growth to continue in the second half in the EMEA region as we see great opportunities for our sweet snacks in this fast growing market. So we are pleased with our overall performance in our international regions. We have driven excellent regions. We have delivered excellent results in developed markets, we are focused on delivering improvement in Brazil and China and we expect continued strong growth in the rest of our emerging markets in the second half. We are also committed to expanding our International segment’s to profit margin. Let me give you a quick update on our recent restructuring efforts. Project Compass is our initiative to restructure our international businesses through increased organizational effectiveness and reduced administrative expense. We are in the process of folding Yoplait international operations into our European regions to increase efficiency and optimize our resources. In total Project Compass remains on track to deliver $45 million to $50 million in cost savings. We also recently expanded the scope of Project Century beyond North America. We have announced closure of our pasta plant in New Zealand and the proposed closure of facility in the UK subject to work council’s approval. Savings from these plant closures and Project Compass are included in the company-wide $500 million cost saving goals that Don referenced earlier. These initiatives are incremental to our ongoing HMM efforts and put us on track to exceed our goal of 150 basis point of operating margin expansion by 2020. I will share more details at the Cagny Conference in February. So let me summarize my comments this morning. Consumer first renovation and innovation efforts are driving growth across all our geographic regions through the first half of the year with particularly good performance in developed markets. Brazil and China are challenging but stable and we’re posting strong growth in the rest of our emerging markets. And we will drive margin expansion through continued HMM productivity efforts and the restructuring initiatives I have just described. Thank you for your time this morning, I’ll now turn the call over to Ken. 
Kendall Powell: Okay well good morning, everybody and thank you, Chris for that review of our International business. So I’m going to spend a few minutes now providing an update on our other two segments starting with U.S. Retail. Our U.S. Retail net sales and segment operating profit performance are in line with our expectations through the first half of fiscal 2016. Net sales totaled $5.3 billion matching prior year levels. Year-to-date segment operating profit is up a robust 15% driven by lower promotional and SG&A expenses. Retails sales for our aggregate categories in the U.S. are up 1% in the first half of fiscal 2016 after being flat in 2015. This improvement has been driven by better unit volume performance and we continue to see positive net price realization across our categories.  The largest driver of improved performance has been in cereal, where category declines of 3% in fiscal 2015 have moderated to less than 1% thus far this year. We like the improvement we’re seeing in our categories in the U.S., but our retails sales performance did not keep pace in the first half. We’re encouraged by the early returns we’re seeing on our snacks and cereal renovation news, but those gains were more than offset by lower merchandising levels in the first half. Part of that was driven by our continued effort to reduce inefficient trade spending and we’re making progress. Our lifts were up in the first half and outpaced our categories. The other factor driving lower merchandising was a broad based reduction in display across our customer base a situation which was particularly acute at a large customer. In Yoghurt, the decline in dairy prices this year has coincided with increased competitive activity. This led to reduce merchandising and lower market share for Yoplait in the first half, we’re working to increase our competitiveness, while maintaining profitability in the category in the second half. Turning to our other large businesses we’ve seen improved retail sales results for our meals and baking businesses thus far this year, thanks to solid execution. Let me now share with you some of our first half highlights and examples of how we’ll strengthen our retail sales performance in the second half. Our top priority in U.S. Retail this year is to drive growth in cereal and our net sales are up 1% year-to-date. The launch of gluten-free Cheerios is an important component of our cereal growth plan and we’re encouraged by the results thus far. After baseline declines in recent quarters, gluten-free Cheerios varieties posted baseline sales growth in the grocery channels once we turned on advertising support in September. We saw minor slowdown the week of the recall and since then baselines have returned to growth. To keep the momentum going, we’re adding incremental media support on gluten-free in the second half and we have another gluten-free merchandising event planned in the third quarter. We’ve also seen continued strong results on Cinnamon Toast Crunch this year. Our more Cinnamon renovation drove a 9% increase in retail sales last year and retail sales are up another 7% in the first half of 2016. Earlier this year, we announced our plan to remove artificial flavors, colors and high fructose corn syrup from all Big G Cereals by 2017. Nearly, 80% of our brands will meet that claim by January. We’ll begin marketing this renovation news in the third quarter with an in-store merchandising event, TV support, coupons and digital advertising. We’ll expand the Nature Valley brand in the second half with five new great tasting cereals. These launches add to the current Nature Valley breakfast portfolio that includes protein Granola, Granola bites, Muesli and hard oat meal. We also have a great slate of movie equity promotions planned for the second half. We’re executing Star Wars merchandising events with customers in December and January featuring limited editions Star Wars packaging and impact premiums in new flavored Big G Cereals. Later in fiscal 2016, we’ll launch a Batman and Superman promotion featuring two new cereals and more in store merchandising activities. These new cereals feature a high impact foil embossed packaging and unique flavors which should appeal to teenage and millennial consumers. And we’re increasing our U.S. cereal media investment in the second half behind some great campaigns. In total, we expect our renovation, innovation and investment plans will drive the improved retail sales performance for our Cereal business in the second half of fiscal 2016. Our Grain Snacks business has a long track record of growing market share and our share was up again in the first half, but our retail sales growth slowed due to the lower merchandising levels I mentioned earlier. Our plan to strengthen retail sales performance starts with core brand renovations. We’ve reformulated our Nature Valley Crunchy Bar line in the second quarter to make the product easier to buy. We turned on TV support for this news last month and base line sales have responded positively. We continue to bring compelling innovation to our Grain Snacks business. We launched Fiber One cheese cake in the first half and it’s already a top turning item in the category. Next month we’re capitalizing on growing consumer interest in alternative nut butters with the launch of Nature Valley Nut Butter biscuits. And we are introducing a line of kid focused Grain Snacks leveraging movie equities. We’re supporting our second half renovation and innovation news with a mix of television and digital advertising, featuring new campaigns for Nature Valley and Fiber One and we have a strong second half merchandising plan in place.  So overall, we feel we have a good slate of news in Grain Snacks in the second half and the right level and mix of support. We expect momentum to build on this business as we move through the third and fourth quarters of 2016. I mentioned earlier that competitive activity had a negative impact on our first half U.S. yogurt sales and share. We have a stronger plan in the back-half to drive improved retail sales results. Our merchandising support is increasing in the second half, including a One Up Your Cup event, which gives consumers snacking ideas to make the Yoplait yogurt they love even better. We will advertise behind One Up Your Cup and another Yoplait campaign highlighting, milk, fruit, cultures and of course great taste. We have two significant new product launches rolling out next month too. We’ll expand our Plenti Greek Yogurt line with six new Plenti Oat Meal varieties that combined Oat Meal and Greek Yogurt to bring consumers a more safety eating morning snack. In addition, we’re bringing Annie’s to the yogurt category with the new family focused line of organic yogurts made with whole milk and real fruits. Our natural and organic portfolio continues to grow nicely. Annie’s has grown retail sales and share in each of its core categories year-to-date and we’ve extended the brand into organic soup cookies and yogurt categories. Jeff Harmening will share news on our next Annie’s category expansion at the Cagny Conference in February. In addition to Annie’s we continue to see growth in our existing natural and organic portfolio. Our Cascadian firm organic Grain Bars business has grown retail sales 18% and retail sales for our Cascadian farm organic cereal business are up 8%. So let me briefly share a few additional U.S. Retail highlights. Soup season is now in full swing and we’re gaining share through improved merchandising performance. On Dessert Mixes our goal for the year was to improve our value to consumers by better matching competitive price levels. We’re seeing results so far, our dollar share has stabilized and unit share has increased by more than a point. Retail sales for Old El Paso increased 1% in the first half led by the shelves, refried beans and seasoning businesses. And in Totino’s Hot Snacks we’re launching Pizza Rolls renovations in the second half to strengthen our number one market position. So in total, we expect our U.S. Retail business to deliver improved retail sales performance in the second half driven by increased investments on key renovation news and excellent line up of consumer first innovation and a higher level of merchandising support. Turning to our Convenience Stores and Food Service segment, our first half net sales were down 2% driven by the exit of some custom mix businesses and the impact of index pricing on our bakery flower business. However, our focus six platforms continue to perform well posting 5% net sales growth. First half segment operating profit was in line with last year and this performance is in comparison to 15% profit growth in the year ago period. Our frozen meals platform, which combines our successful frozen breakfast products and our more recent entry into Okay-12 school lunches led first half performance. Net sales increased at a strong double digit rate driven by the expansion of our Mini Bagel innovation. We’re seeing continued strong performance from our snacks platform with net sales up low-single digits year-to-date driven by Beugel and Chex Mix growth in the convenience store channel. Our cereal platform also generated low-single digit growth led by bulk packed varieties and our yogurt platform posted mid-single digit growth in the first half, fueled by good performance in Greek and ParfaitPro. In total we expect segment net sales and operating profit growth to improve in the second half, driven by continued good growth on our Focus 6 platforms and continued cost savings. So let me close by summarizing this morning’s remarks. We posted growth in constant currency net sales segment operating profit and adjusted diluted earnings per share in the first half. We have a solid plan to strengthen retail sales in the second half with innovation and renovation news as well as additional consumer and merchandising support. We’re now targeting $500 million in cost savings by fiscal 2018 and we’ve adjusted our fiscal 2016 guidance for the Green Giant divestiture. Excluding the impact of Green Giant we remain on track to deliver the growth goals we lead out at the beginning of the year.  So with that I’ll open the call for questions. Operator, please will you get started?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed. 
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. 
Kendall Powell: Hey, Chris good morning. 
Chris Growe: Hi. I just had two quick questions for you. I want to ask first in relation to the retail -- your U.S. Retail sales performance, do you expect growth in the second half of the year for that business and I guess in relation to that I just want to get a sense of where inventories stands. Is that could be an effect on your reported sales growth in the second half as you see it today?
Kendall Powell: Yeah, so it will improve - we expect it to be flat in the second half Chris behind the activity that I talked about, which we can go into in later questions. But there is quite a bit more renovation, new products in the second half and so based on that there is more promotional event oriented promotional activity and there is also stronger media support. So we do expect that consumer movement to improve in the second half based on the phasing of our activities. 
Chris O’Leary: And Chris just to confirm, Ken is referring to the comparable sales obviously in U.S. Retail the second half will suffer from not having Green Giant and not having 53rd week as you’re modeling it. 
Chris Growe: Sure, yeah, okay that’s great. And just a quick question then on yogurt and just it sounds like that’s got a little bit more competitive in that category, is there a matter of getting sort of your key price points lower. And I was curious if that also -- if that true across Greek as well as conventional; is there one that’s more getting a little bit more aggressive in terms of price competition.
Donal Mulligan: Yeah, well it’s a little bit of both; it’s some price point adjustments and some frequency. I mean we found as the promotional environment got a little hotter in the first half and as you heard in response to lower milk prices, there was just an increase in the pace of activity; frankly we were, just because of the timing of when various things can happen, we were blocked out of certain windows. And so as we’ve moved forward and to adjust our price points and adjust our frequency both on Greek, Chris, and a little bit on core cup as well we know that our promotional frequency and quality will be improved in the second half. 
Chris O’Leary: The other thing I’ve mentioned Chris is just given the dairy prices and that adds more benefit to the Greek business so that uses more milk. It was also skewed to promotions focused on Greek and clearly our share in Greek is not as high as in the traditional yogurts. So as that evens up in the second half of the year, we think that we’ll get a greater share of the merchandising windows in Yogurt in the back-half.
Chris Growe: I see that makes sense. Okay, thanks so much for your time and happy holidays.
Chris O’Leary: Thanks, Chris, you too.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody. 
Kendall Powell: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Just two quick things from me, one is at your Analyst Day in Boston I think you mentioned that General Mills would look to reinvest roughly one-half of the sort of incremental cost saves that you would generate this year and I am just trying to get a little update is that the pace that company is tracking at? And if so just are you getting the sort of return through the first half on that sort of reinvestment that you would have expected?
Chris O’Leary: Yeah, Andrew I think we remained largely on pace for that same kind of mix of reinvestment as Ken alluded to some of the planned merchandising in the first half didn’t happen we’ll see that in the second half. So I would say we’re probably a little lighter in some of that reinvestment in the first half of the year. And as we said we opened the year with a stronger profit performance than we expected in the first quarter and that holds through the first half. And so we’ll see I think a greater portion in plan of our reinvestment in the back half, but I think you’ll see that in advertising, you’ll see it in merchandising and you’ll see it in improved top-line performance as well.
Andrew Lazar: And then…
Kendall Powell: Just to -- Andrew, maybe just to build on that a bit our media spend was down in the first half and will be in the U.S. and will be flat in the second half, our merchandising spending was down low-single digits in the first half, will be up in mid-single digits in the second half. So there is a significant phasing component to the way that year was planned and will unfold and we expect to see those second half activities give us a good return and some stronger consumer movement.
Donal Mulligan: Yeah, let me -- actually it’s a great point; let me just build on that a little bit on advertising because I’m sure that minus 15 in the quarter might popped up some folks and what I would say is that quarterly advertising expense can be variable. It was minus 10 for the first half, but that includes the ForEx impact and as you can see on sales ForEx has been about 5 point impact. So in constant currency advertising is not down as much as it was looking on a reporting basis.  Now it was planned to be down due to Forex, but also because of some choice we’ve made on our value oriented brands. As Ken alluded to it will be up in the back half on a comparable basis. And even on a reported basis we expect it to be about flat and that’s taking into account Forex and the 53rd week and it will clearly be up on our priority businesses in the U.S. cereal, yogurt across Christmas businesses in International and we expect for the full year that advertising will move in line with sales growth and again up on the full year on those priority businesses.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you for that. And then I think on the last call you had mentioned gross margin expansion for the full year of roughly 50 to 100 basis points was probably a reasonable place to land. Any significant changes one way or the other on that expectation based on what you saw in the second quarter?
Donal Mulligan: Yeah first half came in at 170 basis points better we obviously lap some things in the first quarter on merch from F’15; we’ll continue to see expansion in the second half, but it will be less than in the first half where it’s still benefit from strong HMM, but will begin lapping some of the inefficient merchandising we took out last year and as we said we phased some of our merchandising to the second half of this year and inflation will increase in the second half from the first half. So the range of 50 to 100 is still the right guidance I would say coming out of first quarter, but frankly we’re probably moving more toward the high end of that range.
Andrew Lazar: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC. Please proceed.
David Palmer: Thanks.
Kendall Powell: Hey, David.
David Palmer: Two questions. Good morning, first, scanner data looks to be pointing to a decline in promotion in merchandising activity in your Cereal business and back in the summer we could have imagined lot more activity behind the gluten-free repositioning for Cheerios, and I realized that Walmart itself might be part of this change, but was the lower promotion activity always the plan or was there perhaps a change in course a little bit after the recall, any color would be helpful?
Kendall Powell: Thanks for that David. So yes lower cereal promotion was part of the plan; we do have as you said gluten-free renovation, which is very important news for us which came on into the second quarter and that will continue very strongly into the second half, we have a couple of more events, but lower promotion was planned; we had fewer new products in the first quarter compared to some important new product launches a year ago and so there was less merchandising activity there. I would say the thing that we anticipated but came out at us a little bit harder was decline in promotion in our largest customer and I think you’re well aware of clean store initiative and just trying to get their stores more focused on the most important merchandising activities. We anticipated that the impact was a little more than we expected and that resulted in a significantly less display there. And also we anticipated this as well but a little more than we thought just adjustment of inventory as they move towards that policy. So, that was an area that we did expect, but was a little more a deeper impact than we had planned for.
David Palmer: And related to the gluten-free reformulation, if you look at some -- I am sure you see panel data that gives you some insight in terms of trial and repeat and awareness on gluten-free and maybe the uptick. Is this working out like you would have thought and it’s different at all from the consumer response perspective that would be helpful. Thank you.
Kendall Powell: Sure. The consumer response has been very positive the baseline turns and so full priced non-promoted, sort of just true core baseline turns have been up very nicely through the first three months of that period even with that one week impact from the recall they’re up between 3% and 4%. So we’re quite pleased with how that has worked out for us so far I mean obviously the recall was a stumble, but the fundamental consumer reaction is in line if not a little bit better than we anticipated at this point. And we’re going to continue to support that initiative quite heavily in the second half with more merchandising folk events and continued very good advertising.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Moskow : Hi, thank you. I wanted to know if you could help us tease out the gross margin expansion a little bit more 60 basis points in the quarter, but it also was a pretty easy comp to a year ago. And I wanted to get a sense of what were the cost saves component of that 60 basis points and how much was the easy comp? And then also is there any kind of dilution to gross margin or accretion that we should expect because of Green Giant divestiture?
Donal Mulligan: Yeah, Rob. As I said the inflation flow this year is a little bit reverse from last year was higher in the first half last year and then decelerated as the year went on this year is kind of reverse of that. So we are certainly benefiting this year in the first half from lower inflation. Our productivity the $400 million it tends to be fairly stable throughout the year, so there is not really facing to the productivity savings. So the result we’re seeing this year that we’re seeing greater kind of net inflation if you will productivity less inflation that we saw a year ago. And as I said we’re rolling over the merchandising changes that we implemented starting in the second half of last year. So as the year unfold, we will start lapping that piece of it we’ll start seeing inflation accelerate a bit in the back half. Green Giant was a lower gross margin business; its operating margin was actually fine but it’s a lower gross margin business so that will have a little bit of accretive impact on our business as the year unfolds. And there has been a lot of work at our International business and actually if you look in the quarter international was a significant contributor to our gross margin expansion and Chris I don’t know if you want to add a few words on what we’re doing from a margin stand point on our International business.
Chris O’Leary: Obviously, it’s a combination of good strong HMM efforts focusing on product mix obviously developed markets growing faster and emerging is contributing to part of that mix effort. But it’s really get solid execution I guess the fundamentals.
Robert Moskow : Okay. And then maybe just is there any kind of dilution in these numbers for all the reformulation and ingredient upgrades that are going on Don, is there a way to quantify that? 
Donal Mulligan: Yeah well there is part of our investment. It was a smaller piece of our reinvestment. But the other thing that take into effect Rob as we’ve talked about is that you drive a little bit of volume in the businesses from those reformulations and you can see gross margin expansion and I think that you’ve heard Jeff Harmening talked before about our experience with Cinnamon Toast Crunch where as we increase the Cinnamon content we did see higher cost per unit on a variable basis, but even the volume increases and sales increases it were high single to double digits. You leverage the fixed plan and you see gross margin expansion. So really is a case-by-case basis, but we do see reinvestment we often times don’t see a gross margin percentage impact because of the leverage that you get on the plants.
Kendall Powell: Yeah and the only thing I would add to that is those margin moves around product renovation are they’re obviously there, but in the context of our ongoing HMM programs and the restructuring initiatives we have underway and the zero based focus we have on administrative spending. I mean they’re relatively minor in the larger picture and that sort of explains our conviction around our gross margin expansion goals.
Robert Moskow : I’m willing to try Cinnamon Yoplait if you want to give it a shot.
Kendall Powell: Remind me. So we’ll do a special one just for you when you next come out here.
Robert Moskow : Good, thanks. 
Donal Mulligan: Thanks Rob see you next month. 
Robert Moskow : Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 
Eric Katzman: Hi, good morning happy holidays everybody.
Kendall Powell: Hey, Eric.
Eric Katzman: Couple of questions I guess, why don’t we start with the earnings per share guidance, Don I just want to be clear. So if we start with the 286 base and we go let’s say up 1% to 3% and then adjust for the currency headwinds. You’re getting to like a 280 to 286 range let’s say. And I’m just -- I guess I’m not following because I think consensus was kind of closer to 90 or so going into this earnings report and you’d already I guess given the heads up as to $0.05 to $0.07 dilution from Green Giant. So I’m wondering is -- I know you can’t control consensus but I’m wondering is there something that investors or the analyst community was getting wrong because there is -- it’s not a huge difference, but it seems like there is maybe a nickel or so of difference between what you’re saying is no change versus where the analyst community was.
Donal Mulligan: Well I’ll just start with just to reaffirming your point that I can’t control the consensus I can try to influence it, but I can’t control it. We started the year with mid-single digit expectations in our underlying business it’s going to deliver that. We have seen the $0.09 ForEx headwind; I think we started the year with $0.04. So we saw that increase as the year unfolded I’m assuming that the consensus has that factored in appropriately. We gave a range of $0.05 to $0.07 for Green Giant for this year and ends up being $0.07 I’m not -- again I don’t know in the 290 if people were using $0.05 or $0.07. So it’s just -- I don't what peoples’ assumptions were or inputs were on those two measures. And then I think the other thing frankly we had a strong first quarter and I think people might gotten ahead of what the full year was going to look like. And as we said again in the first quarter we had three quarters to go we saw the business performing as we expected. And we’re still on track to deliver what we said back in July.
Eric Katzman: Okay, thanks for that. And then I guess again a full year question maybe for Ken. I mean do you expect in terms of your volume, will volume do you think can that be flat this year is that part of I know you don’t always get into the details of your top-line other than the consolidated number. But can we start with all this ramp up of merchandising in the second half, new products you’re talking about the categories maybe being a little better in some cases. I mean does your forecast assume that volume is flat this year?
Kendall Powell: Yeah flattish, yes.
Eric Katzman: Okay. And then -- thanks for that. And then I guess the last question is maybe just on yogurt from both the U.S. and a global perspective I mean it seems like that the company after getting struggling with the Greek phenomenon there’s just so many brands that you’re going to market with now and I’m just wondering if that is part of the issue here that you got Annie’s, you’ve Plenti, you’ve got Yoplait, you’ve got Liberté, I can’t keep track of all of them anymore and I’m just wondering if that’s do you think that that’s part of the issue that you don’t have the scale you used to when it was just basically Yoplait?
Kendall Powell: No I think I’ll come on to your brand comment I think the issue is in the first half is primarily this kind of change in the merchandising context in the category that’s clearly what happened driven by these dramatic declines in milk prices and as you know very-very well I mean we want to be in the zone on promotion, but that’s not how we try to win. And so -- but we did see ourselves lagging the market there and we’re going to adjust very carefully as we move into the second half and our performance will strengthen, but that was clearly the reason for what happened in the category in the first half and well beyond that.  To your comment on the brand portfolio we have now that’s a really good thing you should like that we’ve got great core cup equity obviously in Yoplait, we’ve come on very effectively over the last couple of years with our Greek varieties, but actually products like Liberté which have a different positioning and naturalness and this sort of thing they are participating in another high growth segment of the market now and they are doing really well and the organic sector of the yogurt market is growing double digit and Annie’s is a fantastic brand to put into that segment and that was a long held desire of Annie’s when it was an independent company, but they didn’t have the capability. So actually the fact that we have brands tailored to different consumers and different segments some of which are very high growth that’s a tailwind for us right now we like that.
Eric Katzman: Okay, all right thank you for that happy holidays again.
Kendall Powell: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Matthew Grainger: Hi, good morning everyone.
Kendall Powell: Hi Matthew, good morning.
Matthew Grainger: Thanks. Just on the International business so I guess a broader question on the portfolio, but given some of your recent steps to optimize the U.S. portfolio with Green Giant the addition of Annie’s just wanted to get your expectations for bolt-on M&A going forward and specifically how you’re thinking about the emerging markets portion of your business? We’ve seen your key competitor become more opportunistic and talk about the attractiveness of making a few acquisitions recently when sentiment and valuations are bit a lower, so just curious how you’re assessing that dynamic?
Kendall Powell: Sure so just a reminder internationally we focus on five global platforms cereal, ice-cream, yogurt, meals and snacking and you know we’ve been focusing our efforts on emerging markets first China, Brazil and then EMEA trying to broaden out our footprint. With regard to bolt-on acquisitions we are open to that and looking for that. The thing that the key difference between our businesses in the emerging world versus U.S. and Canada is we are not very broad. So we believe we can find -- if we can find the right bolt-on acquisition because our strategy has been to build first and foremost infrastructure and pipes in places like China, Brazil and India and then to start filling it out with those platforms. So I think we are looking I mean as part of our strategy but then obviously we can’t control the pace because it’s really what’s available and what we like with.
Matthew Grainger: Okay so Chris from your perspective has anything changed in terms of the quality of assets available or the expectations of sellers?
Chris O’Leary: No I wouldn’t say, fundamentally no obviously the environment is changing, but I wouldn’t say there’s a sea change of difference out there but we continue to mine.
Matthew Grainger: Okay. And Chris actually if -- I wanted to see if you could provide a bit more detail on the margin progress in International, I know you touched on this, but constant currency profits were up nearly 20%, margins were the highest for discrete quarter that they’ve been in years and you mentioned favorable mix, but can you talk about within the sub-regions maybe where you’re seeing more progress on the margin side versus where you’re investing more heavily and given the margins that we saw this quarters is that potentially indicative of a step up in absolute margins now that the cost savings is starting to come through?
Chris O’Leary: Well, I’ll get into much more detail in February, so suffice to say we are focused on this. We had a 19% growth in the quarter you got to remember there is also favorable dairy in there and there is a bunch of factors in there. But we are focused on this and we’ve got more levers now that we are firing on, we’ve got HMM, we’ve got Century, we’ve got Compass which will start flowing through. So, I’ll give more details when I see you guys in Cagny.
Matthew Grainger: Alright. Look forward to it. Thanks.
Chris O’Leary: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Kenneth Goldman : Hi, thanks for the question. Ken, on the first quarter call Rob Moskow asked that we should I think expected pretty short uptick in the next few months, in terms of Nielson, top-line and you said yes, that’s what you expect to see. I mean you sighted back-to-school falling in 2Q, you talked about the solid line up of merchandising on soup, baking and meals on a whole bunch of things. And the message that I took away and the message that I think a lot of investors took away was the things were going to get incrementally better on the top-line in 2Q because of timing not the opposite. So I am just trying to reconcile sort of what those words say with sort of what I am picking away today which is that the timing actually hurt you in 2Q for a couple of items maybe I just misunderstood what was said previously.
Kendall Powell: No, I think so thanks for the question Ken. So and just to your point on soup and baking, I mean we shouldn’t lose the plot those are kind of doing what we wanted them to do and going to have a good soup season there and the baking business has substantially improved. And in cereal and snacks, we did of course have some good news in the second quarter particularly gluten-free Cheerios, which has been very important news and as I said there the baseline movement has been very much what we expected and we really like how that is developing and so that’s been really good. The story for us in the second quarter is that our merchandising just what didn’t have the total impact that we had planned for it to have. So I would say event-by-event as we bring more focus and precision to our merchandising, our lifts were actually little bit higher than we planned, but just the frequency and the overall quantity was less than we thought with some very particular and deep reductions in our largest customer. And so that, we did not anticipate and that caused the underperformance in the second quarter versus what we might have expected, fully expected. And just continuing intense promotional environment in Yoghurt and so as we’ve said now we believe that we have addressed those as we go into the second half and as a result performance will improve.
Kenneth Goldman : That’s helpful. Can I ask a very quick follow-up the warm weather, RTS soup that looks so great right now, is that properly reflecting sort of what you’re seeing I know you’re not really talking necessarily about 3Q, but just a general sense soup sales are they disappointing to you right now?
Kendall Powell: Well, I mean I think you put your finger on it I mean that’s very much cold winter is tend to be good for us and so far it’s been an unusually warm season and we think that that’s a key factor with sort of overall market right now.
Chris O’Leary: But I mean in the last quarter our retail movement was still up and we gain share. So we’d like to see the category movement better, but we’re pleased that the effectiveness of our programs are working.
Kenneth Goldman : Thank you so much.
Kendall Powell: Hey, thanks a lot Ken.
Jeff Siemon : Melanie, I think that’s probably all the time we have.
Operator: Okay, thank you.
Kendall Powell: Okay well I know we didn’t get to everyone’s question. So I’m on the phone all the day so please feel free to give me a call if you have follow-ups. Thanks very much everyone. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today’s conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-09-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Siemon - Director, IR Kendall J. Powell - Chairman and CEO Donal L. Mulligan - EVP and CFO Shawn P. O'Grady – SVP; President, Sales and Channel Development
Analysts: David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Kenneth Goldman - JPMorgan Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC. Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call.  During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only-mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference is being recorded, Tuesday September 22, 2015.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Director of Investor Relations at General Mills. Please go ahead sir. 
Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Cathy and good morning everyone. I'm here with Ken Powell, our CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO; and Shawn O'Grady, Senior Vice President and President of Sales and Channel Development. I'll turn the call over to them in just a minute, but first let me cover our usual housekeeping items.  A press release on first quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning and is also posted on our website. You can also find slides on our website that supplement this morning's presentation. I'll remind you that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates.  And with that I'll turn it over to my colleagues, beginning with Don 
Donal L. Mulligan: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us today. As noted in our press release, General Mills posted strong operating results in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 with 4% constant currency growth in net sales and double-digit constant currency growth in segment operating profit and adjusted diluted earnings per share. We continue to make good progress on our cost savings initiatives and we have clear visibility to delivering our 2016 savings target. We are reaffirming our full year fiscal 2016 growth targets, which currently exclude any impact from the proposed Green Giant divestiture.  Slide five provides a summary of the Green Giant transaction. We're selling the Green Giant and Le Sueur brands of frozen and shelf stable vegetables to B&G Foods for $765 million in cash, subject to an inventory adjustment at closing. General Mills will continue to operate the Green Giant business in Europe and select other markets, primarily in Asia and the Middle East under a perpetual royalty free license from B&G. B&G will operate Green Giant primarily in the U.S., Canada and markets throughout Latin America and the Caribbean.  We anticipate using the net cash proceeds from the sale for share repurchases and debt reduction. The transaction is expected to be dilutive to our fiscal 2016 earnings per share in the range of $0.05 to $0.07 excluding transaction cost and a one-time gain on the sale. We'll provide you with another update after the transaction closes, which we expect to take place before the end of the calendar year.  Now let's turn to the first quarter. On slide six you can see net sales totaled $4.2 billion, up 4% in constant currency. Segment operating profit totaled $826 million, 23% above the prior year in constant currency. Recall that profit was down 15% in last year's first quarter due primarily to higher merchandising expense in U.S. Retail.  Net earnings increased 24% to $427 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.69 as reported. These results include mark-to-market valuation effects and restructuring and project-related expenses. Excluding these items affecting comparability, adjusted diluted EPS increased 30% to $0.79. On a constant currency basis adjusted diluted EPS was up 36%. Slide seven shows the components of total company net sales growth. Pound volume increased 2% from the prior-year including a one point contribution from the Annie's acquisition. Sales mix and net price realization also added two points to sales growth. And foreign exchange reduced sales growth by five points. U.S. retail net sales for the first quarter were 4% above last year, with growth in the Cereal, Meals, Yogurt and Snacks operating units. U.S. Retail net sales growth outpaced Nielsen measured sales in the first quarter. This was due in part to good growth in non-measured channels and increased customer inventory levels in advance of strong second quarter merchandising on promotions like gluten-free Cheerios. It's also important to remember that last year's first quarter net sales lagged Nielsen movement. Over a two year period growth rates for U.S. Retail net sales in Nielsen measured sales were comparable, excluding the impact of Annie's. Looking forward we expect Nielsen measured sales to strengthen in the second quarter. In our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment net sales increased 1% in the first quarter. Our six focused platforms, cereal, yogurt, snacks, mixes, frozen meals and biscuits posted combined net sales growth of 9%. Net sales for our remaining products were down driven by our exit of some low margin businesses in late fiscal 2015. Slide 11 summarizes the first quarter net sales results for our International segment. Constant currency net sales grew 5% overall. Sales in Europe increase 7%, driven by good growth on Häagen-Dazs and Old El Paso. Canada sales were up 5% due to strong growth on snacks. Latin America sales grew 3% and in the Asia-Pacific region sales increased 3% due to growth in South Korea and India. Slide 12 shows the first quarter adjusted gross margin increased 290 basis points. Recall that high levels of promotional expense significantly reduced gross margin in last year's first quarter. Also this year our first quarter margins benefit from our cost savings projects. In addition our COGS HMM savings offset inflation. We expect inflation will be the lowest in the first quarter and will build over the year to average 2%. Slide 13 details our segment operating profit results in the first quarter. Total segment operating profit was up 23% in constant currency driven by strong increase in U.S. Retail's profits. Remember that the U.S. Retail profit was down 25% in last year's first quarter. Constant currency International profit declined 3% versus year ago results that were up 17% and Convenience Stores and Foodservice profit was down 9% reflecting higher input costs, including lower grain merchandising and a comparison against 18% growth in last year's first quarter. Combined after tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $26 million in the quarter, up 16% in constant currency due to favorable input costs, and a decrease in SG&A for CPW and favorable price realization for Häagen-Dazs Japan. CPW sales were 2% below year ago levels in constant currency, while Häagen-Dazs Japan posted constant currency sales growth of 9%. And completing our review of the income statement; we recorded restructuring and project related charges of $95 million in the first quarter including $35 million in cost of sales and about $2.5 million in non-consolidated interest -- non-controlling interest. Unallocated corporate expenses, excluding mark-to-market evaluation effects and restructuring and project related charges were down $19 million. Net interest expense decreased $3 million in the quarter. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.7% as reported. Excluding items affecting comparability the tax rate was 32.3% this year, essentially matching year ago levels. And average diluted shares outstanding declined 2% in the quarter. Turning to the balance sheet, slide 16 shows that our core working capital decreased 16% versus last year’s first quarter, driven primarily by continued improvements in accounts payable. This is the 10th consecutive quarter that we have reduced our core working capital versus the prior year. Operating cash flow totaled $431 million in the quarter, 31% above last year’s results due to higher earnings. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $147 million and we returned more than $400 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Slide 18 provides an update of our cost savings initiatives. We are on track to deliver $400 million in cost of goods sold HMM savings in fiscal 2016. In addition we are making good progress on our incremental cost savings initiatives, including Project Catalyst, Project Century, Project Compass and the changes to our administrative policies and practices. Taken together these initiatives remain on track to deliver between $285 million and $310 million in annual savings this fiscal year and more than $400 million in fiscal ‘17. Slide 19 provides a summary of our 2016 sales and earnings guidance which currently excludes any impact from the proposed Green Giant divestiture. We are reaffirming the targets we outlined in July. We expect net sales to be approximately flat in constant currency. Excluding the difference in weeks we expect 2016 net sales to be up 1% in constant currency. We project our total segment operating profit will grow at a low single-digit rate on a constant currency basis and we are targeting mid-single digit constant currency growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share. At current exchange rates we estimate a $0.09 headwind to full year adjusted diluted EPS growth in 2016. Again all these growth rates exclude the impact of the Green Giant divestiture. We’ll provide an update to these growth targets after that divestiture is closed later this calendar year. With that I’ll turn the microphone over to Shawn O'Grady. Shawn?
Shawn P. O'Grady: Thanks, Don, and hello everyone. It’s great to be on the call this morning and give you an update on our U.S. Retail sales force and how we are partnering with our customers to drive growth. The mission of our U.S. selling organization is to lead profitable growth for both General Mills and for our customers. This morning I would like to take you -- like to highlight three primary ways to accomplish this mission. First, we drive growth by supporting the fiscal 2016 U.S. retail priorities that Jeff Harmening shared at our Investor Day in July. Second, we accelerate this growth by expanding our reach across new and growing food distribution channels. And finally we look to maximize the return of our efforts by delivering quality in-store execution.  And we do this through the efforts of the top sales teams in the industry, as ranked by our customers in the Annual Kantar Power Ranking survey. We are proud of that accomplishment, and more importantly it shows the credibility that we have with our retail customers. We know it means that our customers are counting on us to partner with them for growth. To ground you in the size and scope of our organization we employ around 1,700 sales professionals across the U.S. Our organization includes cross functional teams that call on customer headquarters, a retail organization that make sure our products are merchandised in stores and stocked on shelves and a centralized support group that provides advantaged capabilities to our sales teams. We have expertise in 25 categories, that span all three temperature states and we manage an average of 690 General Mills items in distribution.  The primary way we lead profitable growth is by supporting the U.S. Retail segment’s top priorities, which are to grow cereal, accelerate yogurt and snacks, drive double-digit growth on our natural and organic portfolio, and deliver consumer first value on key brands. In many cases the difference between an idea's success and failure is in how it comes to life in the stores of our retail partners. Let me share some example from a few of our priority categories. By now you have probably heard of the exciting news that nearly 90% of our Cheerios franchise is going gluten free. Our Cereal operating unit has developed a strong marketing plan to reach consumers with this news and we’ll build on that plan by making it an unmissable event in stores. This quarter we’ll place 35,000 full pallets on display across all retailers. To put that in to context our back-to-school merchandising event, the largest annual event across our entire cereal range is about this size. That means gluten-free Cheerios will be one of the largest merchandising event in our cereal business' history.  In addition to full pallets, we're creating custom gluten-free point of sale materials and leveraging digital tie-ins with several of our key customers. Retailers are incredibly excited about this news and the interest that will bring to Cheerios and to the cereal category more broadly.  In addition to supporting renovation, like gluten-free Cheerios we work to build in store excitement for innovation like our new Yoplait Plenti Greek yogurts and Nature Valley Simple Nut Bars. Our first job is building distribution, leveraging our category management capabilities to secure visible -- a visible block on the shelf for these new items. While it's still early customer acceptance and initial distribution build on these items are trending higher than our original expectations. Once we have new items in distribution, we execute introductory merchandising and in-store sampling to drive trial. And increasingly we're partnering with customers on digital marketing to build consumer awareness.  We're also working hard to drive growth for our natural and organic portfolio. Annie's, our most recent brand addition is a terrific brand with a great deal of distribution upside. We're focused on growing shelf presence on the top-33 Annie's SKUs which have only 30% average distribution nationally. In fact, since the acquisition we've grown Annie's distribution double digits, including a 16% increase at Target, which was the customer with the highest level of Annie's distribution prior to the acquisition. We're also expanding Annie's into relatively untapped channels, including club, e-commerce and food service, and we're leveraging our broad category expertise to help launch Annie's into new categories like soup and yogurt.  In addition to supporting U.S. Retail priorities, we also work to accelerate growth across the segment by expanding our offerings into faster growing channels. We have a strong position in traditional grocery stores and in super centers and a long history of generating growth in these two channels. We're also keenly focused on alternative channels where food retailing is expanding. In fact, sales in many of these formats are increasing at high single digit and double-digit rates.  Club Stores continue to generate strong growth, especially with attractive consumer segments like healthful foodies. We've experienced increasing success with Club retailers by focusing on winning in snacks with our Nature Valley Fiber One and Food Should Taste Good brands, leveraging strong product credentials like gluten-free cheerios, Immaculate Baking natural and organic refrigerated dough, and Yoplait Simple GoGurt. And launching unique offerings like Larabar almond butter, which appeal to the Treasure Hunt mentality of club shoppers.  Natural and organic retailers have also experienced strong growth as consumer preferences change. We've been selling to these retailers for more than 15 years but the acquisition of Annie's has opened up new growth avenues and increased our capabilities. We're now the third largest natural and organic food manufacturer in the United States and this enhanced scale combined with our dedicated stewardship of our brands has made us a significant and credible supplier to natural and organic consumers.  We're increasing our investment to further strengthen our capability from this channel and we're leveraging Annie's direct sales team in Berkeley and their broker relationship to accelerate growth for existing General Mills' natural and organic brands like Muir Glen organic tomatoes and Cascadian Farm's organic frozen food. We're also seeing greatly enhanced merchandising execution on our cereal business in the channel, which is helping to drive 50 basis points of cereal growth for Cascadian Farm organic cereals in these outlets.  In Drug and Dollar Stores we're seeing increased focus on food as retailers search for their next source of sales growth. Our scale, insights and dedicated sales force across food have provided us with an opportunity to positively impact growth for these customers. We leverage our leading brands and broad category positions to secure advisor ships early and those relationships have tended to stick and be beneficial to our business overtime.  We're taking this learning to the e-commerce channel too. E-commerce is the fastest growing food channel and our customers are testing a wide range of business and distribution models. We've established an e-commerce Center of Excellence to provide leadership for the virtual shelf by serving as food captain and we engage in annual collaborative business planning with our key retailers like Amazon, Wal-Mart.com and other pure play e-commerce retailers.  Our portfolio is well suited to the two main ways consumers shop for food online. We have limited distribution items like Larabar or gluten-free products that do well on sites that are geared to spear fishing or single item search. And our leading brands are seeing accelerating sales growth on sites that cater to customers looking to do their full basket shop online. Across these and other alternative food channels we're enhancing our capabilities to lead profitable growth for our customers and our brands.  The third way we lead profitable growth is by focusing on two key areas of execution, on-shelf distribution and in-store display. Over the past few years distribution growth and display availability across traditional retail channels has slowed. As a result we've shifted our focus to enhancing the quality of these activities. In fiscal 2016 we're focused on driving the right distribution across our portfolio. We are prioritizing what we call our Power 450 SKUs. These are our 450 best turning national items. In fact they turn at a rate that is nearly four times faster than the other items in our portfolio. These products represent three-quarters of our U.S. Retail volume, but less than 20% of our SKUs. More importantly we have on average less than 350 of these 450 items on the shelf. That's almost a 25% distribution gap and a significant growth opportunity for our largest and most profitable brand. The recent decline in effectiveness of merchandising across the store has been driven by too many displays containing too many items and worse too many small items. We are working with retailers to improve merchandising effectiveness by refocusing on big categories, big brands and fewer but larger items. That should mean more merchandising support for cereal which is by far the most productive merchandise category in the center store and more support for Honey Nut and Yellow Box cheerios, the largest items in the categories leading franchise. Now let me show you an example of how the U.S. Retail sales force integrated these efforts to lead profitable growth with Hispanic consumers in fiscal 2015. We started by leveraging strong dedicated Hispanic marketing initiatives on brands like Yoplait, Honey Nut Cheerios and Nature Valley. We focused our resources on specific markets and channels where we could maximize our results, for example Hispanic chains, wholesalers, Supermercados and select stores from national retail chains with concentrated Hispanic shopper bases. We then built a customized distribution and display plan for each of these customers and we developed Consumer 360 surround with local event sampling, radio, digital couponing and in some cases the use of credible celebrities. The result in 2015 was a five percentage point increase in sales growth where we implemented this initiative as compared to our national trends. In fiscal 2016 we are expanding our efforts from three cities to 24 cities, which collectively represent 50% of the food and beverage dollar spend by Hispanic consumers in U.S. I hope I've given you a better understanding of how our U.S. Retail sales force is leveraging our capabilities and relationships to lead profitable growth, both for our customers and for our brands. And with that I'll turn the microphone to Ken to provide some operating highlights from the first quarter. Ken?
Kendall J. Powell : Okay. Hey, thanks Shawn and good morning to one and all. As Don described fiscal 2016 is off to a good start with strong top and bottom line growth. We continue to put the consumer first and have posted solid sales growth on many brands across our portfolio. Let me give you an update on our performance in each of our business segments. In our U.S. Retail segment we delivered strong sales and operating profit growth in the quarter and we made progress on our key priorities for the year. We posted net sales growth for our cereal, yogurt and snacks businesses. We are seeing continued good performance from our natural and organic brands as we increase distribution across the country, as you just heard from Shawn. And we are gaining traction as we address value on key brands like Helpers and Betty Crocker mixes. In cereal we are encouraged by recent trends in the category. As you can see on slide 39 category sales declines have been moderating over the past several quarters with retail sales down about 1% in the most recent quarter. We believe product renovation and innovation are two keys to restoring the cereal category to growth and we’ve been doing our part with many of our recent launches. Our five varieties of gluten-free Cheerios have been flowing on to store shelves over the past month and we just began advertising this news a few weeks ago. While it’s still early days we’ve received very positive consumer response.  We’ve also been innovating within specific segments of the cereal category. For example Nature Valley Protein Granola has been benefitting from the increased consumer interest in Granola. We added to our Nature Valley cereal offerings in the first quarter with soft baked granola bites and toasted oats Muesli contributing to strong double-digit retail sales growth for Nature Valley cereals and we’ll expand this franchise in the second half of fiscal 2016 with Baked Oat Bites and two varieties of Oat Clusters. We have renovation news, more new items and increased media support plan for the remainder of the year and we’re on track to grow net sales for our U.S. cereal business in fiscal 2016. We posted good retail sales growth in segments within the U.S. yogurt category too. Retail sales for Yoplait Greek varieties increased 11% in the first quarter on the strength of Greek 100 Whips! This summer we introduced two new flavors of this light and airy Greek Yogurt. And we recently launched eight flavors of Yoplait Plenti Greek Yogurt, which includes wholegrain oats, flax and pumpkin seeds for consumers seeking a heartier yogurt experience. Consumer support on Plenti started this month and early response has been positive. Our reduced sugar messaging on Yoplait Original, along with its all family snack appeal drove 4% retail sales growth for this variety in the quarter, and that’s on top of 12% retail sales growth in last year’s first quarter. We’re expecting another year of solid growth for our yogurt business as we grow distribution, bring more new items to the category and increase our media support for Yoplait. For our U.S. snacks business we saw first quarter retail sales and share growth on our Grain Snacks led by Fiber One. This summer we launched two new Fiber One cheese cake bars with great success. The strawberry variety is now the fastest turning bar in our Fiber One portfolio. First quarter retail sales declined for our Fruit and Salty Snacks driven by decreased merchandising activity compared to a year. We’ll have product news coming across our snacks portfolio in the second half of the year along with continued consumer support for our brands. Our natural and organic snacks are growing nicely, retail sales across Larabar nutrition bars, Food Should Taste Good savory snacks and Cascadian Farm granola bars were up a combined 13% in the first quarter in Nielsen measured outlets. We brought innovation to the Food Should Taste Good brand in the first quarter with several varieties of bean chips and Real Good Bars. In the second half of the year we’ll be increasing consumer investment on Larabar and have new varieties of Cascadian Farm Snack Bars coming. Retail sales for Cascadian Farm Cereals grew 14%, leveraging consumer interest in Wholesome Granola. Cascadian Farm is the share leader in granola. We’ll be bringing new flavors to the brand in the second half of the year and we’re very excited about our line of Annie’s soups that launched this summer. These five soups deliver the great taste kids love and they provide moms with a quick and easy lunch time option from the trusted Annie’s brand. And we have seen very positive response to this launch on social media and customer acceptance has been strong. And there is more to come. In January we’ll introduce Annie’s Organic Yogurt. This three flavor line will be made with real organic fruit and whole milk for a creamy taste and texture that we think kids and the whole family will love. As Shawn told you our sales team has strong plans in place to grow distribution on our natural and organic businesses and we are excited about the innovation we have coming later this year. Several other U.S. retail businesses deserve a quick mention. Retail sales for Old El Paso Mexican products grew 2% in the quarter, thanks to good performance on our new mini Stand 'N Stuff Shells and new bold Ranch Shells. Totino's Hot Snacks posted 4% retail sales growth powered by great advertised and bold flavored new products. Watch for a crispier crust version of these hot snacks coming later this calendar year.  Progresso is innovating on two growing segments of the soup category, with new cooking stock and stew varieties and we're supporting the brand with a new ad campaign. We are expecting to deliver improved results in this year's soup season and we're addressing value on key brands. On Helpers dinner mixes, we've recently added 20% more pasta on our top SKUs to better meet the needs of larger families. While it is still early we are seeing base unit growth on those upsized products. On desserts we're bringing our prices in the line with competition in certain category segments and our market share is stabilizing as a result. Once we get the value right we can turn our efforts to bringing consumer first new and innovation to these businesses to drive sustainable growth. So we believe we're on the right track with our consumer first initiatives across our U.S. retail segment.  Turning to our Convenience Stores and Food Service segment, Don told you that our focus six platforms posted 9% net sales growth in the quarter. First quarter net sales for our cereal business grew mid-single digits in food service outlets led by continued growth in K-12 schools. Yoplait Greek varieties and ParfaitPro drove mid-single digit net sales growth for our Yoghurt business in the first quarter. Net sales for our snacks portfolio were up high-single digits. We're seeing good growth on our snack bars in schools and our grain and salty snacks are performing well in convenience stores. And our frozen meals posted double digit growth in the quarter thanks to the continued success of our frozen breakfast products in K-12 Schools lead by mini bagels that launched earlier this calendar year.  First quarter net sales for our International segment grew 5% on a constant currency basis, led by solid performance in developed markets. Net sales in Canada increased 5% primarily driven by innovation. We posted particularly robust performance on grain snacks as our summer launches of Nature Nut and Seed bars and Fiber One crumble bars exceeded expectations. Good performance on Liberté Yogurt contributed to 2% retail sales growth for yogurt in the quarter and the new cereals we launched in Canada this quarter are off to a good start.  Constant currency net sales in Europe increased 7% in the first quarter. It was an excellent summer for Häagen-Dazs ice cream led by the successful launch of premium stick bars in France. And the continued popularity of Stand 'N Stuff soft Taco shells contributed to solid retail sales growth for Old El Paso so far this year.  Challenging economic conditions are having an impact on our categories and our businesses in emerging markets. First quarter net sales increased 3% on a constant currency basis for the Asia-Pacific region, but it was a mixed bag across our portfolio. In China, constant currency net sales were down 1%, driven by a decline on Wanchai Ferry dumplings. We have more promotions and advertising planned on Wanchai Ferry to spur growth in the second half of the year. Häagen-Dazs ice cream posted low-single digit net sales growth in China led by good performance on our retail products.  And I'm pleased to report that our Yoplait yogurt launch in Shanghai is off to a good start. We've already achieved a 5% value share of the yogurt category in that city. We saw particularly strong performance on our Perle de lait premium varieties. We're learning more about the Chinese yogurt consumer, the taste and packaging preferences and we're taking a consumer first approach to give them what they want.  Our business in the Asia, Middle East and Africa market is small and fast growing. Constant currency net sales increased at a double digit pace in the first quarter driven by Häagen-Dazs ice cream and Betty Crocker snacks. In Latin America, first quarter net sales increased 3% on a constant currency basis, driven by double digit growth in Mexico and Argentina. Constant currency net sales declined in Brazil as consumers continue to struggle with challenging economic conditions and as we lapped a very successful World Cup promotion during the first quarter of last year.  We will continue to monitor emerging markets closely and will build on the good momentum we generated in developed markets. We're confident we have a strong portfolio of international brands and businesses to drive growth for General Mills' over the long-term.  So I'll summarize our remarks this morning this way; our business posted strong growth in the quarter. We’re making good progress against our priorities for our U.S. Retail segment, and our sales initiatives and capabilities are well aligned with these priorities. We're keeping the momentum going on our Convenience Stores and Food Service segment and we had a strong start in International developed markets, while growth in emerging markets has slowed. Our cost savings programs are on target and we're poised for margin expansion this year and we remain on track to achieve our fiscal 2016 performance goals which currently exclude the impact of the Green Giant divestiture.  So with that I'll the open the call for questions. Operator, will you get us going please?
Operator: Certainly, thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC. Please proceed with your question. 
Kendall J. Powell : Hi, David.
David Palmer: Thanks, maybe just a housekeeping. Hey, good morning, Ken. There was a mention about Häagen-Dazs in the retail products led to low-single digit growth in China. Just one little housekeeping question, is the retail, are the retail comps there, are they continuing to be fairly consistent, how are they -- how is the consumer environment in China lately? I think people would be interested to hear that. And then, but more of a core question, the promotional activity that we're seeing in U.S. Retail across all of food is really changing in the latest quad week periods. We're seeing a reduction in promotions. I know you had some merchandising timing yourself, but speaking for yourself and the industry it seems that in-store promotional activity has really dropped off. What are you doing to perhaps shift your spending there and what are you seeing across your peer group? Thanks.
Kendall J. Powell : Okay David, let me answer the Häagen-Dazs question first. So when I referred to retail I was referring to traditional grocery retail sales in China, and that has increased. I actually don't know by how much, we can probably get you that later. As you look more broadly across Häagen-Dazs and you look at the shops that was driven by geographic expansion. Same-store sales in shops was actually down, as it has been for the last few quarters. And so but all-in on Häagen-Dazs we saw growth there. And then as I mentioned our frozen food business was down 2% or 3%. So we're still seeing headwinds there. We have some good innovation coming on the frozen food line later this year and so we think that, that will help. And but it's still challenging in China and Brazil. On the promotion, I'll make a few, the merchandising, I'll make a few comments and then turn it over to Shawn. We would not interpret a declining trend in merchandising right now. Frankly it's a mixed bag. We are seeing some increases in some categories, a little more frequency of promotion.  We're seeing that in yogurt, we're seeing a little bit in cereal. In other categories, for instance in snacks particularly in our fruit snacks and salty snacks we're seeing declines in promotion. Now that's primarily retailer led, some of our retailers are choosing to simply promote those products less often. So I would say our perspective is, it's mixed, and we're not sort of concluding that there is going to be a lower, a less intense promotional environment if anything we're seeing a bit more. I don't know Shawn if you would add anything to that. 
Shawn P. O'Grady : Yeah, I think that's right, Ken. And I think if I were to add a word to I'd say it's mixed but stable for right now, over the past quarter. In the categories that we compete in we saw an increase in quality merch support across the categories of 1%, which is nominal. So as Ken mentioned, it is when you look at the broad swath it's 1% category by category. Depending on the position of the players that we compete with, there is some increased activity, or as you indicated David there are some competitors who are backing off their merchandising. But overall I would say stable.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your questions.
Kendall J. Powell : Hey, Rob.
Robert Moskow: Hi, good morning. So I wanted to ask about the difference between the shipments and the Nielsen data. I think you said that you are shipping ahead of consumption this quarter, in advance of some heavy promotion that's going to happen in second or activity in second quarter. But the direction of our Nielsen data, we're kind of a slave to the numbers here, it seemed to go lower than I would have thought and can you give us a sense for just like, what the shape of the curve is going to look like on a retail basis, like I'm looking at negative 3% declines from a Nielsen perspective. Do we -- should we expect a pretty sharp uptick over the next few months as you get your cereal merchandising in place and maybe the new products start selling? Thanks.
Kendall J. Powell : And that really is, you kind of have answered your question. That's what we expect to see. I mean we did build inventory, as we noted in our remarks, in advance of Q2. And I'll just make a couple maybe of additional points on that. Back-to-school which is a big promotional window for us, it was early last year and actually falls in Q2 this year. So that's a focal point for merchandising for us. We have a very solid line of merchandising on seasonal brands and here we talk about soup and baking and meals, and frankly we didn't execute all that well a year ago in Q1, and so we feel that we have a much better plan. This year we'll be more competitive and so we expect to see that in Q2.  We've already talked about cereal and the promotional, not only the gluten-free event. But we also -- we have other promotional partnerships in Q2, movie tie-ins, this sort of thing. They're going to be quite strong and so we expect that to strengthen in Q2 and Q3 and this is all versus Q1 last year when we had protein, which was our big first half launch and had lots of activity that was Q1.  So that's a bit of texture, I mean which kind of builds on the point you made. We just -- Q1 was stronger for us last year, there is less activity. We've got things lined up for Q2 and Q3, and that's how we expect the year to play out. Shawn, would you add anything?
Shawn P. O'Grady : Just to reiterate the kind of the -- our focus in cereal will be on the gluten-free news, which is probably the best piece of renovation news that we've had in a long time and that really is just hitting shelves now. So we feel good about the merchandising we've lined up with customers because they've been very excited about that news. And as Ken said, our seasonal merchandising, as we went into the holidays last year, I think was more tepid just in execution than we expected to be this year.
Robert Moskow: And the back-to-school again, did you say it's going to fall more in second quarter than first quarter this year or is back-to-school comp the same?
Shawn P. O'Grady : Yeah, just the timing of the- back-to-schools a week later and so this year versus last year. So you'll see more activity in September than you did a year ago.
Robert Moskow: All right. Great, thank you.
Kendall J. Powell : Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Kendall J. Powell : Hey, Eric.
Eric Katzman : Hi, good morning everybody. 
Kendall J. Powell : Good morning.
Eric Katzman : Can't let Don off the hook here. So I wanted to, one, I guess, did you change the forecast on the currency headwind for the fiscal 2016 guidance?
Donal L. Mulligan: Yes, it's about $0.05, I think it is. I think we had $0.04 in July, it's $0.09 now. So about $0.05 swing. And obviously the U.S. dollar strengthens, the Canadian dollars, it’s the A dollars, the euro, the Brazilian real. So yeah we see more of a headwind in our reported results from currency.
Eric Katzman : Okay, and then I guess on the -- thank you for that. And then on the Green Giant divestiture, so I guess a quantitative question than more of a qualitative, the $0.05 to $0.07 dilution, what -- is that, I guess is that on an annual basis and does that, like are you assuming use of proceeds to buy back stock to offset some of the dilution or kind of what factor you are assuming around that?
Donal L. Mulligan: Good question. That is a fiscal ‘16 estimate. So it will be a partial year, depending on when the deal closes, that's -- hence the reason we gave you a range. As we’ve talked about, Eric you and I talked about, I talked with other investors, as we talk about our portfolio the reason we’re often asked why don’t we do -- why aren't we more active from a divestiture standpoint and one of the things we always come to is we have very profitable cash generative brands. And so Green Giant has a little under $600 million in sales last fiscal. Its margins were in the upper teens and that’s going to be lost income this year. We’re obviously going to use the proceeds to, as we said half of it is going to be used to reduce debt, half is going to be used to buy back shares. So that will have a somewhat mitigating impact on the results, but at the end of the day it’s a profitable business and hence the reason we got a pretty fair price from B&G.
Eric Katzman : Thanks for that. Is there a lot of -- is there some stranded overhead associated with it that's…?
Donal L. Mulligan: Yes, a small, certainly a significant amount of direct overhead, that will go and there is some stranded overhead that will go as well during the course of this year, that's in those numbers as well.
Eric Katzman : Okay, last question. I guess Ken, on the value changes that you have made with Betty Crocker and Hamburger Helper, like how long do you think you need to wait to see whether those actions are kind of generating the response you hope?
Kendall J. Powell : We’re already seeing it, Eric and I’ll let Shawn jump in here.
Shawn P. O'Grady: So I will take them separately. So in the baking area, where we’ve really shifted our attention to, getting the price point at the shelf right, that’s already been executed, and we’re already seeing the stabilization of that business. On the joint ventures front where it’s the value that's being delivered by increased products in the box, that takes longer to actually execute and get the flow through on the shelf. And so that will probably take us, I would say another 60 days to get it fully on shelf and get a good clean read.
Eric Katzman : Okay thanks. I will pass it on.
Shawn P. O'Grady: Okay, thanks Eric.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Kenneth Goldman: Hi, good morning everyone.
Kendall J. Powell : Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Goldman: Don, just hoping to weigh maybe some of the one quarter gross margin tailwinds you mentioned, just to sort of get a better sense of things. So if I can first, am I missing anything big in terms of the drivers? You talked about, I think lapping high promo expenses, benefits in cost savings, the least amount of inflation in the year, anything large that I am missing there? And then number two if we are sort of thinking about putting those drivers into buckets, maybe which would be the most important in terms of how well the gross margin came in and which maybe had a less important impact in the period?
Donal L. Mulligan: Yeah, those are the key drivers. Actually the other one is we’re seeing growth in U.S. Retail, that obviously has a beneficial mix impact to it, slight favorable mix impact. But you hit the big three and let me just address that, and I think what's probably a question about our balance of the year as well, because you do hit on what is going to change as the year unfolds. So we had a benefit, as you recall a year ago we had higher merchandising expense in the first quarter. We spend much of last year working that down and we started seeing the benefit of that in the back half of the year. We started seeing gross margin expansion starting in Q4.  We also have the benefit of our cost savings, that is still primarily hitting our administrative expenses, but we are starting to see some benefit in our gross margin as well. And then inflation, inflation in the first quarter was less than 1%. We still expect to be 2% for the full year. So obviously we'll above 2% for the next three quarters, and that had a beneficial impact, disproportional beneficial impact in Q1. And those three items rolled relatively equal in terms of their impact in the quarter and as the year unfolds.  And so we certainly had planned for a very strong Q1, as Ken mentioned in his remarks, in the earnings release, and we're pleased to see it come through. 
Kenneth Goldman: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question. 
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone. 
Kendall J. Powell : Hi Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask two quick ones based on your comments? You talked about e-commerce, can you comment on what proportion of U.S. retail sales are currently going through those kinds of channels today and maybe what proportion of sales you might expect that to go to overtime. And then you talked about the long tail of much smaller SKUs, I'm guessing with much lower velocities. Is there are an opportunity to lock some of those off, and maybe cash off a group of products that are very unprofitable? And what would prevent you from doing that, if it's the right thing to do in terms of the financial impact? Thank you. 
Shawn P. O'Grady : Yeah, thanks for the questions Alexia. Both of them really good, on the e-commerce front, in the U.S. food sales that are going through online are between 1% and 2%. Now that's changing pretty quickly, meaning moving from 1% to 2%. If you said what does it look like out four or five years ahead, all the projections I've seen are in the 5% to 6% range. So it's going to be a high growth area. Obviously Amazon is leading some of the thought there, Wal-Mart.com is investing a great deal to make sure that they and utilizing their stores to make sure they are competitive. And that really is causing all the players in the marketplace to one of the actives in the e-commerce space.  So an important place for us to play, we believe, as I mentioned with our portfolio, whether it's small hard to find items or our top turning items, we believe that we're well positioned to capture that growth. As far as the long tail and our look at, our overall distribution of SKUs, they've been several efforts over the years by I would say all the manufacturers to go through SKU rationalization. And in general SKU rationalization, if you just cut off the tail, because a lot of those items are either highly profitable or are covering a lot of overhead, that doesn't really work. So the job first is to get better distribution on the high turning SKUs and replace, get those slower turning off the shelves so that when you do discontinue them, the impact of those is very small at that point.  So our first job is to really move our distribution up to our fastest turning items and then consider what things we can discontinue. 
Kendall J. Powell : And the only thing I would the only comment I would add to that Alexia is that it's very easy to see e-commerce sales grow very rapidly. We have only to look at other markets where we do business like the UK and France where, for some of our categories our online sales are approaching 10%. So it's pretty clear that we're going to move in that direction very rapidly in the U.S. and this is an area that we're investing in at General Mills to develop our capability and make sure that we can be leaders and great partners for all of our customers who have a lot of interest in this. 
Shawn P. O'Grady : Just to put one final point on what Ken just said, that the piece that will really shift the U.S. landscape on e-commerce is one that moves from being single item search to being full basket, online search, which it has in the places Ken mentioned in Europe and other parts of the world. And you can see that coming and so that's why we expect the growth projections to materialize. 
Alexia Howard: Great, thank you very much. I'll pass it on. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with the Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. 
Bryan Spillane: Hi, good morning everyone. 
Kendall J. Powell : Hey, Bryan. 
Bryan Spillane : Just a couple of follow-ups. I guess, first just in terms of Green Giant it's a -- the $0.05 to $0.07 dilution's a partial year. So should we also be factoring something in for next year as well in terms of dilution or do you expect it to be more mitigated by then. 
Donal L. Mulligan: It will be that same level but it will be something incremental to that. In the next year we'd have a full impact of the share reduction and the debt reduction. So it will be south of the $0.05 to $0.07, but it will be incremental since this year is only partial year.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, great. And then Don, also just on gross margins, I guess I think what you have said at the start of the year was just that it would be higher than last year. I don’t think you really gave a sort of a magnitude, but I think as we look at this quarter, even if we kind of strip out the benefit from just lower promotional expenses, it looks like gross margins would have been up even little bit more year-over-year in this quarter than it was in fiscal fourth quarter. So just trying to gauge like order of magnitude on, is that sort of 70 to 100 basis point range kind of rate when all the noise settles out or is there something that’s going to eat in the gross margin expansion more as we move through the balance of the year?
Donal L. Mulligan: This year we were up 290 basis points. Last year in the comparable quarter we were down, I believe was 200 basis points. So to think about a full year increase in the 50 to 100 basis points is a pretty fair range to be in.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
David Driscoll: Great, thank you, good morning.
Kendall J. Powell : Hi, David.
David Driscoll: Don, first question for you is just with the quarter up 30% year-on-year, did this quarter exceed your internal expectations?
Donal L. Mulligan: We were pleased with the sales growth. I think the cost pieces that came in were pretty much right in line with our expectations, because again they were pretty foreseeable in terms of the merchandising timing, the cost savings, the inflation. What I would say is we are very pleased with U.S. retail sales. The volume came in probably a point ahead of our expectations and from a company standpoint; stripping out Annie’s and ForEx we had organic volume growth of 1% and price mix of 1%. So a total sales of, organic sales growth of 2% and we haven’t seen a quarter like that in a couple of years.  So we felt good about the start, and what I would say is we’ll continue to monitor that and we’ll handle the proceeds of that similar to what we’ve done with our plan and our cost savings which is if we see some plus there is going to be we invest back and some that we flow and we will keep you apprised of what we see.
David Driscoll: Okay, but it sounds like it might be fair to say that you did better in the first quarter. You keep your guidance the same, because at least your constant currency guidance is same, but the FX guidance all-in is worse by a nickel, you have got this dilution that’s kind of not incorporated into the guidance of 5% to 7% from Green Giant, but all things equal here the first quarter is off to a very good start and there are positives. But maybe just too early to want to do anything to the guidance, is that a fair recap?
Donal L. Mulligan: I think that is a fair recap. We feel good about the quarter, it did come a little ahead of our expectation, on the top line and obviously flowed through to the -- a little bit better on the bottom line but it’s only one quarter, and as Ken and Shawn talked about most of our initiatives are still in front of us which we feel good about but we want to see play out before we revise our expectations for the full year.
David Driscoll: Ken, on International it sounds like on a constant currency basis whenever I hear that, it never really sounds that bad, and then when I look over at the International profit line it’s down like 20%. So I guess what I struggle with is just understanding why we are not seeing more pricing, given the sizable FX headwinds there and just the magnitude of profit decline seems quite large, what can be done about this?
Kendall J. Powell : That’s an excellent question and Don will be very happy to…
Donal L. Mulligan: Well, first of all, I will tackle the question on the earnings. I mean, again we were 20% down, strip out ForEx it was 30 -- it was 3% and that has a number of factors, anything from transaction FX to launch cost for Yoplait in China. So some timing items as well. We still fully expect not only mid-single digit sales growth on a constant currency basis in international but margin expansion on top of that. So we still feel good about how the year will play out.  In terms of your question on pricing, pricing comes into play locally, when there is local inflation that’s offsetting it. If there is not necessarily economic factors that are driving it, it’s a little bit tougher to get pricing in the marketplace but we take pricing where we believe that we have the opportunity to do it and you have seen that come through probably most fully in our Latin American markets overtime where you do see local inflation.
David Driscoll: And maybe just one follow-on on the international side did China worsen here, has the run rate continued to get worse, given the last couple of quarters here and the comments on Wanchai Ferry?
Donal L. Mulligan: We can follow up with you. My recollection is that it's been -- it was pretty stable. It was better in Q4 and it was, I mean we were kind of -- we were down 1% here in Q1. But I mean it's basically been stable. And so I would say it didn't worsen. Of course we'd like -- we need to see it improve.
David Driscoll: Okay. I'll pass along. Thank you so much.
Kendall J. Powell : Maybe one more question.
Operator: And the last question comes from line of Jonathan Flee with Atos Research [ph]. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Thanks very much. Just a detail question and a little bigger picture one. First would be, I think in the prior quarters you've given us the contribution between pricing and volume on Annie's to the U.S. retail business. If you have that detail and you could give it, I would appreciate, just trying to work through that on U.S. Retail. And the second question would be bigger picture, ex the new launches would you say that retail, so just as you think about your promotional strategy, going into this holiday selling season, independent of any new products. Are retail or inventory levels above the average because of your potential promotional plan at this point or is it really -- is that maybe a little bit of that build that was mentioned earlier in the call, I think by Rob, is all of that new product driven. Thanks very much.
Donal L. Mulligan: Well, I'll take the Annie's question, Jonathan. Annie's was a three point benefit to our net sales U.S. overall net sales. Two points of that was volume and one point was price mix.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you, okay.
Donal L. Mulligan: As you saw on the slide the company was one point each.
Kendall J. Powell : I don't -- do we know the answer to the second…?
Shawn P. O'Grady : On inventories, we believe that our inventory levels are actually inline as we go in to Q2 this year. That was not as much the case last year when we were in this position. So I would expect, as Don indicated earlier that kind of our movements and our earnings [ph] should kind of track well from here on now.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Okay, thanks very much.
Jeff Siemon: We know our friends that cannot go [ph] on the phone. So I think we should wrap up here.
A - Kendall J. Powell : Okay. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-07-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Siemon - Finance Director of Investor Relations Ken Powell - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Don Mulligan - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Analysts: Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolas Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley David Driscoll - Citi Research Diane Geissler - CLSA Ken Goldman - JPMorgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the fiscal 2015 fourth quarter earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, July 1, 2015. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Finance Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeff Siemon: Thanks, Tina and good morning, everyone. I am here with Ken Powell, our Chairman and CEO, Don Mulligan, our CFO. Kris Wenker is here too but she has put herself in listen-only mode. I will turn the microphone over to Ken and Don in just a minute, but first let me cover our usual housekeeping items. Our press release was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It's also posted on our website if you need a copy. And you can find our slides on our website that supplement our remarks this morning. These remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. With that, let me turn the call over to Don.
Don Mulligan: Thanks, Jeff. Welcome to your first earnings call. And hello everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Before I get into the numbers, let me just take a moment to recognize Kris Wenker's tremendous 35 years with General Mills and her terrific, differential leadership of our Investor Relations efforts. She will be missed, both inside this building and I know by many of you on the phone after today. We wish her all the best. As noted in our press release today, due to the business in hand, General Mills' operating performance in fiscal 2015 was mixed. Our convenience stores and foodservice segment had an excellent year with segment operating profit increasing 15% to reach a record high of $353 million. And our international segment posted good margin expansion and profit growth in constant currency. But sales and profit declined for U.S. retail, our largest operating segment. Our business performance strengthened in the second half of the year as our Consumer First efforts gained traction and we took important strategic actions during 2015, including the acquisition of Annie's and the initiation of several projects designed to increase our speed and agility while reducing costs. These actions have positioned us to deliver stronger growth in 2016 and beyond. Our fourth quarter results are summarized on slide five. Remember that this quarter included extra week which contributed approximately six points of net sales growth and $0.04 of earnings per share. Net sales of $4.3 billion essentially matched the year ago results. On a constant currency basis, net sales increased 6%. Segment operating profit totaled $800 million, an increase of 9% as reported and 13% in constant currency. Net earnings and diluted earnings per share were both down on a reported basis, primarily due to an impairment charge taken out of our Green Giant brand asset and a tax charge related to a one-time repatriation of foreign earnings. Adjusted diluted EPS, which excludes these and certain other items affecting comparability, increased 12% to $0.75 per share. Constant currency adjusted diluted EPS increased 18% in the quarter. Our full year results are summarized on slide six. The 53rd week contributed approximately one point of net sales growth in fiscal 2015. Net sales declined 2% to $17.6 billion. On a constant currency basis, net sales increased 1%. Segment operating profit fell 4% to $3.0 billion. Constant currency segment operating profit was 2% below last year. Net earnings attributable to General Mills totaled more than $1.2 billion and diluted earnings per share were $1.97. These results were below year ago levels including the charges related to restructuring projects, the brand asset impairment and the repatriation of foreign earnings. Adjusted diluted EPS of $2.86 was up 1% as reported and up 4% in constant currency. Slide seven provides the components of our net sales growth. For the fourth quarter pound volume increased 3% from prior-year including Annie's in the 53rd week. Sales mix and net price realization also added three points of sales growth. And foreign exchange reduced sales growth by six points. For the full-year, pound volume declined 1%. Net price realization and mix added two points of sales growth and foreign exchange reduced sales growth by three points. Our U.S. retail segment had a disappointing year, but as you can see on slide eight, trends did improve in the second half, most notably, for yogurt and cereal. Our U.S. retail brands gained share in categories representing 65% of measured sales volume, including gains in the cereal, yogurt and grain snacks categories. But overall sales trends in many categories were weak reflecting the impact of changing consumer food preferences. For convenient stores and foodservice, fourth-quarter net sales increased 4%. Our six focus platforms, which include cereal, yogurt, snacks, frozen breakfast, mixes and biscuits continue to lead growth for this segment with sales up 8% in the quarter. For the full-year, segment net sales increased 4% to $2 billion, including 9% growth on our focused platforms. Fourth-quarter net sales for our international business segment increased 9% on a constant currency basis, with gains across all four regions. For the full-year, international net sales totaled $5.1 billion, 5% below last year's reported, but 6% above last year in constant currency. Slide 11 shows you constant currency net sales results by region. Full-year net sales in Latin America increased 17%, reflecting inflation driven pricing across many markets. In the Asia-Pacific region, constant currency net sales grew 5%, driven by growth of Häagen-Dazs in China and Betty Crocker products in the Middle East. Sales in the European region also increased 5% due in part to Strong innovation on Old El Paso Mexican products. In Canada, sales in 2015 essentially matched year ago levels in constant currency. On slide 12, you can see that adjusted gross margin increased by 70 basis points in the fourth quarter. This was driven by positive net price realization. For 2015 in total, adjusted gross margin was down 70 basis points to 34.7%, reflecting the impact of volume deleverage. Our input cost inflation for the year totaled 2%. Slide 13 details our segment operating profit results for fiscal 2015. Total segment operating profit declined 2% in constant currency driven by the fall in U.S. retail. On a constant currency basis, international's profit increased 9%. And as I mentioned earlier, profits in convenience stores and foodservice were up double-digits. Slide 14 summarizes 2015 joint venture performance. On a constant currency basis, net sales for cereal partners worldwide declined 2% and Häagen-Dazs Japan sales grew 6%. After tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $84 million, a decline of 6% as reported, but in line with year ago results in constant currency. Slide $15 highlights some additional items from our 2015 income statement. At the end of the fourth quarter, we made a strategic decision to redirect certain resources supporting our Green Giant business in U.S. retail to other businesses in the segment. As a result, our future sales and profitability projections for this business declined, causing us to record a $260 million impairment charge related to our Green Giant brand intangible asset. We recorded restructuring and project related charges of $357 million in fiscal 2015, including $73 million in cost of sales. Corporate unallocated expenses, excluding items affecting comparability, declined 7%. Annual interest expense increased $13 million driven by higher average debt levels. In the fourth quarter, we incurred a tax charge of $79 million related to the one-time repatriation of foreign earnings. We expect to pay $24 million in cash taxes. Lastly, the adjusted effective tax rate was 30.5% compared to 32.2% a year ago, reflecting changes in earnings mix by country and favorable discrete items. Turning to the balance sheet. Slide 16 shows that core working capital declined 13% in fiscal 2015, due primarily through improvements in accounts receivable and accounts payable. This is the ninth consecutive quarter that we have reduced our core working capital versus the prior year. Cash flow from operations totaled more than $2.5 billion in fiscal 2015, essentially unchanged from the previous year. Fixed asset investments totaled $712 million, including investments related to Project Century. We paid over $1 billion in dividends and repurchased 22 million shares for $1.2 billion. Since fiscal 2011, General Mills has returned $10 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Over that time, our dividends per share have grown at an 11% compound rate and we reduced average diluted shares outstanding by 2% per year. And we have accomplished this during the same period that we acquired three significant businesses in Yoplait International, Yoki and Annie's. Slide 19 provides an update on the status of our cost savings initiatives. We delivered $75 million in savings in 2015 from Project Century, Project Catalyst and our policies and practices update. This reflects accelerated pace of savings compared to our original projections. In addition, last week we announced Project Compass, an initiative designed to streamline our international organization structure and save $25 million to $30 million in fiscal 2016 and $45 million to $50 million by 2017. We anticipate incurring between $57 million and $62 million in restructuring charges associated with this project. In total, we now anticipate the combination of all our recent cost initiatives including Project Compass will deliver between $285 million and $310 million in savings in 2016 and more than $400 billion by 2017. We plan to reinvest a portion of these savings into growth driving initiatives including cereal renovation, capacity expansion for grain snacks and our launch of Yoplait in China. Looking ahead to fiscal 2016, we expect to increase our operating cash flow above 2015 levels. The first call on cash is investment into the business to support growth and drive cost savings. On slide 20, you can see that we anticipate fixed asset investments will increase to approximately $840 million in 2016 driven by increased investment in Project Century. Slide 21 provides a summary of our 2016 sales and earnings guidance. The 2016 growth rates reflect the impact of one less week. We are targeting net sales to be approximately flat in constant currency. Excluding the difference in weeks, we expect 2016 net sales to be up 1% in constant currency. We expect to deliver $400 million in cost of goods HMM. This should more than offset input cost inflation, which we estimate at 2% this year. Given HMM plus Century savings, adjusted gross margin is expected to improve from 2015 levels. We expect our media investment to decline slightly. We project our total segment operating profit will grow at a low single-digit rate in constant currency. Our plan assumes a mid-single-digit decline in interest expense, reflecting a stable level of debt and lower average rate resulting from refinancing maturing higher coupon bonds. We are expecting our adjusted tax rate will be comparable to last year's 30.5%. We expect joint venture earnings to grow at a low single-digit rate in constant currency. And we plan to continue returning cash to shareholders through share buybacks. For fiscal 2016, we are targeting a net reduction in average shares outstanding of approximately 1%. We expect mid-single-digit constant currency growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share. At current exchange rates, we would estimate a $0.04 headwind to full year adjusted diluted EPS growth in 2016. In terms of the quarterly cadence of EPS in 2016, we expect the first quarter to show the strongest growth as it compares to a weak prior-year period. The fourth-quarter will have the comparison with one less week, though we do expect base business growth in the final quarter. We have a broad slate of Consumer First renovation and innovation planned in each of our business segments for fiscal 2016. For more on that, I will now turn the call over to Ken.
Ken Powell: All right. Well, good morning, everybody. Thanks, Don. So as we enter fiscal 2016, General Mills is keenly aware of our consumers' changing food preferences and the impact those changes are having on our industry. We remain deeply committed to following the consumer adapting to their evolving preferences and driving growth. And where we embraced Consumer First in fiscal 2015, we saw our business respond whether that's with protein cereals in U.S. retail, Yoplait Yogurt in U.S. retail and foodservice channels or Old El Paso dinner kits around the world. Our plan for 2016 is to expand our Consumer First efforts worldwide to generate sustainable topline growth. So let me give you some highlights starting with U.S. retail. We have four clear priorities for U.S. retail in 2016. They are, first and foremost to grow our cereal business, second to accelerate our performance in better-for-you snacking, which includes both our yogurt and snacks operating units within U.S. retail, third to drive double-digit growth on our natural and organic portfolio by leveraging the combination of Annie's and our heritage natural and organic brands and finally to deliver Consumer First value on select brands in a way that generates positive returns for our business. Let me give you a few details on these priorities, beginning with cereal. General Mills has been leading performance in the $10 billion U.S. cereal category. We gained 30 basis points of value share in fiscal 2015 and have grown our share in seven of the past eight years, gaining 1.6 share points during that time. But our share growth in 2015 did not translate into sales growth for us. So we have more work to do. Consumer First renovation is at the heart of our plans to renew cereal growth. At CAGNY, we told you we are embarking on a broad investment plan designed to renovate our Big G portfolio for today's consumers and that gluten-free Cheerios was the first step in that plan. Later this summer, we will begin marketing five of our largest Cheerios varieties which make up nearly 90% of franchise sales as gluten-free. We have developed a technology that separates our oats which are naturally gluten-free from other gluten containing grains that find their way into the oat supply. We know that 30% of U.S. consumers are interested in gluten-free foods and that a number of them have less the cereal aisle as a result. This news gives them five great reasons to come back. We will be taking another of our oat based cereals, Lucky Charms, gluten-free later this year. Between Cheerios, Lucky Charms and our Chex franchise, we are gluten-free news on product representing over half of our cereal sales and 17% of total category sales. Last week, we unveiled the second step in our cereal renovation plan. We are removing artificial flavors and colors from artificial sources from all General Mills cereals. Nearly half of U.S. households are making an effort to avoid artificial flavors and colors and we are responding. 75% of our Big G portfolio will meet this claim by January with the remainder targeted by the end of calendar 2017. In addition to Consumer First renovation news, we are launching a strong slate of innovation in 2016 geared toward growing segments of the cereal category. Nature Valley Protein Granola has been a big success since it launched last two years ago. This year, we are introducing two varieties of Nature Valley Protein Soft Baked Granola Bites, a portable granola for consumers on the go. Muesli is another cereal form that is benefiting from consumer interest in simple less processed foods. To capitalize on that trend, we have recently launched new Nature Valley Toasted Oat Muesli in Original and Blueberry flavors. Our line of Cascadian Farm organic cereals and granolas continues to enjoy strong growth and we are introducing a new Honey Oat Crunch variety this summer. And finally, we are expanding our Nature Valley Protein Hot Oatmeal line with Maple Pecan Crunch and Toasted Coconut Almond Crunch varieties. So these are all first half launches and we have more new items planned for the back half. In fact, our lineup of news is as strong as I have seen from Big G in a very long time, with core renovation that impacts the entire portfolio, compelling new product innovation, strong promotional events and increased consumer directed marketing, all rooted in a deeper understanding of what our consumers are looking for today. Add it all up and we expect to deliver share growth and sales growth for our U.S. cereal business in 2016. Let's turn to yogurt where we generated strong growth in 2015. Retail sales for Yoplait increased 7% and we gained nearly a full point of market share and this growth was broad-based. Retail sales growth for our Yoplait Greek yogurts increased 39%, led by Yoplait Greek 100 and New Greek 100 whips. Our original style Yoplait business saw retail sales increase 15%, thanks to new advertising focused on better-for-you snacking for the whole family. And retail sales for our kid yogurts returned to growth driven by our removal of artificial colors and flavors and by fun movie equities, like Frozen and Star Wars. In fiscal 2016, we will build on this positive momentum. Core brand renovation is at the heart of our 2016 growth plan for original style Yoplait. We recently rolled out a 25% sugar reduction across the entire line and early response has been positive. In Greek, we have a new line called Yoplait Plentí. These eight varieties include whole grain oats, slacks and pumpkin seeds. We are also launching two new flavors of Yoplait Greek 100 whips, Coconut Macaroon and Chocolate Cherry. And we will grow our kid yogurts by partnering with movie equities, like Disney's Frozen and by leveraging our GoGurt Get the Last Drop advertising campaign. With broad-based momentum and strong plans in place across the business, we expect 2016 will be another year of sales and share growth for our U.S. yogurt business. Over the past decade, General Mills has leveraged consumer interest in convenient great tasting better-for-you snacks to build a grain snacks business that totals $1.4 billion in Nielsen measured outlets. Our market share has increased by 15 points over the last seven years, including almost two points of growth in 2015. Core brand renovation is a central part of our 2016 grain snacks plan too. In the second quarter, we are rolling out an improved Nature Valley crunchy bar that's easier to bite and we will be marketing 20% of the Nature Valley portfolio as gluten-free. And we have got some terrific new items too. In fiscal 2016, we are launching two new Fiber One Cheesecake Bars in Salted Caramel and Strawberry flavors and we are introducing a pair of new Nature Valley Simple Nut Bars featuring whole simple ingredients for consumers interested in less processed snacks. Our natural and organic portfolio of brands ended 2015 on a strong note with net sales nearly doubling to $200 million dollars in the fourth quarter. Even excluding the Annie's business, net sales for our heritage natural and organic brands were up approximately 25%, led by our Cascadian Farm, Lärabar and Food Should Taste Good brands. Pro forma sales for our U.S. natural and organic brands are now approaching $700 million and we remain on track to grow this business to $1 billion by 2020. We have a strong growth plan for natural and organic in 2016, which we expect will deliver double-digit sales growth. We will use General Mills sales strength in traditional channels and Annie's strength in the natural channel to grow distribution across our natural and organic portfolio. On the innovation front, we are launching a line of Annie's soups later this summer. These are five organic soups, packaged in Tetra Pak cartons featuring flavors that kids will love and a brand that moms trust. This new platform will be in stores only nine months after we closed on the acquisition. We also have exciting news across many other parts of our natural and organic portfolio. We are launching two new Food Should Taste Good Real Good Bars and we are doubling consumer investments on Lärabar. Our final priority for U.S. retail is to deliver Consumer First value on select brands in our portfolio. On Helpers, we are launching our 20% more initiative to better meet the needs of larger families. On Totino's Pizza Rolls, we are adding value with the crispier crust product improvement and on Betty Crocker Desserts, we are making a clear distinction for consumers between our everyday value products and our more premium value-added mixes. So that's a glimpse of the Consumer First marketing plans we have in U.S. retail in 2016. You will hear much more on this business from Jeff Harmening at our Investor Day on July 14. As Don mentioned, our convenience stores and foodservice segment had an outstanding year in 2015. Net sales grew 4% overall and consumer and customer first innovation helped generate 9% growth for our six focus platforms. And that favorable mix drove segment operating profit to a record $353 million, 15% above the prior-year. Let me give you a few examples of our product news and innovation for 2016. On cereal, we will leverage the gluten-free and color and flavor renovation work from U.S. retail and bring that news to K-12 schools and college and university foodservice outlets. On yogurt, we will launch Yoplait Smoothie Pro, a ready to serve smoothie solution for foodservice operators and we will continue our partnership with McDonald's offering Yoplait GoGurt in Happy Meals at more than 14,000 locations across the U.S. We will grow our successful line of frozen breakfast products targeted to school operators. Our new cream cheese-filled Pillsbury mini bagels are heated right in the bag and meet the nutritional requirements for K-12 school meals. And we will expand our Pillsbury Mini's portfolio in convenience stores with two new flavors of ready-to-eat Danish. Bethany Quam, President of our Convenient Stores and Foodservice segment will share more details with you on the 14th. Our international segment generated 6% constant currency net sales growth in 2015. We had a strong year in Europe, where constant currency sales rose 5% and today, nearly 40% of the segments' $5.1 billion in net sales are generated in emerging markets, which represents an important long-term growth opportunities for our brands. Let me share some highlights of the Consumer First product news and innovation we have planned for 2016, starting in our developed markets. Constant currency net sales for Old El Paso increased mid-single-digit in Canada and double-digit in Europe in 2015. We will build on that success in 2016 by launching our premium line of Ristorante dinner kits into Europe and by introducing Old El Paso flavor blasted tortilla shells in Canada. In addition, we will expand our convenient meal offerings by introducing a line of Parampara Indian spice mixes in Europe. We are encouraged by early results of our Häagen-Dazs stick bar launch in France and we will be extending that innovative platform to other markets later in 2016. In the U.K. and Canada, we are launching a line of Liberte Greek products with grains and seeds utilizing the same technology as Yoplait Plentí in the U.S. In emerging markets, we continue to focus on the growing middle class consumer. Our plans in 2016 include a new line of Yoki branded ready-to-eat popcorn in Brazil, leveraging Yoki's leading position in the microwave popcorn category. In China, we will extend the line of Wanchai Ferry dumplings with more vegetables and lean meats, appealing to a younger consumer demographic. We will introduce seasonal flavors of Häagen-Dazs ice cream like apricot lavender and cream and expand Häagen-Dazs shops and retail outlets into new cities. And we will broaden distribution in Shanghai on our new Yoplait business which we launched just last month. Our CPW joint venture has been capitalizing on growth opportunities for the past 25 years. This is now a $2 billion net sales business and a strong number two player in the cereal category outside of North America. CPW is focused on Consumer First growth plans too. In fiscal 2016, we are bringing gluten-free news to Nesquik, the second largest global brand in CPW's portfolio. In the U.K., we are seeing growing consumer interest in simplicity and we are launching two varieties of shredded wheat with fruit to capitalize on that trend. And emerging markets continue to be a great growth opportunity for CPW. In the Philippines, we are introducing a cocoa crunch all-in-one product that comes in a single-serve package with milk powder so a consumer just adds water to enjoy a bowl of cereal with milk. So that gives you a sense for the growth plans we have across our international business in 2016. Chris O'Leary will share more details with you in two weeks. So let me quickly summarize our plans for 2015. Our primary strategy is to expand our Consumer First focus to generate sustainable topline growth. We will do that by investing in significant core brand renovation across our portfolio and by introducing a strong slate of meaningful innovation, all geared toward meeting consumers evolving food preferences. We will maintain our focus on HMM and will deliver increasing levels of savings from our cost reduction initiatives and above all, we remain focused on our commitment to deliver earnings growth and strong cash returns to our shareholders. We look forward to talking more with you about these plans during our Investor event on July 14. So with that, I will open the call for questions. Operator, please get us started.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel Nicolas. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Ken Powell: Hi, Chris.
Don Mulligan: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. Just two questions, if I could. The first would just be, you have a lot of cost savings coming through this year, in particular on the HMM cost savings as well as obviously the restructuring related savings. Just wanted to get a better sense of, if you could give an idea like how much of these are being reinvested, how much do you expect to come to the bottom line and maybe a breakdown of those savings roughly between cost of goods sold and SG&A? If I could just add one other question, it would be a different question, in relation to, you mentioned an investment in Yoplait in China and I guess just to get a better sense of when that's going to start hitting, when we should see that in the market and any expectations for that business? Thank you.
Don Mulligan: Sure. Chris, this is Don. I will take the cost saving reinvestment. Obviously we see this year, talking about 2016, we do see a step up in the cost savings contribution the incremental value of those this year. We are selectively reinvesting. We are, as we think about how we have built the plan this year, it was really about balancing, reinvesting to derive sustainable topline growth with increased efficiency in margins and then returning cash to shareholders. And as we balance all that, we did some opportunities for some specific investments. As you do your modeling, it is probably going to be 50% plus in the phase this year will go back into the business. And that's going to be across both COGS, in media, in consumer support more broadly and then as some SG&A capabilities. So for example, as you think about gluten-free Cheerios, removing artificial colors and flavors across our cereal brands, the sugar reduction in yogurt, getting our value right on Betty Crocker and Helpers launching Yoplait in China that you refer to. Plus there are some things we didn't talk about today that we are improving our capabilities to reach Hispanic consumers in the U.S. and putting some chaos in our categories against some faster growing channels like e-commerce. And so we have been very targeted where we see the greatest growth opportunities and the commonality of all those is where we see Consumer First opportunities to grow our business for the long-term and that's where we are putting the reinvestment. We do expect to see a return to comparable top line growth this year. As I said, if you remove the one week, it's going to be up 1%, but I also want you to think about this being a two-step process. We are going to see part of the benefit of those reinvestments this year. We expect to see another step as we get into 2017. Because we are building the base for growth for the long-term and we will start seeing that infection and change in trajectory this year.
Ken Powell: And just to add to that, Chris, Yoplait China would be a good example of really looking at the long term and to build businesses that are going to sustain over many, many years. I think you know we have been planning to enter China for a number of years. Interested, of course because it's a very large multibillion dollar category already in China and so we began shipping from our own plant last month. The products are on the shelf in retail stores in Shanghai. We are offering a couple of traditional spoonable varieties. These are very, very high quality building on the French heritage of Yoplait. We are also offering a drinkable product. So there will be basically three platforms. They are on the shelf. They look great. We are really excited by it. We are going to do what we have always done in China, which is to really learn about the business model in Shanghai and then as we success we fully intend to expand that business into other major cities in China.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Eric Katzman: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Ken Powell: Hi, Eric.
Don Mulligan: Good morning, Chris.
Eric Katzman: I guess, I am not sure if we calculated this correctly, but if you exclude the acquisitions and you exclude the extra week, was the fourth quarter volume down mid single-digit? And if so, was that within your expectations for the quarter?
Don Mulligan: Eric, your math is pretty good. It's probably around 4% when you back out the extra week in Annie's and so forth. It was actually. And there's two things that I would just point. One is, in our C&F business we did exit a line of low to no margin businesses and that had an impact in the quarter. And then in U.S. RO, we actually were lapping a build of retail inventory from a year ago. So we had anticipated both of these when we gave our guidance. Our sales actually came in pretty much in line with what we expected including the volume component of our sales. So we enter 2016 in the position that we expected to when we first started building our plan back in the spring.
Eric Katzman: Okay. Thank you. And then, maybe I could ask about this value initiative and just how should we think about that? It seems like it's mostly some of the baking goods, baked goods products that are being affected and is this kind of a straight out price cut? Or are you promoting? Or is it like a combination of trying to drive some of those, I guess, center of the store brands that have struggled a bit?
Ken Powell: Yes. So Eric these, as you know, we are not trying to win on the basis of pricing and merchandising, but in the case of some of our baking products and also Helpers, for example, we simply found ourselves not competitive from a merchandising standpoint as the year unfolded. That was also true for soup where we didn't enter the season with the right price point. So I would just describe this as getting our merchandising price points and frequency in line with competition, tactical adjustments. In the baking area, for instance, we are adjusting prices on some of the more value oriented parts of the line anyway. So think cake and frosting. Other parts of the line maybe brownies and cookies and these sorts of things, we will leave those prices as is. So these are really just tactical adjustments to move us into the competitive zone and we think that that will benefit in much better volume performance.
Eric Katzman: Okay. I will pass it on. See you in Boston.
Ken Powell: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Ken Powell: Hi, Bryan.
Don Mulligan: Hello, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Hi. I wanted to follow up on Chris Growe's question, just with regard to just making sure I have got all the pieces on the cost savings that are incremental this year and then trying to sort of figure out how much is being reinvested, because I think back of the envelope, I was looking at between HMM and the three programs, the incremental savings for this year should be somewhere in the $500 million to $600 million range. Is that right?
Don Mulligan: Yes. That's correct. That's what will impact COGS. That will impact in total, sorry, not just COGS, but in total, yes.
Bryan Spillane: In total, yes. And then implied, I guess, in the operating profit growth currency neutral is mid single-digit operating profit growth is like $150 million or so of operating income. So if you are reinvesting half of the savings but there is $150 million of operating profit growth, it just seems like there is something I am missing in between. So could you just help bridge that?
Don Mulligan: Yes. You see, there is inflation. We have 2% inflation in COGS. We will have normal inflation across the remainder of our SG&A. And again, the reinvestment is going to be over half of what the cost saves are. So you have got to roll that in as well. And then the last piece that you might not have is for our pension expense with the change in mortality table, it's going to increase our liability, increase our expense, non-cash by about $70 million next year. That will not all flow through because we have some things that will partially offset that. But it is some thing that we will have to absorb next year.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. That helps. And I guess the 53rd week is also another $30 million or $40 million of OI that you have to lap?
Don Mulligan: Yes. That's going to take a point plus off your growth rate.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ken Powell: Hi, Rob.
Robert Moskow: [indiscernible] for myself out there. A question on --
Ken Powell: We lost you, Rob.
Operator: Mr. Moskow, we are unable to hear you, sir.
Robert Moskow: Can you hear me now?
Ken Powell: Yes. We can hear you now. Okay. Now we have lost you again.
Robert Moskow: All right. I will hop out. Thanks.
Robert Moskow: We will go to the next question. Our next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow of BMO. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Zaslow: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Ken Powell: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow: I just have two questions. One is, every couple of quarters or several quarters you guys start looking again at the cost savings opportunities throughout different pieces of the businesses. Are there any businesses that you are in the process of reviewing to go another level of cost savings? That's my first question. My second question is, can you discuss the different sales trends for cereal in retail versus foodservice? Is there any insight to be gleaned from the different growth trajectories of those two?
Ken Powell: So you want to take the question?
Don Mulligan: Yes. Ken, on the cost saves side, it's an ongoing effort, it's an ongoing practice within the company to look at where we are not as competitive as we think we could be and as opportunities present themselves that are material enough for investors to have different guidance on, we obviously disclose that as we did with Project Compass just a couple of weeks ago.
Ken Powell: And on your cereal question, Ken, I think part of it is just rooted in the fundamentals. As you know, our convenience and foodservice business is very, very targeted to the channels that we think have longer term growth potential and so we are highly focused in schools and universities and healthcare and all of those channels are growing anywhere from 2% to 4%. So a part of it is that we are just seeing there is a little bit of a tail wind there and I would say the second part is that our innovation has just worked terrifically well in those channels. We have great tasting cereals. The whole grain benefit of our Big G cereals has been extremely important to school foodservice operators and has given us a real competitive advantage. We have a little over half the share in that segment. So I would say, it's a combination of some tailwind in those channels, very well targeted innovation and that's why we are very encouraged by the innovation that we will be bringing to the general market in 2016. We think that's very well targeted, very focused on consumer trends and we are going to see revenue growth that will result from that innovation.
Kenneth Zaslow: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Powell: Hello, again.
Robert Moskow: I hope that --
Ken Powell: Rob, you have got to try. You have got to get on a different phone. We are not hearing you.
Don Mulligan: You are going to find a pay phone.
Robert Moskow: All right. Thanks. I am out. I will try again later. Bye, bye.
Ken Powell: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew Grainger: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Ken Powell: Hi, Matt.
Don Mulligan: Hello, Matt.
Matthew Grainger: Hi. So just two questions. First, I wanted to see if you would give any more context on the rationale for the Green Giant impairment? It is a brand that obviously has very high awareness. You have done some testing out of the branded snacks. Just how did you assess the pros and cons of continuing to try to enhance its credibility in more of a health and wellness context? And with the impairment, what are the implications for the future of it in your portfolio, whether that's just prioritization or other alternatives?
Ken Powell: So Matt, we do continuously review where and how we are allocating our resources and resources defined as R&D investments and marketing investment and capital investment. So as you can imagine, we are just constantly looking very closely at that. And we have, you have already heard about a number of opportunities that we have around the world in cereal and yogurt and snack and you will hear more about it in July. And we are dedicating resources to drive growth in those businesses and that necessarily means that other businesses are getting less and we have highlighted Green Giant. The fact that we have done that shouldn't take away from the fact that Green Giant know is in fact a profitable business for us. As you said, it's a really good brand. We are going to be bringing news and innovation to Green Giant, both in the U.S. and in international markets in F16. So sort of reallocation doesn't mean not doing things. We like that equity. And we think there is innovation opportunity there. So we will have news coming, but we have just shifted some of the resources to areas that we see as higher growth and that's resulted in the impairment analysis that we have highlighted.
Matthew Grainger: Okay. That helps. Thanks, Ken. And then, Don, just briefly to come back to your comment on the prior year comp, from an inventory standpoint. Can you just give a sense of where retail inventory stands at the moment as we go into the year? Because there were some retailer inventory reductions earlier in 2015 and we have heard a fair amount of public discussion around inventory practices at some key retailers changing. So just whether you feel you are at normalized levels, whether we should expect any volatility?
Don Mulligan: A good question, Matt. I appreciate the chance to clarify. We do think we are at normalized levels in the retail trade. The issue is that we had some billed inventory at the end of last year. We had that inventory then depleted during this year. So we ended up taking two hits, one for the depletion this year and one for lapping last year's increase. But we think as we enter 2016, the retail inventories are going to normalize level.
Matthew Grainger: Okay. Great. Thanks, Don.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi Research. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Ken Powell: Hi, David.
Matthew Grainger: Good morning.
David Driscoll: I had kind of one major question and then just a couple of little details. First one is about cereal, both U.S. and international. Ken, you said a lot in your prepared comments about it, but when I look back at the track record in cereal and the category, it's just been such a tough category. So I would just kind of like to ask you what gives you real confidence that this is the turn that you are going to grow the business? And if you could delineate between your confidence and growth in the U.S. versus international, that would be helpful. And is this a General Mills specific positive or is this a category comment that you will also participate in?
Ken Powell: Well, so let me start by saying, first of all, I think that the category in the U.S., as we look at that, still declining but the levels, the rate of that decline is moderating. And so we are, David, encouraged by that. And if you just look at last 12, last three, it was a little over 3% decline for the year. For the quarter, it was a little less, 1.5% decline and okay. And I think as you know, the latest month was an easier comp, but there was actually a little bit of growth there. So we do see the category rates of decline moderating, not only in the U.S., but we are also seeing that in Canada and other developed markets around the world. So I think that's an important factor. The second point is that we think we have a very good understanding for the new preferences that consumers have for breakfast and we have talked about this with you many times for products that are simpler, products that are more filling, products that taste good, products that address very specific issues that consumers have like gluten and artificial colors. And as we address those things and as we bring innovation that address those, we are seeing growth. Our granola business is growing really well. We think Muesli is going to do really well for us. We see products that have had taste improvements grow extremely well. Our Cinnamon Toast Crunch, which is the third largest brand in the category grew at double digit this year. So I guess just the second part of my answer to your question, David, is that we think we are really good theory on what's going on in the category and as we addressed it with Consumer First, we are seeing a response. And then to your last point, we were very single-mindedly focused on growing our business and we think we have very, very strong innovation in order to do that. Of course it will be, as we see other players in the category invest more in innovation, as we see stronger investment in media and we think we are beginning to see that, these of course are going to be very helpful as well. So as the entire category focus is on these things and we get the consumer support back in the category, that's going to make a big difference as well. So anyway, long answer, but hopefully give you our rationale.
David Driscoll: Very helpful. Just two quick ones for Don. What's the Annie's revenue contribution in F16? Is it about one percentage point to growth? And then on media, I think in your guidance slide you said it was down but then in response to one of the Q&A you said that there was reinvestment in -- and I forget what word you used -- advertising, media from the cost savings initiative. So apologies, I am confused. Is media down and I think it is and then why did you say that there was reinvestment in it from the cost saves?
Don Mulligan: Media is down. I will get that question first. Media is down and what I said is our total consumer will be up. And just let me parcel that out. So media is obviously what you see on air, what you see in digital or in print. It will be slightly down, essentially I think about it as flat on a 52 to 52 week basis. So we lose a week obviously this year. Importantly it's going to be up on key growth platforms where we have clear ideas. Ken just talked about cereal in U.S. and internationally, our snacks business in the U.S., yogurt in the U.S., natural and organic in the U.S. Internationally, we see it in Old El Paso in addition to the cereal businesses and in emerging markets. So we will have media up on platforms where we have strong growth ideas. And then total consumer will be up low-single digit. So when I talk about total consumer, that takes into things like in-store events. We have many of those in the emerging markets. We are doing Häagen-Dazs in-store displays in Southeast Asia markets. Obviously Yoplait displays in China, Yoki in Brazil. So a lot of opportunity to get more exposure in the store itself. And then sampling falls into it as well. Again think about Yoplait in China as we are launching that brand. We are going to see a lot of our natural and organic businesses getting supported by increased sampling this year in the U.S. So there is a number of vehicles that don't hit media nor a consumer vehicles that don't hit media that we will be increasing or invested on this year.
Ken Powell: The only think I would just underline on that is, Don's comment on sampling. Sampling is perhaps the most powerful penetration driver that we have and many of our natural and organic businesses are not really driven in the traditional media. They are in fact driven almost entirely by getting the products into people's mouths. So that's a growing part of our marketing mix and one that is not really counted in the media thing. So that's an important highlight for you.
David Driscoll: What was Annie's?
Don Mulligan: So the other question was on Annie's sales contribution. It was about 1% in both 2015 and in 2016 because we had it for roughly half a year in both instances.
David Driscoll: Perfect. Thank you. I will pass it along.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Diane Geissler of CLSA. Please go ahead.
Diane Geissler: Good morning.
Ken Powell: Hi, Diane.
Diane Geissler: I wanted to ask a question just about the cereal category in general. I know you are probably category captain with a variety of retailers, but obviously cereal sales have been weak for a number of years. And I am just trying to gauge where the retailer is at, in terms of the category and some of the alternatives to the category such as the granola products you are launching which I think are quite a bit different than the regular sort of boxed cereal, but also what you have been doing on the bar business? How does that all shake out at the retailer? Are they increasing square footage, linear feet for some of these new products and decreasing the amount of shelf space for the core products? Or is the granola and bar growth kind of incremental? And then I have part two to the question which is, we have seen a lot of manufacturers come into that bar category. I think SKU proliferation there has been pretty massive over the last few years. And so, what are you seeing in terms of some of these more protein enriched granola snack bars that have been launched over the last few years?
Ken Powell: Okay. Well, Diane, so let me start my answer by reminding everyone that cereal is $10 billion category in the U.S. So it's very, very large and as you know, it's been declining for the last couple of years, but still very, very large and still about a third of all breakfasts include cereals. So I think the first point is, it's very, very important to the retailer and basically what they want from us is innovative ideas that will drive growth in that category. And so they are very enthusiastic about the initiatives that we are bringing. I can assure you that you will see lots of in-store support and activity this summer and going into the fall, for example around gluten-free Cheerios. Cheerios is by far the largest brand in the category. They are highly enthusiastic about that initiative and it will get a lot of support because they see it as great news for the whole category. So I guess the first point is, it's big and our retail partners really want us to bring innovation. And so they are quite enthusiastic about what we are doing. In terms of SKU proliferation in these targeted areas of granola or protein or things like this, those initiatives are working for us. And so that's exactly what our retail partners want. They see those trends as well in other parts of the store. It makes sense to them and we are getting nice support from them on those brands. Of course, both of us are constantly looking at what are our top turning items, what are the bottom turners and making sure that we are pruning. But as you have heard from us before, in general, our cereal items are very high churning and so we have held our share of distribution. We have actually grown our share of distribution over the last several years because we have really strong brands. So does that kind of get your question, Diane?
Diane Geissler: Yes, because some good color on what the retailer is thinking about those two categories. I also wanted to ask about the cash repatriation and the tax charge on that. I guess the question is that obviously you didn't need those funds to grow the businesses internationally, otherwise you wouldn't have repatriated them, but is there an expectation about future repatriation? Or was that done because of some kind of timing with regard to tax rules? If you could kind of frame that for us, that would be helpful. Thanks.
Don Mulligan: I appreciate you flagging at it. This is a one-time repatriation. It was $600 million. We look at the economic cost of bringing that money back for some of the cash need that we have in the U.S. for restructuring actions of Annie's that we did last year. We brought it back and while effective tax rate charge was $79 million, it carries $24 million cash charge to it. So it was low cost from that standpoint. It is one-time. It doesn't change our perspective in terms of how we are going to manage the rest of our cash internationally nor does it reflect -- it doesn't reflect anything on our investments internationally. We have some robust investments internationally, but we also have a very cash generative business internationally.
Diane Geissler: That's great. Thank you.
Ken Powell: I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Ken Powell: Hi, Ken.
Ken Goldman: I am a little bit surprised by how far Green Giant has fallen. I mean it used to be a really good brand. The category is not the greatest but other of your competitors are doing okay. So as you think about what happened there, are there any learnings you can take away from that that you can apply to maybe some of your other brands and categories just to sort of make sure something like that doesn't happen again? Because I know in your words here you are sort of softening what's happening, but it's not every day we see an impairment charge to this degree.
Ken Powell: The observation that I would make, Ken, is that it's increasingly kind of a value focused category and the segment that is performing a little better tends to be the commodity oriented, just frozen blocks of vegetables. And so that's the direction that the category has moved in. And of course, as you know, we are also in the canned part of the category as well with our products. So that would be an observation for you. Having said that, we do see our portfolio is primarily more value added and more flavored and soft products and we see opportunities to continue to innovate and adapt with those kinds of products and it tends to be the higher and more innovative end of the category. And so that will be our focus going forward.
Don Mulligan: And Ken, what I would add to it in terms of learnings is this is one area where the consumer preferences have shifted pretty rapidly. And a large focus of ours, from a Consumer First standpoint, is moving as rapidly as we can against those. Some times you are constrained by the number of resources you can put against the business. And so the cost saving initiatives that we are undertaking to free up resources to get after opportunities like these, I think will allow us to be better and more adaptable and more agile as these kinds of shifts happen as we go forward.
Ken Goldman: That's helpful. Can I sneak in a very quick one? Cereal reformulation, you talk about no colors from artificial sources. Is that different than saying no artificial colors? I am just trying to make sure I understand that?
Ken Powell: No, it's not. We are eliminating artificial. And so any color and flavors that will be, by the end of 2017, will be from natural sources.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you.
Ken Powell: Okay. Tina, I think we are out of time. So Kris and I will be taking calls all day. For those of you that don't have my number, you can reach me at 763-764-2301. So thanks every one and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect all lines. Thank you and have a good day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-03-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kristen Smith Wenker - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Donal Leo Mulligan - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Bethany Quam -  Kendall J. Powell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Todd Jeffrey Duvick - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fiscal 2015 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, March 18, 2015. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kris Wenker, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristen Smith Wenker: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. I'm here with Ken Powell, our CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO; and Bethany Quam, who's President of our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment. Before I turn the call over to them, I'll cover my usual housekeeping items. Our press release on third quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It's also posted on our website if you still need a copy. You can also find slides on our website that supplement this morning's remarks. Our remarks will include forward-looking statements based on management's current views and assumptions. And the second slide in this morning's presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our estimates. So with that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, starting with Don.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Thanks, Kris, and good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us today. Slide 4 summarizes our results for the third quarter. Net sales totaled $4.4 billion, down 1% due to foreign currency effects. On a constant-currency basis, we posted 3% growth in net sales. Segment operating profit totaled $698 million, up 1% as reported and up 3% in constant currency. Net earnings decreased 16% to $343 million, and diluted earnings per share were $0.56 as reported. These reported results include $0.07 per share of restructuring and project-related charges, a $0.05 decline in mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions, $0.01 of acquisition integration costs and a $0.01 charge related to Venezuela currency devaluation. Excluding these items affecting comparability, adjusted diluted EPS was $0.70, up 13% from $0.62 a year ago. Constant currency adjusted diluted EPS increased 15%. Slide 5 shows the components of total company net sales growth. Pound volume reduced sales by 1 percentage point while mix and net price realization added 4 points of sales growth. Foreign exchange was a 4-point drag on reported net sales growth. The Annie's acquisitions -- the Annie's acquisition contributed 1 point of volume growth and 1 point of sales growth in the quarter. Let's turn to segment results. Slide 6 summarizes U.S. Retail performance. Net sales were up 1% led by double-digit gains in Snacks and Yogurt. Net sales for our Cereal business essentially matched last year's level while Meals and Baking Products were lower for the period. Annie's sales, which are included in the Snacks and Meals totals, contributed 2 points of net sales growth for the segment. U.S. Retail operating profit increased 1% in the quarter to $521 million. We continue to see excellent growth in our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment. As you can see on Slide 7, net sales in the quarter increased 6%, and segment operating profit was up a robust 11%. Our 6 focus platforms are leading this growth with strong double-digit net sales gains in frozen breakfast, Yogurt and Cereal. Bethany will give you a detailed update in a moment. Slide 8 summarizes third quarter International results on a constant-currency basis. Net sales grew 6% overall with growth in all 4 geographic regions. In Latin America, net sales increased 20% driven by inflation-linked pricing in Argentina and Venezuela. Sales for the Asia/Pacific region were up 4% led by double-digit growth in the Middle East and India. Net sales in Canada increased 4%, and constant-currency sales in Europe were 3% above last year led by another strong quarter of growth for Old El Paso. Slide 9 shows that third quarter adjusted gross margin declined 90 basis points. This is primarily due to higher supply chain cost and unfavorable mix. We're now roughly 95% covered on our commodity needs for the full year. In the fourth quarter, we expect adjusted gross margin will roughly match last year's levels, reflecting the impact of lower trade expense and moderating input cost inflation. SG&A expense as a percent of sales declined 110 basis points in the quarter. Our combined investment in R&D, advertising and media was lower in the period. However, excluding those items, as well as Annie's integration costs and Venezuela currency devaluation, SG&A as a percent of sales was still below the prior year. As we start to see savings flow through from Project Catalyst and our expense policy changes, we expect SG&A, excluding media and R&D, to be down as a percent of sales for the full year. After-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $13 million in the quarter compared to $23 million last year. The decrease was primarily due a $4 million asset impairment charge for CPW's South Africa business and unfavorable foreign exchange. In addition, third quarter constant-currency net sales for CPW were down 3% versus last year, reflecting continued challenging category conditions in Western Europe. In contrast, Häagen-Dazs Japan posted constant-currency net sales growth of 7% behind good results for core mini-cups and multipacks. For the full year, we now expect after-tax JV earnings to be below last year due to the asset impairment charge and foreign exchange. Slide 12 summarizes a few other income statement details. We incurred $74 million in restructuring and project-related charges in the quarter. On February 12, the Venezuelan government instituted a new foreign exchange market mechanism. We booked a charge of $7 million in the third quarter associated with balance sheet remeasurement of our Venezuelan business. Excluding those items, as well as mark-to-market effects and Annie's integration costs, corporate unallocated expenses decreased 24% in the quarter. That primarily reflects lower corporate overhead expense and increased pension income. Net interest expense was 6% above last year due to higher debt levels, partially offset by a lower average interest rate. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 25.5% as reported. Excluding items affecting comparability, the tax rate was 27.5% this year compared to 33.6% a year ago. The lower tax rate in the quarter was driven by the effect of new U.S. tax legislation, certain favorable discrete tax items and changes in earnings mix by country. We now expect our full year adjusted effective tax rate to be 100 basis points lower than last year's due primarily to favorable earnings mix by country. Turning to the balance sheet. Slide 13 shows that our core working capital declined 9% versus last year's third quarter driven by improvements in payables and receivables. This is the eighth consecutive quarter that we reduced our core working capital versus the prior year. Cash flow from operations totaled $1.6 billion for the first 9 months. This was down from last year, reflecting lower net earnings. However, we expect our full year operating cash flow, including cash restructuring charges, to be comparable to last year's levels, including the 53rd week and the addition of Annie's. Capital expenditures totaled $491 million through 9 months. We continue to estimate full year capital expenditure of $750 million, including the incremental spending related to Project Century. We paid $750 million in dividends and spent nearly $1.2 billion to repurchase shares thus far this year. We've been highly efficient in cash generation in recent years. Since the beginning of fiscal 2011, we've converted 97% of our net earnings into free cash flow, and we're disciplined about returning that cash to shareholders. Slide 15 shows that we returned almost $10 billion to shareholders in the last 5 years, which represents more than 100% of our free cash flow during that time. We're maintaining this commitment to strong cash returns. Last week, our board approved a 7% increase in our quarterly dividend rate to $0.44 per share. Slide 16 provides a brief update on our productivity and cost savings initiatives. Our ongoing focus on holistic margin management or HMM continues to generate savings. We're on track to deliver more than $400 million in HMM savings this year and $4 billion in cumulative savings over the course of this decade. We're also making good progress on the new cost-saving initiatives we announced earlier this year. We've reached the necessary labor agreements on plant closures related to Project Century. Actions associated with Project Catalyst are largely completed, and we're making good progress implementing changes to our overhead-related policies and practices. We're on pace to meet or exceed the $40 million in cost savings targeted for fiscal 2015. And we're still targeting more than $350 million in savings by fiscal 2017, above and beyond the ongoing HMM savings I referenced a moment ago. We've included a table in today's press release footnotes and in the appendix of today's slides that summarizes these project-saved [ph] costs and savings. For the fourth quarter of 2015, we anticipate net sales will grow at a high single-digit rate in constant currency, including the benefit of Annie's and the 53rd week. This combination of sales growth, savings from HMM and our recent cost savings projects, the lower tax rate and lower shares outstanding should result in double-digit constant-currency growth in adjusted diluted EPS for the quarter. For the full year, we continue to forecast low single-digit growth in net sales, a low single-digit decline in segment operating profit and low single-digit growth in adjusted diluted EPS, all in constant currency. Our strongest operating performance this year is coming from the team in our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment. To tell you more about that, I'll turn the microphone over to Bethany.
Bethany Quam: Thanks, Don, and good morning. I'm pleased to give you an update on our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment. On Slide 19, you see that U.S. consumers spend more than $1.3 trillion every year on food and beverages. Nearly half of that is food eaten away from home. In recent years, as unemployment has moderated and consumer confidence has slowly improved, food-away-from-home has captured an increasing share of food spending. Technomic is forecasting this share to hold steady in the years immediately ahead. So you can see this is a great market for our U.S. food brands. Now when you think of food service, you probably think first about restaurants, but our business is much broader than that. We sell to multiple channels from schools to health care to convenience stores. These are some of the fastest-growing channels within the food service industry. In total, General Mills delivers products to more than 1 million U.S. locations, where people eat food away from home. Over the past 10 years, we've taken many actions to sharpen our portfolio, focusing on the highest-margin businesses and divesting lower-margin performers, things like bread concentrates and frozen pie shells. Since fiscal 2005, we've trimmed our number of SKUs by 65%. We've also streamlined our supply chain network and now operate just 8 high-performing manufacturing facilities. And we are reaping the benefit of a direct sales force that is solely focused on our product line. The results of our actions is a portfolio that is leveraging our company's well-known consumer brands. More than 80% of our sales come from products that are branded to consumers or the food service operator. As we've transformed our portfolio and divested businesses, our overall sales trend has been essentially flat over the past several years. However, net sales are up 4% through the third quarter of this year, and we expect to deliver mid-single-digit sales growth for 2015. Where you see the most significant impact of our portfolio focus and our restructuring work is in our profit growth. From the low point of the financial crisis in 2008, segment operating profit has increased at a 10% compound rate, and it is up another 14% fiscal year-to-date. We've also generated strong growth in our profit margin over time. Today, our profit margin is in the mid-teens and close to the company overall margin. So today, we are focused on 6 key product platforms: Snacks, Cereal, Yogurt, frozen breakfast, biscuits and baking mixes. These 6 platforms combined generate nearly $900 million in sales or close to half of our total segment sales. But more importantly, these platforms account for 2/3 of our segment operating profit. Net sales for these 6 focus platforms have been increasing at a 4% compound rate over the past 5 years. And so far for this fiscal year, sales are up 9%. Now let me give you a couple of examples of how we are putting the consumer first to drive new growth on these platforms. Yoplait is the leading yogurt brand in food service, and net sales are growing at a double-digit pace so far this fiscal year. GoGurt, as a choice in McDonald's Happy Meals, is contributing to this growth but so, also, is our Yoplait ParfaitPro. This is a great example of how we find new growth by being consumer and customer first. Consumers like yogurt parfaits. They are a fresh, convenient way to buy yogurt in the perimeter of stores, and consumers love the combination of yogurt and fruit. But making layered parfaits was time-consuming for food service operators and generates a lot of waste when yogurt was scooped out of large tubs. We solved this issue by putting yogurt in an easy-to-dispense bag so it can be piped directly into glasses quickly and easily with little mess and waste. Our frozen breakfast products are growing at a double-digit rate. K-12 schools serve more than 13 million breakfasts each and every day, and cafeteria operators are looking for options that can be easily and neatly eaten in classrooms. We developed a line of Pillsbury frozen breakfast items that are heated right in the bag and meet the nutritional requirements for school meals. We recently have added cream cheese-filled mini bagels to this line, and they are performing very well. We also introduced a breakfast item under the Old El Paso brand. Now our Cereal business is growing in schools, too. Last year, participation in school breakfast increased 5% and is up 50% over the past 10 years. Cereal is a key school breakfast offering, and General Mills is the cereal share leader in K-12 schools with our bowl-pack offerings, as it is nutritious, easy to serve and a good value. We have recently added Gluten Free Cinnamon Chex to our offerings. And on college campuses, our bulk cereal is the growth driver with particularly good performance on granola. In total, net sales for our cereals are up 6% so far this year. Now you've heard us say that snacks are the new meal, and consumers are buying these snacks in a variety of outlets from school cafeterias to hotel lobbies to convenience stores. Sales for our Snacks are up 9% so far this fiscal year led by strong performance in schools, where our cereal bars and Simply Chex snacks meet the new Smart Snack regulations that call for less fat and sugar and more whole grains, fruits, vegetables and protein. We're also bringing innovation to convenience stores, where 60% of all food purchased is eaten right in the car. We're introducing Chex Mix Popped salty snacks and gluten-free Nature Valley nut bars as C-store consumers are also seeking better-for-you snack options. We also have a small but growing Natural & Organic snacks business, led by Food Should Taste Good and LÄRABAR. These brands are posting good performance on college campuses and in business and industry outlets, and we're excited about the opportunities ahead for Annie's snack items in food service. This brand is a great fit for colleges and universities as well as K-12 schools. The good growth we're posting across all of our platforms is due in part to the strong capabilities that we bring to our customer. This starts with our national sales force. Having a dedicated sales force gives us direct access to food service operators and distributors, where we gain insights into how they use our products and focus attention onto our brands. We use those insights to develop new products and creative solutions to meet the needs of our operators and the consumer, which, in turn, drives new growth for us. So I hope I've given you a good sense of the strength of our Convenience Stores and Foodservice business and the growth opportunities we see ahead. So to summarize, we've made great strides in transforming our portfolio, and we believe we are well positioned to drive growth in this large food service market. We're focusing on 6 key product platforms within the fastest-growing channels in the industry. And with our branded portfolio and strong sales execution, we posted good performance in recent years, and we'll have another strong year in fiscal 2015. We expect to deliver on our plan with mid-single-digit net sales growth, and we'll do a little bit better than our plan with double-digit segment operating profit growth. We are excited about the prospects we see ahead for our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment. With that, I'll turn it over to Ken Powell.
Kendall J. Powell: Thanks, Bethany, and good morning to everybody. We think our Convenience Stores and Foodservice business is an underappreciated source of sales and profit growth for our brands in the U.S. You'll hear more about this business and the new growth we see ahead at our Investor Day in July. So now let me give you an update on our 2 operating segments -- our other 2 operating segments, starting with U.S. Retail. Third quarter net sales performance for U.S. Retail showed a clear inflection from our first half trends. Annie's contributed to Snacks and Meals results, and the base Snacks and Meals businesses, Yogurt and Cereal, all posted sequential improvement in net sales growth rates in the quarter. We have a broad portfolio of U.S. Retail categories, and it's a rare year when all of them are growing share. As you see in Slide 34, dessert mixes and frozen vegetables are 2 categories where we're seeing more significant share declines this year, and we have work to do to fix these businesses. But we are gaining share in our priority categories of Snacks, Yogurt and Cereal, and our year-to-date share is up in categories representing over 2/3 of our measured sales. Our innovation and marketing focus is on putting the Consumer First to drive new growth. Nowhere has this been more successful than in our U.S. Yogurt business, where investment in core brand renovation, new products and consumer marketing has driven strong performance this year. This strength is broad-based with growth across almost all of our segments. More and more consumers are discovering the great taste of our Greek yogurts. Retail sales for our Greek varieties were up 43% in the third quarter, behind the continued success of Yoplait Greek 100 and the introduction of new Greek 100 Whips!, which are off to a good start. We recently removed all artificial colors and flavors from our Kid Yogurts, and we introduced new items featuring movie equities, like Star Wars and Frozen. We're seeing 7% growth for this business, and retail sales for original-style Yoplait increased 17% in the quarter. We're now rolling out a 25% sugar reduction across the entire Yoplait Original line. We expect this news will help generate more good growth for Yoplait. Consumer First renovation, innovation and investment have returned our overall U.S. Yogurt business to sales and profit growth. We're now the fastest growing of the major yogurt manufacturers, and we're gaining share at an accelerating pace, including more than 2 points of share growth last month. Our Cereal business is following a similar playbook. We're investing in core brand renovation, innovation and consumer marketing to keep our cereal brands relevant with evolving consumer preferences. We continue to see strong growth for our granola cereals, which are on trend with consumer interest in less processed food. Retail sales for our Nature Valley, Cascadian Farm and Chex granolas increased by 26% last quarter. Our protein cereal varieties also enjoyed excellent growth, with retail sales more than double last year's level. And great taste will always be a driver of growth for Cereal. For example, Cinnamon Toast Crunch posted another quarter of strong growth, and we've had very positive consumer response to the relaunch of French Toast Crunch in January. Combined retail sales for these cereals increased by 13% in the quarter, and dollar share rose to nearly 4.5% of category sales. So we saw pockets of good growth in the third quarter, and our total Cereal net sales essentially matched year-ago levels. But our goal is to grow our Cereal sales so we have more work to do. At CAGNY, we announced that we're embarking on a broad investment plan designed to renovate our Big G portfolio for today's consumers. Gluten-free Cheerios is the first step in this plan. We're taking 88% of the Cheerios franchise, which equates to 11% of the total Cereal category, gluten-free. It is important to note that this is a processing change, not a reformulation. Oats are the primary ingredient in Cheerios, and they are naturally gluten-free, but trace amounts of wheat, barley and rye find their way into the oat supply chain in the fields or in shipping. One of our engineers developed a mechanism for sorting out those other grains, leaving us with pure oats. So consumers will be able to enjoy the same great-tasting Cheerios that they love with the added benefit of knowing that they are gluten free. With nearly 30% of U.S. consumers expressing an interest in gluten-free foods, we think this change is a big deal. We know some consumers have turned away from cereal to seek gluten-free options at breakfast, and we think that having the largest franchise in the category gluten free gives them a reason to return to the category. Our Retail customers are certainly excited about this news. Consumers will start to see gluten-free Cheerios packages on shelf in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. We are leading performance in the U.S. Cereal category, gaining almost 2 points of share over the last 8 years. Our investment in wellness renovation is designed to foster new growth in 2016 and beyond. I mentioned that gluten-free Cheerios is the first step in this plan. We'll tell you more when we outline our fiscal 2016 plan this summer. Our Snack business continues to deliver on consumers' interest in convenience, great taste and better-for-you alternatives. Our grain snacks posted 4% retail sales growth in the quarter led by Fiber One Streusel and Nature Valley Nut Crisp, new products. Continued distribution gains and investment in sampling and digital marketing for LÄRABAR helped deliver double-digit retail sales growth for nutrition bars, and Chex Mix and Gardetto's posted 3% retail sales growth behind large-size varieties. Over in the frozen aisle, our Totino's hot snacks business continues to perform well with retail sales up 4% in the third quarter. This brand has found success with innovation like new blasted-crust pizza rolls and by leveraging digital media to target millennial consumers with messaging focused on convenience, value and great taste. At CAGNY, we mentioned our goal of building our Natural & Organic Food business to $1 billion in sales by fiscal 2020. This portfolio includes Annie's, Cascadian Farm, LÄRABAR, Food Should Taste Good, Muir Glen, Mountain High, Immaculate Baking and Liberté. Sales for these brands across U.S. Retail and Convenience Stores and Foodservice segments totaled more than $160 million in the third quarter, up 60% versus last year, including the addition of Annie's. But even without Annie's, net sales for the rest of our Natural & Organic brands increased at a double-digit rate. We're making good progress on the Annie's, integration. We've consolidated our natural channel sales support with Annie's broker. We're bringing our HMM process to the Annie's team to build out a multiyear productivity pipeline, and we're actively working on the next new category launch for the Annie's brand. The leader of Annie's, John Foraker, and the rest of the team continue to run the Annie's business out of the Berkeley, California office, and we're excited about the future growth prospects for our combined Natural & Organic food portfolio. So let's turn now to results for our International segment. Our Europe region posted another quarter of growth with constant-currency net sales up 3%. Retail sales for Old El Paso increased double digits, thanks to continued strong performance on our Stand 'N Stuff tortilla innovation. Häagen-Dazs retail sales were down 1% in the quarter. We're introducing using a new premium line of Häagen-Dazs stick bars in France in the fourth quarter, giving us a strong offering in the largest segment of the category, handheld ice cream treats. And third quarter retail sales for Yoplait increased 1%, including 4% growth in France, where our Yopa! high-protein yogurt has established a leadership position in the Greek-style yogurt segment. In Canada, third quarter constant-currency net sales were up 4%. Retail sales for Yogurt increased 1% with good growth on Liberté's extra creamy Greek line launched earlier this year. Cereal retail sales were flat to last year, and we saw particularly good performance on Cinnamon Toast Crunch and EDGE protein cereal. Our Old El Paso and Snacks businesses continued to deliver strong results in retail sales, thanks to innovation like Old El Paso Restaurante kits and Fiber One Delights snack bars. Net sales in Latin America were up 20% in constant currency, including low single-digit growth in Brazil. We saw strong double-digit growth for La Salteña in Argentina. A new advertising campaign drove growth on Yoki meals, and new Nature Valley Fruteria and Fiber One snacks helped Mexico sales increase double digit. In our Asia/Pacific region, constant-currency net sales increased 4% in the quarter. We saw strong double-digit sales growth in the Middle East, thanks to the launch of our new Betty Crocker ready-to-eat cookie bars as well as new Häagen-Dazs varieties, like mango raspberry. In Greater China, constant-currency net sales were down low single digits driven primarily by low sales for Snacks and Häagen-Dazs shops. Our shop sales have been impacted by the government's extension of gift card redemption terms from 1 to 3 years. We'll lap this change at the end of the fiscal year. We did see nice growth in our Wanchai Ferry tangyuan business in the third quarter due in part to new innovative flavors and forms of crystal tangyuan launched just in time for the Chinese New Year. So I'll close our remarks this morning by reiterating the message we shared at CAGNY. The key to delivering new growth for our business is to put the Consumer First. We do that by renovating our established brands to meet current consumer needs, by innovating to create new products that consumers love and by investing in strong consumer marketing messages delivered with the right vehicles to meet consumers where they are. Where we are doing this well today, we are seeing new growth. In U.S. Retail, I've shared examples, including the renewed growth of original-style Yoplait, the success of new protein-rich cereal varieties and the great marketing on Totino's hot snacks. Bethany gave you a look at the new growth we're driving on our brands in U.S. away-from-home channels, and we're seeing Consumer First efforts drive growth across our international developed and emerging markets. We're developing plans for fiscal 2016 that are designed to build on this momentum and expand the impact of our Consumer First strategic focus, and we'll provide details on those plans on our fourth quarter earnings call. So that concludes our prepared remarks. I'll ask the operator to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. First, Annie's, when it was independent, had concept tested a variety of categories that moms would be open to having an Annie's version of that category. How broad do you think Annie's can go? Do you think this brand can be in almost any of your Meals or Snacks categories from soup to toaster pastries?
Kendall J. Powell: David, this is Ken. So you're right. They -- that team -- that Annie's team had been working quite hard over the years to identify other areas where the brand could be extended. And I think one of the many benefits of the combination that we're seeing as we move to the integration is to see how General Mills' innovation and formulation and manufacturing capability complements so well the desires of the Annie's team to extend the brand into new areas. Prior to the combination, it was very difficult for them to go into some of these areas because they're technically difficult. And so we think that the combination of the 2 companies is really going to open up the scope for expansion into new areas. I think some of you have read that we showed a line of soups at the recent natural food conference, and so that was a very high priority area for Annie's. But they were really unable to find the right way to do that. Obviously, we have lots of capability in that area, and we'll be launching that line of product this summer. I will tell you there are a number of other very high potential areas that the brand could be extended to, and we'll talk more about those when we review our plan with you in June.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then second and lastly, you talked about changes in how you're going to bring products to market and how you're going to be working on your innovation pipeline, perhaps bringing products to a select group of retail stores, listening to the consumer more. I'm wondering if that is a fundamental change that you're going to be making broadly across your entire pipeline. Or is this more of a select type of thing? Could you give us a sense of how much of a fundamental change you're making on your innovation as a company?
Kendall J. Powell: Okay. So and David, is the question with respect primarily to Annie's or it's a general question about innovation across the company? Or...
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Well, I was thinking that perhaps this was something of a learning you got with perhaps some of the more entrepreneurial businesses that you've acquired and how they were doing things. But perhaps this was being brought as a best practice to your overall company. I'm wondering if this is -- how broad that is and how much more of a local market testing tinkering approach, consumer-centric approach you're taking in your overall business or if that's more specific to some of these smaller brands.
Kendall J. Powell: Okay. Thank you, David. And so the answer to the question is that really over the last half dozen years, we have been looking very closely at the entrepreneurs that we compete with, the smaller companies that we compete with, and we have studied in detail how those kinds of small companies develop and bring their products to markets. And we've learned a lot from doing that. And I would say a couple of the key lessons that we've learned is that the entrepreneurs who develop those products are very, very, very close to the ultimate consumer who will buy the product. Sometimes, the consumer is themselves or family members. And so that learning has really underscored our desire to put our marketeers and our consumer research specialists in the homes of the people who will be buying our products. This is so-called consumer empathy. We think it's really, really important. And in many ways, it's replacing big and broad-scale tests that we used to do, which, in a way, moves our marketeers out of the process and distances the consumer from them. So we've got a very high premium on getting our folks right next to the consumers who were going to buy these new products. The other area where we've really focused is rapid prototyping of the idea so that we can get a tangible representation of a new product in front of consumers very early in the process and learn directly from the consumer very rapidly. And these are lessons that we're learning from these small companies. And when you do them the right way, the result is you go fast, you make decisions rapidly. You're very connected to the consumer, and so you're more on target more often. So I could go on for another 20 minutes. I won't, but we have changed quite a bit the approach that we take to new product development, very much learning from small companies and entrepreneurs.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So can I just ask 2 questions? The first one is around the negative mix that you mentioned on the gross margin. Could you just help us out, understand what product categories are causing that negative mix shift? What's growing? What's shrinking?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Sure, Alexia. This is Don. The mix with Yogurt was actually -- Bethany's business in C & F is a lower gross margin business but obviously doesn't have the same kind of advertising support. So from an operating profit standpoint, still very competitive with the rest of our businesses. Those will be the 2 that I would point out in the quarter.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then at CAGNY, you were referring to the long-term earnings growth algorithm. I mean, it seems as though you've been pushing really hard on the cost-cutting front this year with the $400 million in savings. You've got a lot of innovation coming to the pipeline. Your advertising spend is being cut a little bit it seems. And at the moment, the volumes are still down on an underlying basis. So I guess the question that comes as we look out over the next couple of years, how confident are you in that there is a return path to that long-term earnings growth algorithm? And really, just what do you think pulls you around the corner back onto that?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Thanks, Alexia. So we very much believe in the long-term growth model that we outlined at CAGNY. And even in a period of -- where our category is a little bit softer, I mean, the reason that we continue to believe very strongly in that model is because where we effectively are meeting the consumer where they're at today with the right kind of innovation, we see very striking growth. And so for us, it's a question of continuing to focus very much on the consumer, bring the right pipeline of innovation and restore the growth momentum on our businesses. And we've given you a number of great examples of how that's working for us this morning. The Convenience and Foodservice success that Bethany outlined for you is almost entirely driven by innovation that has resulted from a very high focus on the consumers in that channel. We've talked at length about Yogurt, and when you look back over the last couple of years, the renovation and innovation that we brought to that product line, it's not surprising that we're now seeing very good growth. So we just intend to apply those principles where we have businesses that are not growing to our satisfaction. And we think as we do that, we'll return our businesses to on-model performance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two quick questions. First on dairy. I was just curious how stable are yogurt prices given the decline in dairy cost? And how price sensitive do you see the Yogurt category?
Kendall J. Powell: You want to take that?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, the pricing in Yogurt, looking at the U.S. in particular, has been very stable. We made -- about 1 year ago, we made some tactical price moves. But since that time, it's been very stable even with the movement in dairy. So we think that's a very rational -- rationally priced category right now.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then just go ahead.
Kendall J. Powell: Well, I would just add, I think that consumers are still very focused on value in this economy, and so as Don just said, the prices have been stable through periods of higher dairy prices and periods of lower dairy prices. I think the industry as a whole has worked very hard to maintain relatively stable prices.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Back in November, you guys called out kind of 3 issues that affected your year: just kind of overall slowdown in category growth, the baking mix and kind of frozen vegetable promotional issues and I think some inventory destocking. Can you just give us a quick update on those 3 factors, and how they're trending today?
Kendall J. Powell: Okay. I'll start, David, and I'm sure Don will want to jump in. But in terms of this -- the category momentum, it's a little better on our core categories. I know you guys have your own data, but as we looked at the Nielsen, the Cereal category, if you look at the last 12 months, was down around 4%. Last quarter or last 3 months, it's been down around 2%. This is on a dollar basis. It's still down, but that's a little better. Obviously, we have more to go, but we believe we're seeing some moderation there. The Yogurt category last 12 was up 3%. That's accelerating as we look at the last 3 months. It's up a little over 4%. So we like that. The Snack category on the last 12-month basis was actually down a little bit, I think 0.5%. That has turned over the last 3 months to be, I think, up between 1% and 2%. So in our core categories, we're seeing some positive momentum, and we like that but still more to go, particularly in the Cereal category, where we're very focused, and we have a very good pipeline of innovation coming. On the baking mix issue, there really are 2 components for us there. One is that we launched a very extensive line of Hershey's branded products a year ago, and there was lots of pipeline build around that launch. Some of those items have done well and sustained. But as we've lapped what was a fairly big launch, we've just been down versus that launch. And then as we've said, there are some promotional pricing issues selectively in that category, and we continue to position ourselves to address those. So that's still very much a work in progress. And your last -- I think your last point was what, David?
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Inventory destocking by retailers.
Kendall J. Powell: Okay, inventory, yes. I think it's -- we don't really see that. It was down a little. I think there was some destocking. It might have been up a little bit this quarter. I mean, it's -- at the end of the day, over any 12-month period, sales through stores and our deliveries match very, very closely, and so we don't really overly focus on that.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. And David, just to -- we've -- since we changed our guidance in November, we've held to it. Obviously, there's some puts and takes. Ken touched on a couple of those, but the couple of things I'd highlight is we've had some businesses that have performed better. Bethany's Convenience Stores and Foodservice business has continued to strengthen as the year unfolded. Our U.S. Yogurt business, as Ken overviewed, has performed better as the year has played out. Our developed markets internationally, Europe has continued to be strong. We've seen a little bit of rebound in Canada as you saw in the sales numbers this quarter. The Annie's acquisition has come in as expected. Our tax rate has improved a bit, and that's really due to the earnings mix internationally. So that's something that we think we'll sustain. On the downside, as we said, the emerging markets have tempered the growth a little bit, plus we had some service issues in our Brazil business. So that's been a little bit more of a headwind than we expected. And on the gross margin, it's been a little -- it took a little longer than we expected to pullback on all the trade spending, but we have been seeing that, and you saw that come through in our price mix this quarter. And quite honestly, the ForEx movement has hurt us a little bit from a transaction standpoint on our gross margin a little bit more than anticipated. So again, there's puts and takes, but if you list them, there's a lot of positives to look at as the year has played out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I think you guys touched on this a little bit, but I was hoping we can go a little bit deeper on gross margins. I think for most of us who are modeling this, it's been an area of disappointment this year, particularly as we look at some of the input cost trends out there. So maybe you could talk a bit about what you're seeing from just a raw input cost, aside from some of the investment you're making whether it be in process or product. And then touch a little bit more deeply in terms of the portfolio mix issues, I think, you referenced in the press release. What's driving some of the compression? And how enduring that may be?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, Jason, yes, it's a very fair question given that gross margin hasn't performed the way we expected -- hasn't played out the way we expected this year. A couple of factors, I'll dial through them. Trade, in terms of pulling back on some of the inefficient trade that we started talking about last summer. It has taken a little bit longer than we anticipated, but as I mentioned, we're starting to see the positive impact of that as we look at our price mix this quarter, but that has been a drag as the year's unfolded. Mix, as I alluded to, the growth in our Yogurt business has been very encouraging, but it is slightly dilutive from a gross margin standpoint, as is the C & F business. We've seen negative volumes in our U.S. business, and so there's been some deleverage there. And then a smaller piece would be the FX and the translation impact. But the first 3 are the primary drivers as the year unfolds. It is not higher inflation. Matter of fact, as the year plays out, we think our inflation, by the time we close the books, could actually round down to 2% versus the 3% we had been tracking. And HMM is very much on track. So those 2 pieces we feel good about. I think what's important to remember also is that we're undertaking a large Project Century to optimize our North American supply chain. None of those benefits have been played through yet in our gross margin. We would expect to start seeing some of those in F '16.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And I want to ask another question. It's somewhat related but not in a big way. It stems from some of the press reports out there and I don't -- about potentially divesting Green Giant. I don't expect you to comment specifically on Green Giant, but I would like just to ask a question more broadly about how you're thinking about your portfolio. You've got some on-balance growth. Some high-margin businesses are anchoring you down. Some lower-margin businesses are driving your growth. You talked about that on gross margins. You clearly have been trying to accelerate some of the growth of some of the lower-margin stuff because it's where the growth is, and you've demonstrated willingness to sort of buy in to transform the portfolio. Are you willing to examine some of the maybe high-profitable, high-cash generative assets that don't have much growth or potentially growth anchors and consider unwinding them or divesting them on a go forward?
Kendall J. Powell: Jason, I think the only thing to say is what we've said in the past, that -- which is that we do continually review the portfolio and looking for opportunities to strengthen or alter. And so we're constantly doing that, and I don't really think that I would have anything to add to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I know you don't want to talk about fiscal '16 yet, but the trends in gross margin do continue to fall below our expectations, but you have this big shelf of savings coming through also. So I guess, can we think conceptually about fiscal '16 being a stabilization year for gross margin? Or should we think, "Boy, there's a lot of product renovation you still have to do. Shifting the mix still has an impact." And is there another year of potential erosion ahead? And then secondly, the SG&A savings, how big can those savings be for fiscal '16? I know you've quantified some of it, but can you give us a sense for '16?
Kendall J. Powell: Well, first of all, Rob, we'll give you -- as we always do, we'll give you a good level of detail on what we're anticipating for inflation, and HMM and these sorts of things when we meet with you in June.
Kristen Smith Wenker: July.
Kendall J. Powell: Or July. I beg your pardon. I stand corrected. So we'll come on to that then. We've given you, I think several times now, how we expect the savings from our various projects to accumulate over the next 3 years, and I think every time we see you, we update those. Those will be quite significant in F '16, both from the restructuring side, administratively, and we'll start to see supply chain savings come through as well. And we've given you those numbers and actually updated them, I think, a couple of times. So those are going to start to come through. So -- and will be positive. So I guess the way I would leave it is just to say we'll give you a good level of detail here in a couple of months.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. I mean, there's some you've quantified already. But then there's other projects you've added on top. So I wanted to know if there was going to be more. Maybe you can just say if there going to be more savings on top of what you've already quantified, well, [indiscernible] July.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, Rob. We've already -- yes, we've already provided an overview of the 3, Project Century, Project Catalyst and the other overhead policy and practices changes that we're making, and those will accumulate to more than $350 million in savings by F '17: $260 million to $280 million next year, and that's obviously an increase from the $40 million plus that we'll get this year.
Kristen Smith Wenker: And you'll have another year of HMM next year.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, as Kris mentioned, we'll have another year of HMM on top of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess one kind of management question and then one specific. Why don't we deal with the specific one first. If I look at, Don, if I look at corporate expense, unallocated corporate over time, this quarter was the lowest you've had in many years. And even if I look at the last couple of quarters, you're kind of on a run-rate basis, let's say, I don't know, $150 million, call it, and that's well below what you've been reporting. So I know it's a tough number to forecast, but is there -- how should we think about that kind of going forward with the impact of the restructuring action, which, I assume has some impact on unallocated corporate, not just the segments.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, well, last year, I think if you strip out the mark-to-market and other items, make comparables around $250 million in corporate unallocated. This year, we'll kind of zero in around that same level, and you're seeing the benefit -- we'll start seeing the benefit this year of the -- of Project Catalyst. In both years, you saw the impact of lower incentive payment given the performance. So assume we get back to the performance we expect, I would hope actually corporate items would go up a little bit, but you'd see that being paid for by higher operating profit as well.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. All right. And then I don't know if I asked this, Ken, the last time, but I'm just trying to understand why we should be comfortable with Small Planet Foods being basically broken up and put into the various other, let's say, conventional food segments? I mean, right? Isn't that...
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, yes. No, you did ask that, but it's okay.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: At least I'm consistent.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, it's okay. Actually, I think you've asked it twice. But it's a good question, and the reason that we made that change, first of all, remember we've been selling marketing and learning about these categories for 10 years now, over 10 years. And what we noticed for particularly the snacking area, think products like LÄRABAR and Food Should Taste Good, we were coming into -- see, some of our -- these large major customers, are -- we were coming in with a snack presentation and an overview and thoughts on growth for Snacks 2 to 3x depending on what the product was. And these products are -- they're growing. They are -- I wouldn't necessarily say yet, that they are mainstream, but they are certainly in the process of mainstreaming. And so our belief is that we are better off going in and telling the Snack story once with all of our brands, whether they're Nature Valley or Food Should Taste Good or LÄRABAR, getting our sort of holistic view of that category and how it's going to grow one time, one story to these customers. And what we're seeing in the early days of that is very positive. So for instance, LÄRABAR had a terrific quarter. And so I guess I would tell you we really believe that this is the right approach. And don't worry about it. I will also tell you that we have some centralized marketing capability around these Natural & Organic snacks that we've retained because they use sort of a, in many ways, a different and more -- a person-to-person marketing model, and we've maintained that capability. So that exists centrally for all those brands to call on. I will also tell you that Annie's has a very powerful natural channel sales capability that is unique and differential to what General Mills had. And so while we will be using our divisional structure and our centralized U.S. Retail sales focus to expand distribution into traditional channels, all of the products that I mentioned in my remarks, LÄRABAR, Food Should Taste Good, Immaculate Baking, we're going to funnel the selling for those brands to the Natural channels through Annie's. And that -- so there are a number of ways to -- and there's great synergy there, and they're very, very good at that channel. And our growth will accelerate in that channel as a result. So there's a little bit of detail and texture behind what we've done, but we're doing these to accelerate sales and accelerate our impact with retailers. And the early signs, so far, are quite positive on it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Duvick with Wells Fargo.
Todd Jeffrey Duvick - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes. Don, I guess this is probably for you. The way we calculate it, your leverage is a little elevated compared to where it has been, and I know Annie's probably added to that. But can you talk broadly about your leverage. Where you are today? And if you maintain a target leverage range, and also a target credit rating?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. Happy to, Todd. That's something that, obviously, we look at very, very rigorously. And we are a little above our targeted leverage ratio. It's driven primarily as you know, by Annie's. We do expect that as we go into F '16 to improve. Our target ratio was probably a turn or 2 lower than where we are today. And our target credit rating is a BBB+, where we're pleased that we're a notch above that from Moody's perspective. But we've been maintaining that same guidance in terms of the leverage and the credit rating for a number of years now, and that has not changed.
Todd Jeffrey Duvick - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then with respect to your short-term debt balance, it is also elevated. Should we expect to see you in the market terming out a portion of that? And I guess related to that, do you have kind of a target in terms of how much floating rate debt you have versus fixed rate debt?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, we would typically look at floating to be, say, 1/3 -- 30% to 35% of our mix. And we will be terming out some of that debt certainly over the coming months.
Kristen Smith Wenker: Thanks, everybody. If there are folks still in queue, sorry we didn't get to you. Give me a ring, and we'll try and help you out. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2015 Q2  (2014-12-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kris Wenker - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Don Mulligan - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Jeff Harmening - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, U. S. Retail Ken Powell - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Jason English - Goldman Sachs Chris Growe - Stifel
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Mills fiscal 2015 second quarter earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, December 17, 2014. It is now my pleasure to introduce Kris Wenker, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please begin.
Kris Wenker: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. I am here with Ken Powell, our CEO, Don Mulligan, our CFO and Jeff Harmening, Chief Operating Officer for our U.S. Retail segment. And I will turn the call over to them in just a minute. First let me cover my usual housekeeping items. Our press release on second quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It's also posted on our website, if you need a copy. You can find slides on our website too that supplement this morning's presentation. Our remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I will turn you over to my colleague, starting with Don.
Don Mulligan: Thanks, Kris. Good morning and happy holidays to everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Slide four summarizes our results for the second quarter. Net sales totaled $4.7 billion, down 3% as reported and down 1% in constant currency. Segment operating profit totaled $847 million, 6% below prior year on a constant currency basis. Net earnings declined 37% to $346 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.56 as reported. These results include $233 million for restructuring expense in the quarter as well as mark-to-market valuation effects. Excluding these items affecting comparability, adjusted diluted EPS was $0.80, compared to $0.83 a year ago. Constant currency adjusted diluted EPS matched last year's second quarter. Slide five shows the components of total company net sales growth. Pound volume reduced sales by two percentage points while sales mix and net price realization added one point of sales growth. And as I mentioned, foreign exchange lowered reported sales by two percentage points. Turning to our segment results, slide six summarizes U.S. retail performance. We have realigned our U.S. retail businesses into five operating units cereal, yogurt, snacks, meals and baking products. I will let Jeff Harmening tell you more about this change in a minute. In total, net sales for U.S. retail decreased 4% in the quarter, with growth in snacks and yogurt offset by declines in the remaining units. Segment operating profit was down 10% from last year's levels. Innovation in our convenient stores and foodservice segment helped drive net sales growth of 4% in the second quarter. Our six priority platforms, those are yogurt, snacks, cereal, frozen breakfast, biscuits and mixes posted combined net sales growth of 11%. Favorable product and channel mix helped drive a 13% increase in segment operating profit for the quarter. Slide eight summarizes our second quarter international results on a constant currency basis. Sales grew 3% overall led by Latin America, where net sales grew 14% on inflation driven gains in Argentina and Venezuela. Sales for the Europe region were up 4%, led by strong innovation on Old El Paso. In the Asia-Pacific region, sales increased 2% with double-digit growth in both the Middle East and Korea partially offset by lower Haagen-Dazs sales in greater China. And constant currency sales in Canada decreased 7%, primarily due to a fire at a copacker that forced us to cancel Green Giant merchandising in advance of the Thanksgiving holiday. Slide nine shows our second quarter gross margins excluding restructuring and mark-to-market effects, declined 80 basis points. This was primarily due to the lower net sales, higher supply chain costs and unfavorable mix. We are continuing to estimate 3% supply chain inflation for the full year. At the end of the second quarter, we were roughly 70% covered on our commodity needs for fiscal 2015. After-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $27 million in the quarter, up 13% in constant currency. CPW sales were 3% below year ago levels in constant currency with good growth in emerging markets, such as Brazil, Chile and Turkey offset by continued category weakness in Western Europe. Constant currency sales for Haagen-Dazs Japan grew 5% behind strong results for core mini cups, multipacks and seasonal items. Slide 11 summarizes a few other income statement details. Corporate unallocated expense excluding restructuring and mark-to-market effects decreased by $21 million in the quarter. We incurred $233 million in restructuring charges in the quarter associated with previously announced projects. Net interest expense increased 13% from prior-year due primarily to higher debt levels. We continue to expect interest expense will be up high single digits for the full year. Effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.8% as reported. Excluding items affecting comparability, the tax rate was 33.5% this year compared to 33.2% a year ago. And average diluted shares outstanding declined 5% in the quarter. For the full year, we are estimating a 4% net reduction in average diluted shares outstanding. Slide 12 shows that our core working capital declined 5% versus last year's second quarter, driven by continued improvements in accounts payable. This makes seven consecutive quarters in 11 of the last 13 that we reduced our core working capital versus the prior year. On slide 13, you can see that cash flow from operations totaled $863 million through the first half. This was down 14% from last year, reflecting the cash flow impact of changes in current assets and liabilities and our lower net earnings. We still expect full year operating cash flow to exceed last year's levels. Capital expenditures totaled $318 million through six months. Our full year estimate of capital expenditures is $750 million including incremental spending related to recently announced North American supply chain actions. We continue to return significant cash to shareholders. Through the first half, we have paid just over $500 million in dividends. We have also repurchased approximately 19 million shares of common stock this year, for a total of roughly $970 million. Since June, we have initiated several cost savings projects intended to create a simplified, more agile organizational structure and produce fuel to invest in topline generating activities. Project Century is our effort to streamline our North American supply chain and deliver more than $100 million of cumulative cost savings by fiscal 2017. Project Catalyst is focused on simplifying our U.S. organizational design and will generate $125 million to $150 million in cost savings by fiscal 2016. We are also making changes to policies and practices that will reduce our overhead expenses. These changes should generate significant cost savings over the next two years above and beyond Century and Catalyst. Together, these initiatives will generate between $260 million and $280 million in cumulative annual cost savings in fiscal 2016 and more than $350 million in savings by fiscal 2017. We will use a portion of the savings to protect our margins and the remainder will be reinvested to accelerate growth. We expect to incur approximately $360 million in restructuring charges associated with actions announced today, about half of which will be cash. This is all on top of our ongoing Holistic Margin Management or HMM efforts, which remain on track to deliver more than $400 million in cost of goods savings in fiscal 2015 and significant additional savings in future years. Let me close by summarizing our outlook for fiscal 2015. After a first half that fell short of expectations, we expect second half net sales to grow at mid single-digit rate in constant currency. This includes the benefit of the 53rd week. Input cost inflation will be roughly 3% for the remainder of the year, which combined with HMM and other cost savings initiatives should result in high single-digit segment operating profit growth in constant currency. Adding joint venture earnings and our continued share repurchase activity and we expect double-digit growth in constant currency adjusted diluted EPS for the second half. For the full year that will result in a low single-digit growth in net sales, a low single-digit decline in segment operating profit and low single-digit growth in adjusted diluted EPS, all in constant currency. Our expectations for the second half include improving our U.S. retail sales and earnings performance. For more about that, let me turn the microphone over to Jeff Harmening. Jeff?
Jeff Harmening: Thanks, Don and good morning, everyone. I appreciate the opportunity to give you an update on our plans for U.S. retail. We know that our first half U.S. retail performance was not where it needed to be. It's true that the slowdown in overall U.S. food and beverage industry sales is a challenge, but it is up to us to take actions to improve our own performance. We will do this through strong new products, meaningful renovation of existing brands and excellent execution of our marketing and customer programs. So far this fiscal year, we are gaining share in categories representing nearly 70% of our measured sales. That's not the case in frozen vegetables and dessert mixes where our price points haven't been competitive. We are making tactical adjustments to address this going forward. We mentioned in our first quarter call that trade merchandising expense was a headwind. We are working to improve trade performance going forward and in the second quarter we were able to increase our average unit prices by reducing some inefficient merchandising spending. We expect to see continued improvement on our merchandising effectiveness as we move through the rest of the year. Let me tell you more about how we are going to deliver improved performance in the back half, starting with the top three priorities I highlighted in July, namely cereal, yogurt and snacks. Our first priority for U.S. retail this year is investing in cereal for growth. Our retail sales continue to outpace the category. We have grown cereal market share in six for the last seven years and their share is up again through the first two quarters of this year. That said, retail consumer sales for our cereals in measured and non-measured channels combined were down 3% through the first half and we are not satisfied with that. We are starting to see some encouraging signs. Retail sales trends for the category and for our business have improved in each of the past two quarters and our base pound volume which measured volume sold without merchandising has improved from down 1% in this year's first quarter to up 1% in the second quarter. We know that when we understand our consumers, deliver product news that meets their needs and interests and then market that news effectively our cereal brands grow. This is happening today on a number of our brands. For example, the past few years has seen a sharp rise in consumer interest in gluten-free foods. We have leveraged that consumer insight to drive an incredible turnaround on our Chex cereal business. Chex was on a steady downward trend for most of the 2000s. Retail sales declined to 50% between 2002 and 2009. Since fiscal 2010, when we began marking the brand as a gluten-free cereal, Chex has grown at a 10% compounded rate. We expect Chex to grow again in fiscal 2015, including contributions from our new Chex gluten-free oatmeal. Consumers today are showing interest in products they perceive as minimally processed. This is driving strong growth for the granola segment where sales are increasing at a 10% compound rate in the past four years. We are the segment leader and retail sales for our granola cereals, including Nature Valley and Cascadian Farm, America's favorite granola have grown at a 27% compound rate over the same timeframe. Consumers are also looking for more protein options at breakfast. So over the past 18 months, we have introduced a variety of higher protein cereal options. The newest are two flavors of Cheerios Protein. Retail sales for this group of cereals are approaching $100 million in calendar 2014, up from just over $10 million last year. Finally, consumer desire for great tasting cereals is as strong as ever. This year, we have added more cinnamon to Cinnamon Toast Crunch and as we expected, consumers loved it. Retail sales for the brand are up 9% thus far this fiscal year. We are focusing our second half cereal innovation efforts on key consumer interest too. We are launching Cheerios Ancient Grains in January, after seeing encouraging results from a similar launch in Canada earlier this year. This cereal features oats, quinoa, spelt and kamut. We are also launching several new gluten-free cereals. Our two new Cascadian Farm granola varieties, Chocolate Lovers and Peanut Butter Bliss fall neatly at the intersection of consumer interest in granola and indulgent great tasting cereals. And are bringing back French Toast Crunch, a great tasting cereal that has maintained a loyal group of followers since it was discontinued back in 2006. When we posted news about the reintroduction of French Toast Crunch on our corporate blog a week-and-a-half ago, web traffic crashed the server multiple times. We know there's still work to do on cereal. We continue to believe what the category needs is bigger, better, fresher ideas, coupled with solid execution. We branded manufacturers need to bring renovation, innovation and advertising investment targeted to areas of consumer interest to grow sales for our business and the overall category. I look forward to talking much more about this at CAGNY in February. Our second priority in U.S. retail this year is to return our U.S. yogurt business to growth. Through six months we have seen broad-based positive momentum. Our share of the Greek yogurt segment continues to rise, reaching 12% in the second quarter thanks to continued distribution gains and strong advertising highlighting the great taste of Yoplait Greek and Greek 100. We have also been able to drive two successive quarters of double-digit retail sales great growth on original Yoplait through product renovation and compelling snack focused advertising. And we have seen retail sales for our kid yogurt business grow in each of the past four months. In total, our U.S. yogurt retail sales are up 5% year-to-date and we have gained half a point of share in the category. We have broad-based innovation across the Greek, original and kids segments in the back half. In January, we are launching a line of eight new Greek 100 Whips. Whips is a differentiated texture in the Greek segment and we think this line will be well received by consumers who are interested in the protein benefit of Greek yogurt but are turned off with the thick texture of existing products. We are also introducing new flavors of Yoplait Greek 100 and original style Yoplait, as well as kid multipacks featuring characters from the Star Wars and Frozen movies. Our third U.S. retail priority is to drive continuing growth in our better-for-you snacks business. Results so far have been excellent. We have delivered 5% retail sales growth and extended our share leadership in the grain snacks category thanks to great tasting innovation like Fiber One Streusel and Nature Valley Protein Bars. We have grown retail sales on our fruit snacks business by 4% and our natural and organic snacks business is up 18% in measured channels alone, thanks to strong innovation behind our Larabar, Food Should Taste Good and Cascadian Farm brands. We have some exciting new snack items launching in the second half of this year, including Nature Valley Nut Crunch Bars. We think this will be another highly incremental offering within our better-for-you snacks platform. On fruit snacks, we are expanding the highly successful [indiscernible] line into Fruit Rolls and in Shakes. We have many more new items coming to market in the second half, including a line of Totino's Bold Blasted Crust Pizza Rolls, which build on the great momentum Totino's has enjoyed in recent years. Old El Paso is leveraging insights and technology from our global meals platform to launch Restaurante dinner kits. These were first brought to market by our Canadian business earlier this year. And Progresso continues to bring great taste to their ready-to-serve soup category with three new offerings launching later in the third quarter. And our Pillsbury refrigerated cookie business posted a strong first-half where our holiday cookie innovation drove high single-digit net sales growth. We are following this up in the back half with Valentine's, Easter and Mother's Day seasonal cookie launches. In total, we have a great lineup of second half news and innovation across our traditional categories. I am also excited about our plans for expanding natural and organic business. Sales in the U.S. natural and organic food industry have been growing at a 12% compound rate for over a decade. General Mills has built a portfolio of natural and organic brands over that time, beginning with the acquisition of Small Planet Foods in 2000 and continuing with the additions of Larabar, Mountain High, Liberte, Food Should Taste Good and Immaculate Baking. The addition of Annie's this October puts our overall natural and organic portfolio at over $600 million in net sales. That is meaningful scale for both our suppliers and our customers. We are operating Annie's separately with John Foraker running the business out of Berkeley headquarters and reporting directly to me. Annie's will add roughly $120 million in net sales and $0.01 of EPS to our results in fiscal 2015. It's being consolidated on a one-month lag, so our second quarter results include just nine days of Annie's sales. Annie's is a great fit for us with almost 90% of sales and meals and snacks. We see excellent opportunities to drive topline growth by expanding the distribution of Annie's existing portfolio, as well as taking the well loved Annie's brand into new categories. There are also great opportunities to drive growth for the rest of our natural and organic brands as we benefit from increased scale and leverage Annie's strong go-to-market capabilities. In addition, we expect to deliver $20 million $25 million in cost synergies from this transaction by fiscal 2017 through SG&A and supply chain efficiencies. Our primary focus is on maintaining Annie's good momentum. Our priorities for the remainder of fiscal 2015 are to accelerate distribution gains in Annie's core categories by leveraging the combined capabilities of our sales teams, to expand Annie's Pizza Poppers and Mini Pizza Bagels nationally after successful introduction at a key customer earlier this year. And to prioritize among the many exciting new category opportunities we see for the Annie's brand. Beyond Annie's, we have an exciting slate of news and innovation across the rest of our natural and organic portfolio. For example, we are rolling out refreshed packaging for our Larabar Uber Bars and our protein bars. We are launching a new Immaculate branded refrigerated pizza dough and we are expanding the Food Should Taste Good brand with new categories with an edamame and roasted red pepper dip and two varieties of gluten-free non-GMO bars. In our new U.S. retail structure, sales for our natural and organic brands are folded into their respective operating units. This is the way we have been managing Immaculate Bakers and Liberte Yogurt for some time. This structure allows our smaller brands to benefit from increased sourcing, manufacturing and R&D resources as part of these larger operating units. On the marketing side, we are establishing a natural and organic Center of Excellence within our central marketing function reporting to Ann Simonds, our new Chief Marketing Officer. This will help our natural and organic brands stay connected, share best practices and leverage marketing capabilities most efficiently. This is all part of rewiring we are doing within our U.S. organization as part of Project Catalyst. And central marketing organization is refocusing the consumer insights group around consumer needs and meal occasions and they are bringing fresh perspectives on media vehicles and buying strategies. We are excited. This rewiring will let us move faster and translate better consumer insights into sales. Let me wrap up my comments this morning. We are happy about the share gains in our highest priority categories and yogurts' return to growth, but the ultimate goal is to renew topline growth for our entire U.S. retail business. This is the focus of our innovation and renovation efforts and is the goal of the organizational changes we are making. Our targets for the second half are mid single-digit net sales and segment operating profit growth and we have clear plans for delivering those targets. I am encouraged by our progress on our top three priorities for fiscal 2015 and I am really excited about how Annie's strengthens our natural and organic platform. I believe we will be well positioned to accelerate for U.S. retail in the future. I want to thank you for your time and attention this morning and now I will the microphone over to Ken Powell. Ken?
Ken Powell: Okay. Well, good morning to one and all. Thank you, Jeff. So Jeff just described initiatives underway in U.S. retail and I will give you an update now on our other two segments and I will start with convenience stores and foodservice. U.S. sales for food away-from-home now well exceeds $600 billion annually. Technomic predicts industry sales will grow around 3% in calendar 2015. We are focused on several attractive segments of this large market. As you can see on slide 35, K-12 schools is a $19 billion channel, colleges and universities generate another $16 billion in sales and convenient stores account for more than $50 billion in food and beverage sales annually. Each of these growing channels represents great opportunities for our brands. We have focused our business on six product platforms that together represent nearly half of our total segment sales and as Don showed you a few moments ago, we are seeing good growth on many of these platforms. Our yogurt business grew 22% in the second quarter. We saw good growth on Parfait Pro Bulk Yogurt, which gives operators an easy way to make yogurt parfaits. Our Greek yogurt varieties also are performing well in foodservice channels with sales up double digit in the quarter. The success of GoGurt as a choice in McDonald's Happy Meals is another key sales driver. The GoGurt and McDonald's partnership was launched this summer in 14,000 stores nationwide and we are very pleased with the results to-date. Our snacks business is growing at a double-digit clip. That's due in part to the fact that we have more than 30 fruit and grain snack items that meet government requirements for K-12 school snacks. The current regulations call for more whole grains and reduced levels of fat, sodium and sugar. We have more innovation coming here, including Nature Valley Crisps which were introduced nationally in the second half. U.S. consumers are eating more of our cereal away from home these days. For example, the number of students eating breakfast at school continues to grow. So we have seen good growth on our Bowlpak cereals. Our cereals also are growing well in other foodservice outlets. Next month, we will begin promoting several of our gluten-free cereals in K-12 schools, in colleges and universities and in the healthcare channel. In total, our cereal sales grew 13% in the second quarter. So our convenience stores and foodservice segment has posted strong growth in the first half, thanks to great product innovation. This business is on track to deliver its 2015 targets for sales growth, operating profit growth and margin expansion. Turning to our international business. There were several items that weighed down results in the second quarter. The business disruption in Canada, the gifting policy impact on Haagen-Dazs in China and the slowdown in Brazil following strong first-quarter growth, fueled by World Cup activities. Beyond these items, we posted some good growth and we have solid plans for improved performance in the second half. Our Europe region, which also includes Australia and New Zealand posted 4% constant currency net sales growth in a challenging operating environment. Our sales growth was led by Old El Paso Mexican products. We launched Stand and Stuff Tortillas and dinner kits throughout Europe and are supporting the brand with an effective ad campaign. We will have more new product news in the second half. Net sales for our Haagen-Dazs business grew modestly in the quarter. We are launching new flavors including a limited edition winter variety across Europe. For our yogurt business second quarter sales were down slightly in the U.K. due to softness in the overall category and on our Weight Watchers line in particular. In France, we posted sales growth in the second quarter, thanks to increased interest in Greek yogurt and good growth on our Yopa line. We will have some new Greek varieties coming later this fiscal year. In Canada, constant currency net sales declined 7% in the quarter, including the business disruption Don described. Our Canada yogurt sales declined in total, but retail sales for the Liberte brand grew at a double-digit pace. We will be introducing new flavors of Yoplait Source Greek yogurt with just 70 calories per cup in the second half. Cereal sales in Canada were also down overall, but we are seeing good performance from our recent introductions. Multigrain Cheerios with Ancient Grains were launched in the first quarter and we will be introducing a similar variety here in the U.S. next month. And Nature Valley Protein Granola, which debuted in the U.S. is now a successful product in Canada. Clearly, Old El Paso is the brand where innovation works around the world. You heard Jeff talk about growth in the U.S. It's doing well in Europe and Australia. And new entrées contributed to 8% retail sales growth for our Mexican products in Canada. Nature Valley is another brand with strong global appeal. In Canada, new Nature Valley items drove 7% retail sales growth for grain snacks in the quarter. In Latin America, constant currency net sales grew 14% in the second quarter but as Don mentioned, this was driven by inflation in Argentina and Venezuela. Our constant currency net sales in Brazil declined 2% as the overall economy has slowed. We are taking some tactical action to offset these economic challenges. We recently implemented a focused sale and distribution effort to reinforce the value of our products and this is starting to generate good results. And we continue to innovate. We recently launched Betty Crocker dessert mixes in Brazil, supported with advertising and in-store sampling. Early results are encouraging and we have some new vegetable side dishes coming in the second half. In the Asia-Pacific region, constant currency net sales grew 2% in the quarter. This included a 1% sales decline in China due to lower sales for Haagen-Dazs. Changes in government policies around gifting impacted mooncake sales and gift card redemptions in the quarter. But we continue to see good growth opportunities ahead as we bring innovation to our Haagen-Dazs shops and to retail distribution. Since the end of fiscal 2014, we have opened 40 new cafés and now have nearly 400 ice cream shop across China. And we have expanded our retail business to 10 additional cities so far this fiscal year, bringing the total to more than 50 cities in Mainland China. With these initiatives, we expect to reaccelerate growth on Haagen-Dazs in China in the back half of the year. Sales for Wanchai Ferry products in China grew at a double-digit pace in the second quarter and we remain the leading brand in the dumpling category. Crystal tangyuan has been a big hit. So we are adding new varieties to this line. We are launching these items in time for Chinese New Year celebrations and we expect to have a strong holiday performance. And our plans to launch Yoplait yogurt in China remain on schedule. Plant construction is on track. We are finalizing product formulations and we have achieved strong results in head-to-head testing versus the competition. We are excited about this opportunity with yogurt projected to be a $17 billion category in China within the next four years. So for our international segment, we expect to see good constant currency sales and profit growth in the second half and they remain on track to achieve their full-year constant currency growth targets. Let me say a few words about our Cereal Partners Worldwide joint venture. Our net sales declined 3% in the quarter on a constant currency basis. Overall category performance in the big developed markets of the U.K. and Australia is lackluster. However, as you can see on slide 46, there's good category growth in emerging markets. CPW holds leading share positions in these markets and our business in these regions is performing well. We believe innovation drives cereal growth worldwide and CPW has a good lineup of new offerings in the second half. Some of these draw off the playbook that's working in the U.S. For example, new gluten-free cornflakes are now available in 17 markets around the world and Fitnesse Protein Granola is the newest variety for CPW's biggest brand. This product has 30% less fat than regular granolas. Fitness Delice is another low-fat cereal option with a touch of chocolate, now available in select European markets. We believe the long-term growth prospects for ready-to-eat cereal around the world remain very attractive and we will have more to say about that at CAGNY. So now let me step back and summarize the progress for General Mills in total at the midpoint of fiscal 2015. As I told you at the beginning of the year, our number one priority is to accelerate sales growth. We haven't delivered that yet as you look at the topline of our income statement. Under the surface however, we are very sharply focused on this priority and much is happening. The operating environment remains challenging but as we move into the second half of our fiscal year, we expect to renew sales and profit growth and we will do that by innovating. We just told you about some of the product innovation we have planned across the businesses and we are also rewiring the way we work to drive faster growth. The changes were making will increase the effectiveness of our company as a whole. We are creating an organization that is very highly focused on generating demand for our products in markets around the world. We will be better positioned to know our consumers, to innovate to meet their needs and quickly respond to new marketplace trends. Our restructuring initiatives will generate cost savings that will provide fuel to reinvest for growth, while protecting margin. So that concludes our prepared remarks. I will now ask the operator to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from the line of Ken Zaslow from BMO Capital Markets. You may proceed, sir.
Ken Zaslow: Good morning, everyone.
Jeff Harmening: Hi, Ken.
Ken Powell: Hi, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Just a philosophical question. Each of the last couple of quarters, General Mills continues to find more cost-saving opportunities and if the U.S. packaged food volumes continue to temper over the next couple of years, you guys have said that you are looking to hold margins, protect margin and invest in growth. Why would you not think about doing it a little differently and saying look, let's expand margins and expect more modest growth? What is the philosophical reason for why you would be going your way rather than accepting maybe slower growth and expanding margins?
Ken Powell: Well Ken, thank you for the question. You know, over the mid and long term, our expectation will be that everyday food consumption in its many varieties of forms, whether it's in-home or through convenience channels or foodservice service channels, that fundamentally is going to be a good growth opportunity for us and we are going to see, after all a slowdown broadly across the industry, we are going to see those categories strengthen. We believe we will see unit volume strengthen some. We believe we are going to start to see, over time, a little bit of pricing come through as well. I think these are very clear expectations and very much the way the category has operated historically and our core belief is that we will see a return to those dynamics. And given that, we see the growth opportunity will strengthen and improve for that. And the way to capitalize on that very big, very core opportunity is to make sure that we are investing in innovation, we are ready to drive growth with renovation and innovation and the right kind of consumer marketing focus. So as we have said all along, also we are very, very focused, as you pointed out on productivity and margin expansion initiatives. We think that the programs that we have initiated recently that Don described around strengthening our supply chain, strengthening the U.S. organization through Project Catalyst, that will generate an additional stream of efficiency, if you will, over the next three to four years. And when you combine those two efforts, we see the opportunity going forward to maintain very solid levels of investments in innovation and marketing while protecting margins and delivering on our long-term financial model characteristics. So I guess, just to go back to the headline, our core belief is that food is going to be a big opportunity, continue to be a big opportunity. We will see our categories recover. We want to be ready to invest and capitalize on that with innovation and investment.
Ken Zaslow: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead, sir.
Eric Katzman: Hi. Good morning. Happy holidays, New Year to everybody.
Jeff Harmening: Hi, Eric.
Ken Powell: Hi, Eric.
Eric Katzman: I guess the rewiring and the adjustment within U.S. retail. So if I understand it correctly, so now basically Small Planet Foods doesn't exist and something like Cascadian Farms is going to report into the cereal head? Is that kind of how to think about it?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. That's right.
Eric Katzman: Okay and so this, as much of an opportunity as the organic market presents and obviously you kind of agree given the Annie's purchase, you are talking about $600 million or $700 million in sales out of $10 billion or $11 billion. And so like how does shareholders, why shouldn't they be concerned that what is a relatively small and lower margin but growth business doesn't get lost in the $10 billion or $11 billion in revenue?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. Thanks for that question. I think it's primarily a matter of a couple of things. The first is our historical track record. I me we brought Small Planet Foods into this $10 billion business over a decade ago and we have been growing at double digits since we have done that. And so we are used to operating natural and organic businesses out of Minneapolis and have done it for quite a while. In addition to that, we have had several brands, including Liberte and Immaculate in our baking business that we have had in our operating units for some time already and we have liked how they performed. And far from getting lost, what we have found is that not only have we been able to grow those businesses but also the understanding of the natural and organic consumer and what they are looking for has actually rubbed off on the rest of the people in the business. And so we think that there is an opportunity, not only to accelerate our growth for our natural and organic brands within these operating units, but also that the consumer understanding we generate there will have benefits for our other brands as well.
Eric Katzman: Okay and then I guess can you, Ken, maybe and with Don, can you talk a bit about just the promotional environment? I guess you are talking about, in addition to HMM, you are talking about hundreds and hundreds of millions of savings relative to, what is it, $2.8 billion or so of EBIT and it seems that in the industry, at the moment, it's kind of a bit of a fight to the bottom. All of your competitors are taking massive restructuring and yet, whether it's HMM or more specific restructuring efforts, those EBIT dollars and maybe this is kind of a little bit to what Ken was alluding to, the EBIT savings or the savings are just not showing up, whether it's better sales or expanding margins. So why should we be comfortable that the dynamic changes and that the shareholder is going to get the benefit of any of these efforts?
Ken Powell: Well, Eric, if I understand your question, it is similar to Ken's question. I think that in categories, both broadly defined and narrowly defined that have growth potential and offer high opportunities for innovation and behavior, which is consuming food in a variety of ways that's clearly going to grow. I think that our shareholders should expect us to deliver on all three of the variables that you mentioned. we should be delivering some growth. We should be delivering margin. We should be delivering earnings per share. And so, again, our philosophy, if you will, our core beliefs are that we are talking about overall universe that is over $1 trillion in sales opportunity and it's on us to find the innovation and the growth opportunities that will drive our topline and it would be really a grave error to not really pursue those very aggressively. So our approach is to deliver balanced growth. Our model, financial metrics, we think that that is the right way to run the business. And so that's the approach. I will ask my colleagues to jump in. Don, if you want to add anything to that or?
Don Mulligan: I will just expand on the point on balance. Eric, as you know, our return model to shareholders has always been balance between earnings growth and cash return. When you talk about growth versus margin expansion or sales growth versus margin expansion, I would apply the same balance term to it. We are going to generate a sizable amount of savings as we talked about today. We are going to reinvest a portion of that to help drive growth, which is by far the most sustainable way to create value for our shareholders. We are also going to use a part of it to protect our margins. Hence you are going to see a very balanced approach to how we look going forward and again very similar to what we have done in a larger scale between our earnings and cash, apply the same thought process and approach to sales growth and margin.
Ken Powell: And just to, maybe, pile on a little bit, Eric, as we look across our portfolio, we see so many examples of innovation driven growth. Our concern is not that we can't innovate. Our focus is on delivering more innovation because, to us, that's clearly the way forward. I made a few comments on convenience and foodservice, our business there, which competes in low growth segments in low single-digit growth. We are doing very well in that segment. Now it's all driven by innovation. It's driven by innovation in yogurt, innovation in what our offerings to the foodservice operator. It's all about innovation. As you look across the cereal portfolio, I think Jeff commented on our wellness offerings, our indulgent case, there's just plenty of examples of where you get it right, the consumer responds pretty markedly. So we have this very strong belief that innovation is the way forward for us. There is clear evidence that that is true. We need more of it. And so the approach to the rewiring of the organization that we are pursuing now is very much on a more focused leaner innovation focused structure that will deliver these ideas faster.
Jeff Harmening: That's right and so when we look at it, we have a good understanding of where the consumer is and we feel like we have a really good understanding of where they are going. Whether it's in better-for-you snacking or whether it's in wellness or what they expect of the economic value for their products. And so, because we feel like we have a good idea, when we innovate well and we spend behind it, we like the results. And I will give you a couple of examples. Look at Yoplait Original Yogurt, which is up double digits. And it's all behind the renovation of the product and advertising behind the insight that Yoplait Original is really a better-for-you snack that the whole family loves. And so when we see that we can drive growth on that. The same would be true of Cinnamon Toast Crunch and adding cinnamon and giving a product that delights consumers and executing well against that. The same would be true of Old El Paso when we have flavored shelves and we come out and we grow that business by double digits. And so we see a lot of opportunities and we see those opportunities. We need to pair that with where the consumer is going and we need to invest behind those. And so as Ken said, it really is about innovation and increasing the levels of innovation. We have an innovation that's going to be meaningful to where consumers are and where they are going to be.
Ken Powell: Okay, Eric. I think we have beaten that one to death. We better move on.
Eric Katzman: Yes. I will pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew Grainger: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Happy New Year.
Ken Powell: Hi, Matthew.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew Grainger: Hi. So Don, just the earnings for the quarter came in a little bit ahead of the prior range that you had laid out across the business segments. Was there anything in particular that changed or improved as you actualized the quarter?
Don Mulligan: No. Matt, the quarter actually came in largely as we expected. There was a little bit of phasing on expenses that helped the quarter, but not good enough, obviously for us to more our full-year expectations. But what I would say about the quarter, it was very solid versus what our expectations were and that provides a little extra dose of confidence as we think about delivering our full-year guidance. But I wouldn't take anything away from the quarter in terms of the flavor of the full year is really more expense phasing in the quarter.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, thanks. And just in the context of all the innovation you have had year-to-date, what you have in the second half, advertising in the U.S. and overall is still down mid-single digits, I think during the first half. So where should we think about the full-year coming in? And can you just help us put that mid-single digit decline into context in terms of what it translates to in terms of reach and your selection of media and how you are seeing overall advertising effectiveness?
Don Mulligan: Yes. Well, that was one of the expense areas that we had some phasing that will come back in the second half. We do expect for the full year now advertising to be down a touch from last year. And part of that, quite honestly, is just being very selective of where we put our advertising, making sure we are putting it behind our best ideas. But don't over read anything into the second quarter and I will turn the mic in a second to Jeff. But in the U.S., for example, while our accrual expense was down, the actual spending in the marketplace and pressure in the marketplace was more level to last year. Thus we don't see that as an overriding concern in the quarter. We expect the full-year, though to be down just a touch as we really reallocate those dollars during the course of the year. Jeff?
Jeff Harmening: To build on that, it really is in the U.S., we expect our advertising and media expense to be down just a little bit for the year. So it really is primarily a matter of timing for the quarter and in terms of the vehicles we invest in, we have a really good idea about the vehicles and what they return and how they work. Whether that is through social media or search or TV or sampling and so we allocate our dollars according to what we think is going to be most effective and we have a good idea across vehicles what that looks like.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, thanks. And I guess is that more a function of just cutting back some of the breadth of where you are spending? Or is that partially a judgment call on whether some of the vehicles you may have used in the past are seeing the same level of effectiveness that they would have historically?
Jeff Harmening: It's not really a matter of the vehicles changing effectiveness versus what we have seen historically. But we want to make sure that we are investing behind the programs and initiatives that are going to be most valuable for our consumers and the messages that is going to rally resonate with them. So it really is not a matter of seeing less effectiveness. It is a matter of making sure that we are spending our shareholder money wisely behind initiatives that the consumer is going to value.
Matthew Grainger: Okay. All right. Thanks again everyone.
Ken Powell: Yes. Thanks, Matthew.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Baumgartner: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Jeff or Ken, just in light of the reduced guidance last month and then the comments today about the tough operating environment, just how are you thinking about the impact of lower gas prices on the consumer and maybe for your center store volumes, either for your categories or for the industry as a whole? Didn't hear much about that in the prepared comments this morning.
Jeff Harmening: Well, as we look forward, like anytime, there are puts and takes. And while it is certainly true that consumers, especially at the lower end of the economic scale, are still challenged. That I think will not change. Having said that, certainly having lower gas prices, if that remains to be the case going forward, that should be helpful. And as should the fact that we are lapping reductions in the snack programs which we started lapping in November. And so you know, those two things, I think are positive and help balance out what we still think will be a challenging environment.
John Baumgartner: Okay. So you are factoring in your back-half guidance some benefit from lower gas prices and a little bit of relief for the consumer then?
Jeff Harmening: Mostly what we are factoring in our back half guidance, John, is how we assess the innovation that we have and the programs and initiatives. We really look at what we are controlling and what we are doing. It's nice that, we might have what was a bit of a headwind now becomes a tailwind. But that's not strategy for us. That's the environment. It's still on us to do things that drive growth. And so as we think about the back half or look at the back half, we are looking at the new products and the marketing initiatives and these kinds of things and we think those are going to help us push it forward a bit here over the next two quarters.
John Baumgartner: Thanks, Ken. Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
David Palmer: Good morning, everyone.
Ken Powell: Hi, David.
David Palmer: A question on the marketing direction for Cheerios and your confidence in getting that trademark back to growth from what looks like mid-single digit declines in standard data. In the past, it looked like Cheerios was coming up with new flavors, driving trademark growth with that. The recent innovation looks so, with Ancient Grains and the GMO-free yellow box conversion, it looks like more of an grading quality renovation plus innovation strategy. Do you think that's a fair characterization of what you are going to continue to do? Do you think that's working?
Jeff Harmening: As we look at Cheerios, what I would tell you is that our base business, which is the non-promoted business has gotten better, quarter-to-quarter as look from the first quarter to the second quarter. and certainly part of it is the new product introduction of Cheerios protein but also we have seen improvements on our regular core yellow box Cheerios or original Cheerios and on Honey Nut Cheerios. And for us, I think the key is to make sure that we keep Cheerios, whether it is through product renovation or whether it is through new products, that we keep it relevant for our consumers. So we are looking for things that are minimally processed. And certainly talking about oats and Cheerios, it is something we have started to do and we like the way that looks. But we think we also have more work to do on Cheerios, whether it is through new products or the renovation that we currently have and we will be excited to tell you more about some more specifics about those plans when we come to CAGNY in February.
David Palmer: Yes and one follow-up question on Annie's. I wonder how you think of the extendibility of that brand? Just to stretch the point, could there be an Annie's cereal in the future that you think would make sense?
Jeff Harmening: A couple of things on Annie's. I am glad you asked about Annie's. Most importantly, first the performance of Annie's actually accelerated in the second quarter of this year and so it was the testament to the Annie's leadership team as well as how we are integrating it within General Mills. Beyond that, we see a lot of opportunity with Annie's in growth. The first is through distribution of their existing products. The second, I would say as I talked about, is expansion into some new categories. And Annie's had been planning from expansions. We think we can complement that with some of our own capabilities. And so while I am ready to talk about specifics of what those look like right now, again in a couple months, I will be more than happy to share the direction. But we see growth opportunities for Annie's and for us it's most important as a matter of prioritizing ones we want to go after first, because we see so many opportunities, both in the distribution and in entering new categories.
David Palmer: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed, sir.
Ken Powell: Hi, Jason.
Jason English: Hi, guys. Thanks for the question. First a bit of a housekeeping question. So far this year you have bought back a lot of shares, hefty dividend distribution. You have had to take on some levers to fund that. It reads like a slow levered recap. Is that the right way to read it? And if so, how comfortable are you in terms of taking that leverage ratio up?
Don Mulligan: Jason, obviously we are comfortable, otherwise we wouldn't have done it. But we came into the year with our leverage ratios little lower than our long-term goals. And so we had, if you will, have an opportunity to lever a little bit. Annie's gave us a great use for those funds. And that's actually what's driving the leverage. It's not the share repurchases and dividends. It's the fact that we bought a great new property in Annie's and given our balance sheet strength to be able to pay for it fully in debt. So we feel very comfortable with our capital position.
Jason English: Okay, thanks and Ken, a quick question for you, or anyone who wants to comment on it. I want to go back to the comment on innovation-driven growth. From the outside looking in, the look at the industry and SKU proliferation appears systemic with nearly everyone spinning away on the innovation treadmill. I think every quarter for the last few years we have heard you and your peers trumpet the upcoming innovation success that's expected to follow but we just really haven't seen the evidence. Distribution points grow and volume still bleeds out. It has all the red flags of an industry ripe for portfolio rationalization and we have seen that play out at Heinz, Kellogg, ConAgra and even to Kraft at a modest degree but you and Campbell have really bucked the trend. So I guess my question is, how can we have faith that your innovation is working in context of your persistent topline shortfall? How have you avoided the rationalization to-date? How can you slide into the next round of innovation without sacrificing your existing shelf space? And what's your view of whether or not it's time to examine your own portfolio for rationalization?
Ken Powell: So let me just make a couple of general comments, Jason. First of all, I think that you are talking about SKU proliferation and that kind of direction of questioning. I think that's a very legitimate and fair comment and I think it's on us to make sure that we are working to keep our house in order and make sure that hard-working SKUs are on the shelf and taking, if they are not working, get rid of them, if we would be better off with a smaller, more productive range, then by all means we should do that. And frankly that kind of work has been very much a part of the HMM process over the years. We know that rebalancing product portfolios around the highest turning, highest productive and cutting SKUs is a very, very effective strategy for us and for our retailers. So that kind of discipline, we will continue to do them. And I think that your question and the implied challenge there is very legitimate. Having said that, we know that innovation is very effective because as I said earlier, we have so many of examples of what it does for us when it works. Now granted, all of it doesn't work as well as we would hope. There are winners and losers here, but our job is to get rid of the losers, cut our losses, move on, focus on the winners and continue to bring new ideas to the consumer, especially now in this era where we see consumer values about food and consumer desires around food changing in so many ways. It's really an era of change and if our answer to that is to not change, that's a huge mismatch. So with all this change going on with millennial values and how they see food, the time is ripe for good consumer focused innovation. We get it right, capitalize on that change, it's a real opportunity for us and that's really how we see the environment. I don't know if you want to add anything, Jeff?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. My addition to that would be that when we talk about innovation, we have to be careful that we don't only about in terms of new product, but also the renovation of our existing portfolio. And we need to do both. For us, it's an add. We need big sustainable new items, but we also need to make sure that we are renovating our product mix to we keep them relevant. And when we do that and we do that well, we really like what we see. That's why I have highlighted Cinnamon Toast Crunch this morning, whose baselines have grown at 20% in the last quarter. It's based on better product. That's why we have highlighted gluten-free Chex, whose turnaround was not based on new product innovation, but was based on innovation of the existing product and the same would be true of Yoplait Original. And so, Jason, I think the observations you make, as Ken said, is fair. But I think one of the things that we are really focused on is we are making sure the we are innovating, not only on our new product line, but also on making sure that we are renovating our existing products.
Jason English: Okay, that's helpful.
Jeff Harmening: Okay. Thanks. Jason. Thanks for the question. We appreciate it.
Kris Wenker: Operator, let's sneak one in here before we are out of time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Ken Powell: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Don Mulligan: Good morning.
Jeff Harmening: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Can you hear me?
Jeff Harmening: Yes. We can hear you fine. Yes. Good morning to you too.
Chris Growe: Thank you. I just had a question for you then on the U.S. retail division. I guess maybe for Ken or for Jeff. But I want to understand, you have had advertising down a little bit year-to-date. It sounds like it will be maybe down modestly for the full year. And then promotional spending, at least, has sequentially decelerated a bit. Is there an investment whether it's advertising or it's promotion that you think needs to happen to get these topline growth going again in that division? And maybe related to that, the new products which I thought was a good lineup in your first half of the fiscal year, I think some of those have actually done relatively well, don't seem to be contributing as much as I expected overall to sales. Are they more cannibalizing the existing business? Or if you could work that in, fold that in, if you will, to your answer?
Jeff Harmening: Well, as we look about what we need to do going forward, it really is a matter of increasing the amount of innovation we have and whether that's on existing products or the new products. That is our number one priority. But in addition to that, we need to back that up with spending behind those good ideas that we have, which is why Don earlier talked about making sure that we are going to be reinvesting some of the savings we generate from program such as Catalyst and Century into topline growth. The other key, I think, is that as we look at our new product lineup, we are really focused on the sustainability of our new items. And for that reason, we will have fewer new items in our second half, but we will have bigger new items in our second half. And this focus on making sure that our new product innovation is sustainable, big sustainable new items, I think is going to be important for us. And it goes back to the question that was asked just a minute ago. So for us to return our U.S. business to growth, it really is a matter of sustainable new product innovation backed by increasing levels of core brand innovation and marketing expenditures that back those things up.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you for that. And just one quick follow-up, maybe for Don. If I heard right, Don, is the inflation in the first half any different from the second half? I think you had said around 3% inflation in the second half as well. Is that correct?
Don Mulligan: Yes. That is correct, Chris.
Chris Growe: Okay. So things like dairy cost and grains, there aren't going to be as much of a benefit for the second half of the year? Is there, in particular, any inputs that we should watch out for in the second half of the year?
Don Mulligan: Yes. We have seen some pair of movements in a couple of areas you have mentioned, but we also, with the California drought earlier this year, seeing some ingredient cost increase. We are seeing sugar increasing. So there is enough offset there. And plus you factor in the hedge position that we came into the year with. We do see a pretty stable. Inflation as the year unfolds. Right at that 3%.
Chris Growe: Okay and then same on HMM or is there any real difference in the first half or second half savings from HMM?
Don Mulligan: No. it fairly stays there as well.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thanks so much for your time.
Ken Powell: Thanks, Chris.
Kris Wenker: Thanks, everybody. If there are questions remaining, you know where I live. Give me a call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation today and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-09-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kris Wenker - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Ken Powell - Chief Executive Officer Don Mulligan - Chief Financial Officer John Church - Executive Vice President, Global Supply Chain
Analysts: Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Chris Growe - Stifel Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Eric Katzman - Deutche Bank Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Ken Zaslow - BMO capital markets John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo David Driscoll - Citi Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the First Quarter Earnings Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, September 17, 2014. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kris Wenker, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Kris Wenker: Thanks, Operator. Good morning, everybody. I’m here with Ken Powell, our CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO; and John Church, Executive Vice President of our Global Supply Chain, and I’ll turn the call over to them in just a minute. Our press release on first quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It’s also posted on our website, if you need a copy. You can also find slides on our website that supplement this morning’s presentation. Our remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions. The second slide in today’s presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. One last housekeeping item, beginning this quarter we reclassified the balance sheet re-measurement impact from hyper inflationary economy, out of International segment operating profits and into an allocated corporate item. The last slide in today’s material will give you prior year results consistent with the new presentation. So, with that, I’ll turn you over to my colleague beginning with Don.
Don Mulligan: Thanks, Kris, and good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Slide four summarizes our results for the first quarter. Net sales totaled $4.3 billion, down 1% in constant currency. Segment operating profit totaled $690 million, 15% below prior year due to results in our U.S. Retail segment where lower volume and higher merchandising expense depressed net sales and margin. Net earnings declined 25% to $345 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.55 as reported. These results include mark-to-market valuation effects in restructuring expense. Excluding these items affecting comparability, adjusted diluted EPS was $0.61, compared to $0.70 a year ago. This was a 13% decline on a constant currency basis. Slide five shows the components of total company net sales growth. As reported, net sales declined 2% due to lower pound volume, mix and net price realization added 1 point of sales growth. That was offset by foreign exchange which reduced sales growth by 1 percentage point. U.S. Retail net sales for the first quarter were 5% below last year, reflecting weak industry trends, along with higher trade merchandising expense for us in this period. Our pound volume was down 2%, primarily driven by declines in meals and baking products. We saw pound volume growth in our Snacks, Small Planet Foods and Yoplait divisions for the quarter. The higher merchandising expense reflects several factors. We launched 145 new products across U.S. Retail, almost 20% above last year's number. We are experiencing less effectiveness for merchandising programs. This is an issue we and others in the industry have noted previously. And we had a difficult comparison. Last year’s first quarter had the lowest quarterly trade expense of the year. It’s important to note, however, that the increased trade expense in the quarter does not reflect greater depth of discount. Merchandising frequency was up in the quarter. The depth of discount was actually less than the prior year. We expect year-to-year differences in merchandising expense phasing to have less impact on subsequent quarters in fiscal 2015. In our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment, net sales increased 1% in the first quarter led by our high margin priority platforms. In total, these six platforms, yogurt, frozen breakfast, snacks, biscuits, cereal and mixes posted combined net sales growth of 4%. Favorable products and channel mix combined with lower input cost helped to drive an 18% increase in segment operating profit in the quarter. Slide 10 summarizes first quarter results for our International segment. Constant currency net sales grew 6% overall. Sales in Canada declined 2%. Excluding some small exits and addition of business lines, sales would have been up modestly in the quarter. Latin American sales increased 20% driven by another quarter of strong double-digit growth in Brazil. In the Asia-Pacific region, sales increased 4% led by greater China and Korea. And sales for our Europe region also increased 4% with good growth in both the U.K. and France. Slide 11 details our segment operating profit results in the first quarter. The total operating profit decline was driven by U.S. retails results. International profit was 16% above year ago levels and up 17% on a constant currency basis. In Convenience Stores and Foodservice, profit increased a robust 18%. After-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $26 million in the quarter, up 5% in constant currency. CPW sales were 1% below year ago levels in constant currency with growth in Brazil, Chile and Southeast Asia offset by category weakness in Western Europe. Constant currency sales for Häagen-Dazs Japan grew 3%. Completing our review of the income statement, corporate unallocated expense excluding mark-to-market effects were down $3 million in the quarter. During the first quarter, we approved a plan to combine certain Yoplait and General Mills’ operational facilities in our International segment to increase efficiencies and reduce costs. We expect to incur approximately $15 million of net expenses related to these actions and we booked $14 million of this amount in restructuring charges in the first quarter. In a moment, John Church will update you on our plans to increase efficiency and reduce costs across our North American supply chain network. This initiative will result in additional restructuring charges this year. All of our 2015 restructuring charges will be excluded from adjusted diluted EPS. Effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.8% as reported. Excluding items affecting comparability, the tax rate was 32.3% this year compared to 32.2% a year ago, an average diluted shares outstanding declined 5% in quarter. For the full year, we continue to target a 3% to 4% net reduction in average diluted shares outstanding. Turning to the balance sheet, slide 14 shows our core working capital declined 6% versus last year’s first quarter driven by improvements in accounts payable. Operating cash flow totaled $329 million in the quarter below last year's results due to lower net earnings. We invested $149 million in fixed assets and we returned more than $700 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Last week, we were pleased to announce plans to acquire Annie’s, a leading company in the U.S. natural organic industry. We have offered to buy Annie's for $46 per share in cash. We plan to fund the acquisition with debt. So this transaction is not expected of any impact on our fiscal 2015 share repurchase plans. We do expect the Annie’s transaction to be accretive to our earnings in the first 12 months after closing, excluding certain purchase accounting adjustments and transaction integration expenses. Our offer is subject to tender of the majority of the Annie’s shares and certain other customer closing conditions including regulatory approval. We expect the transaction to close later this calendar year. Our key financial targets for full year 2015 fiscal year have not changed. We expect mid-single-digit growth in constant currency net sales, including the benefit of the 53rd week. We are also targeting mid-single-digit growth in constant currency segment operating profit. We plan to reinvest the benefits of the 53rd week in growth driving activities. On the bottom-line, we expect adjusted diluted EPS to grow at a high-single-digit rate in constant currency from the base of $2.82 per share achieved in fiscal 2014. And with that, I will turn the microphone over to John Church. John?
John Church: Thanks, Don. Hello, everybody. It’s great to be with you on the call this morning to talk about General Mills’ approach to continuously improving our global supply chain. Our supply chain strategy is centered on the engagement of our 25,000 supply chain employees around the world. We leave that engagement with safety in our products and in our operations. We protect our consumers and our people by establishing systems and processes that ensure the reliability of our operations. Our supply chain helps grow our business with customer service excellence and increasingly by partnering with customers to drive out waste in our combined value chains, and we prioritize return on capital by reducing inventory levels, creating capacity through operational improvements, and by extending payment terms. Additionally, return on capital is driven by our long-standing practice of holistic margin management or HMM. HMM has been a defining characteristic of General Mills for nearly 10 years now. HMM in a mindset of looking at our end-to-end processes to identify waste -- to identify costs that are not valued by our customers or our consumers. Those costs are waste. We find ways to reduce or eliminate waste from our process allowing us to deliver more value to the consumer. HMM is truly holistic. It encompasses cost of goods savings, mix, and pricing. We also work to drive waste out of our marketing programs and our admin processes. The savings we realized through HMM are used to offset inflation -- and fuel -- and provide fuel to our brand building efforts. We believe the demand driven increases in input costs will be a reality for our business for this foreseeable future. We expect inflation to average 4% to 5% per year. We are currently estimating input costs inflation of 3% in fiscal 2015, and we're roughly 55% covered for the year at this point. Clearly, the demand for HMM to offset inflation is not subsiding. We're continuing to deliver strong HMM levels each year. Back in fiscal 2010, we set a goal of achieving a cumulative $4 billion in COGS HMM through fiscal 2020. I'm pleased to say that we’re already halfway to our goal. We are targeting another year of strong HMM delivery in 2015, with more than $400 million in COGS HMM in this year’s plan. I have great confidence that by the time we get to 2020 we will have met or possibly exceeded our $4 billion goal. Our HMM plans for 2015 include contributions from all areas of our supply chain. We are taking the same expertise we’ve developed in our internal supply chain to our external partners through an initiative we call GEOS or General Mills End-to-End Optimization Solutions. By broadening our HMM scope up and down the value chain to suppliers and customers, we expect GEOS to deliver an incremental $10 million in savings for General Mills this year. In International, we reengineered our factory in Pouso Alegre, Brazil. We streamlined a number of ingredients that we use in the facility going from six types of salt to two types of salt for example. We have improved production scheduling by removing small volume skews that created significant changeover downtime and we automated many of the packaging systems. In total, these initiatives will save more than $5 million annually for our Brazil business, and we’re globalizing our sourcing capabilities allowing us to leverage purchasing scale and expertise across our domestic and international businesses on inputs like packaging, sugar, fruit, and cocoa. These efforts are expected to deliver $10 million in savings this year. Our HMM efforts have enabled us to hold our overall gross margin relatively steady in recent years, despite inflation and volatility in our input costs. In fact, our reported gross margin in fiscal 2014 is in line with the levels from 2008 and '09. That’s despite adding Yoki in Yoplait International to substantial businesses with lower than company average gross margins and despite cumulative input cost inflation of 30% over that time. We are confident that HMM will be an ongoing source of cost savings and efficiency for our supply chain. But we have also launched a review of our North American manufacturing and distribution network to look for additional opportunities to reduce cost. This effort which we’ve renamed Project Century has the objectives of streamlining and simplifying our North American operations and positioning our supply chain for future growth. We’re relocating production to make our network simpler and more responsive and we will capture cost savings in the process. We’re targeting $100 million in cumulative cost savings by fiscal 2017 with material savings realized in beginning of fiscal 2016. We’ll be announcing specific actions related to Project Century in the very near future. I'm confident this initiative will increase our efficiency, generating more fuel that we can use to reinvest behind our brands and fund future growth initiatives. Thank you for your time this morning. I’ll turn the call over to Ken Powell.
Ken Powell: Thank you, John, and good morning to one and all. I’ll begin my remarks by acknowledging that the operating environment in several of our markets has grown more challenging. For our U.S. Convenience Stores and Foodservice business, I would say, trends are stable. We’re seeing low single-digit nominal growth in our channels. U.S. Retail industry trends are a bit weaker. Last year we saw aggregate retail sales for our U.S. categories increase one half of a percent in Nielsen measured outlets. In the latest quarter, measured sales for our categories declined 1%. International developed markets were a bit softer too. Retail sales for our categories were flat in both Canada and Europe in the first quarter, after growing at low single-digit rate last year. In emerging markets, we’re still seeing sales growth for our businesses, but the pace of growth in China did slow a bit this quarter. So with that as a backdrop, let me give you an update on performance in each of our three business segments. For U.S. Retail, Don told you, our pound volume in the quarter was down 2% and three businesses really drove that decline, dessert mixes, meal products and frozen vegetables. Competitive dynamics in these categories were particularly difficult and if you follow Nielsen or IRI, you see that reflected in our market share results. We’re tactically adjusting our plans to make sure we’re competitive in these categories and I expect these actions will result in improved sales trends in the coming months. We did make good progress on the U.S. priorities that Jeff Harmening outlined at our Investor Day back in July and those were continuing to lead performance in U.S. cereal, returning U.S. yogurt to growth and maintaining strong snacks momentum. I’ll give you some details on each of these starting with cereal. The U.S. cereal category continues to be challenged with retail sales, including our estimate of non-measured channels down 4% in the first quarter. We believe that returning the cereal category to growth will require more product news, better innovation and increased investment behind consumer-directed marketing from all the branded players. We are working hard across each of these areas. For instance, consumers love great tasting cereals. We renovated Cinnamon Toast Crunch this year adding more cinnamon taste and retail sales for this brand were up 7% in the quarter. Today's consumers are seeking more protein options for breakfast. We introduced two flavors of Cheerios protein in June. It still early but the initial results are encouraging. This new line reached a nearly 1% market share in August. We continue to increase our media investment. For example, Honey Nut Cheerios, the largest brand in the category recently launched a great new advertising campaign featuring Usher. In total, our cereal market share was up 30 basis points to 31% in the quarter. Our second priority for U.S. Retail is to renew sales momentum for our U.S. Yogurt business and we did that in the first quarter with net sales up 1%, retail sales up 3% and market share up a 0.5 point. Yoplait Greek and Greek 100 remained key growth drivers for this business. This quarter our share in the Greek segment was up 240 basis points versus last year and retail sales for original Yoplait were up 12% in the first quarter. We have some exciting product news coming in the second half of the year to keep this momentum going. We still have work to do on our Yoplait Light business. It was the most directly impacted by the growth of Greek yogurt over the past few years. We recently removed aspartame from this line and we’re connecting with consumers behind the new outsmart temptation campaign. So some good progress on yogurt this quarter, and our U.S. Snacks division is off to a nice start. New Fiber One Streusel bars and new Nature Valley items are helping to drive 6% retail sales growth for our grain snacks business. We picked up almost three additional share points, increasing our leading position in grain snacks to nearly 44% of the category. In fruit snacks, continued investment behind our Mott’s and Fiber One lines led to retail sales growth of 5% and a two point share increase in the first quarter. Our natural and organic snacks also are doing well. Retail sales across Lärabar nutrition bars, Food Should Taste Good savory snacks, and Cascadian Farm granola bars were up a combined 17% in the first quarter. This reflects growth on core established products as well as strong new innovations like Lärabar Renola, a grain-free granola and Food Should Taste Good gluten-free brown rice crackers. Cascadian Farm recently launched a bee-friendlier campaign to raise awareness and money for bee colony research. As part of a campaign, we are selling a limited edition Buzz Crunch Honey Almond cereal. The acquisition of Annie's will significantly expand our presence in the U.S. branded, organic, and natural food industry, where sales have been growing at a 12% compound rate over the last 10 years. Annie's competes in a number of attractive food categories, with particular strength in convenient meals and snacks to General Mills priority platforms. Consumers know and trust Annie's purpose-driven culture and authentic brand. We believe that combining the Annie's product portfolio and go-to-market capabilities with General Mills supply chain, sales and marketing resources will accelerate the growth of our organic and natural food business. Two others U.S. retail businesses deserve a quick mention. Retail sales for Totino’s Pizza were up 7% in the quarter and sales for Totino's Pizza Rolls grew more than 3%. The brand posted share gains of roughly one point in both categories. For Old El Paso Mexican products, new burrito balls in the freezer case and flavor blasted taco shells in the shelf-stable Mexican aisle helped drive retail sales growth of 7% in the first quarter. And slide 35 shows our first quarter market share results in key U.S. retail categories. In total, consumer takeaway was better than our net sales results in the quarter and we recorded market share increases in categories, representing two-thirds of our Nielsen measured sales. Let’s shift to our Convenience and Foodservice segment where our six priority platforms led topline growth. Net sales for yogurt increased 34% due to good growth from our Yoplait Greek and ParfaitPro lines as well as the July introduction of Yoplait Go-GURT as an option in McDonald's Happy Meals. Sales for our snack business were up 6% led by expansion of Chex Chips and good growth on Nature Valley. Finally, we saw double-digit net sales growth in frozen breakfast where we’re leveraging a full line of heat-and-eat whole grain breakfast offerings for K through 12 schools. For our International business, the Europe and Australasia region posted mid-single-digit net sales growth in constant currency in the first quarter. It was a good summer for Häagen-Dazs with retail sales up 5%, fueled by our new triple sensations line. Old El Paso's line of Stand 'N Stuff Tortillas and Dinner Kits is off to a great start around the region. Retail sales for the brand were up 12% in the latest quarter and Yoplait continues to grow led by Liberté Greek-style yogurt in the U.K. and Yopa! high protein yogurt in France. Yoplait’s year-to-date category share is up almost a [four point] (ph) in both markets. Turning to our Asia Pacific region, constant currency net sales for Häagen-Dazs increased 9%. This was driven by unique to Asian varieties like classic milk and blueberries and cream, and by continued retail expansion into new cities in China. Sales of Wanchai Ferry frozen dim sum also increased in the first quarter. Thanks to expanded distribution, as well as new flavors of dumplings. There is a slowdown in the macro environment in China, which combined with government driven changes in gifting policy is having some impact on our business there. Despite these factors, our first quarter constant currency sales in Greater China grew at a mid single-digit rate with an exciting lineup of new products coming in the second half, we expect Greater China sales growth to strengthen in the remainder of the year. In Latin America, constant currency net sales increased by 20% in the first quarter, powered by another quarter of strong results in Brazil. Yoki's Festa Junina merchandising event, which coincided with the world soccer championship this year was a great success. A great deal of credit goes to the Yoki’s sales force who secured a record number of in-store displays during this period. As a result, constant currency net sales for Yoki Popcorn, already the market leader with over 70% share, increased by more than 30% in the quarter. And though it's still early, our launch of Betty Crocker dessert mixes in Brazil are off to a good start with positive consumer and retailer feedback. We have plenty of activity coming in the second quarter, Soup Season is fast approaching and our distribution is up. Thanks to new items like cream-based light soups and great tasting traditional soups. We are increasing our media support this quarter, leveraging Weight Watchers digital media and our taste-focused national TV campaign. And we have great plans for the baking season too. We are launching 11 seasonal items such as Candy Corn and Gingerbread Cookies. We are increasing TV support for Betty Crocker and we will continue to engage consumers through our digital media efforts. We have exciting plans for our International business. We have quickly gained distribution on Old El Paso Stand ‘N Stuff tortillas throughout our Europe region and we are now turning on TV support in U.K., France and Australia. We are continuing strong media support for Liberté Greek yogurt in the U.K. and Yopa! in France and we are launching four new Yopa! items to extend our range. In the Asia-Pacific region, we are introducing new varieties of Betty Crocker mixes in the Middle East and a Belgian chocolate macadamia nut flavor of Häagen-Dazs for our Retail business in Greater China. So, with that, let me summarize today's General Mills update. The operating environment for food and beverage companies remains quite challenging and trends weakened for some markets in the latest quarter. However, we've not changed our 2015 growth targets. We expect mid single-digit growth in net sales and segment operating profit on constant currency basis, and high single-digit constant currency growth in adjusted diluted EPS. We continue to see strong opportunities for our brands. Our number one priority is to find those opportunities and leverage them to accelerate our topline growth. And finally, as John shared, we are maintaining our strong HMM discipline and we are initiating new projects to further boost our efficiency and sharpen our focus. So, I thank you for your time this morning and for your interest in General Mills. Now let's open the call for questions. Operator, will you get us going.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Ken Powell: Hi, Ken.
Don Mulligan: Good morning.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Hi. I have a bit of general question. What do you think has to happen for the food industry to get out of, to me, what seems to be the fairly self-destructive pattern of heavy promotional spending right now? Do we just need and this is really across a lot of categories? I'm just curious, if someone just have to say enough is enough, I am going to loose volume in order to restore some, I guess, price rationality or are you just getting so much pressure you being the industry from large retailers to fund deal back that even if you want to be more rational it might be a little difficult at the current time?
Ken Powell: So, Ken, its Ken Powell, and thank you for the question. I would say that we have albeit Q1 aside. And we can talk in more detail about how that played out in the comparison of this quarter to a year ago and some of the plumbing around that. But I would say in general as we look at price points, as we look at promotional discounts and this sort of thing, we have maintained fairly steady levels there across our categories. But to your general comment on what’s it going to take industry wide, I think all the roads lead to higher levels of innovation. I'm continuing to focus on brand renovation making sure that we have the right level of messaging behind our core brands and new products. I mean, I think ultimately innovation and capitalizing on consumer trends is what gets -- what gets us to higher levels of growth. And the reason we’re so certain of that is because we see that when we get that formula right, we get a very market response from consumers. We talked a little bit about some of the cereal changes in Cinnamon Toast Crunch, Lucky Charms. Last quarter, we’re seeing the response very rapidly. This quarter we have developed now over the last year and a half and launched very good varieties of Greek Yogurt as an example and in support of those with very effective marketing campaigns and it’s very satisfying now for us to see those products to gain traction. We changed the formulation in the positioning of our core Yoplait original and that brand was up double digit this quarter. So behind consumer targeted initiatives, so ultimately the answer to your question, which I think is the right question is innovation, core renovation, strong consumer communication, that will get us where we need to be.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Right. Thank you, Ken.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Hi. Good morning.
Ken Powell: Hey, Chris.
Don Mulligan: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Hi. I just had two questions I could. First one will be to just to better understand maybe this is with getting a more into the detail you were talking about there, Ken but within U.S retail to see sales down 5% and the measured channel data showing flat up a little bit, down a little bit, somewhere in that neighborhood. So I just want to better understand maybe this is the promotional spending year-over-year and that comparison that is the major driver of the GAAP if you will, sales in reported consumption and reported sales. Can you offer a little more color on it?
Don Mulligan: Yeah. Chris, this is Don. It really goes back to the point that Ken touched on that one into -- in terms of the phasing of our merchandising, as we talked about in June or July in our Investor Day. We’ve seen drop in merchandising effectiveness. We, General Mills, we the industry have seen that and it does take some time to reset the plans. And so we knew that the year unfolded that our merchandising expense whether you look at it as a percent of sales or cost per sold case, it will come down on year-over-year comparisons. But it’s going to take couple of quarters to work it through so that’s one of the reason that we signal that we expected lower profit in the first quarter versus last year where we still see full-year growth in the high-single digits.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Okay. And then maybe a question for Don -- you or for John about the cost savings coming through this year. So with little softer sales in the first quarter, I know you kept your guidance in place for the year. Do you now expect a heavier degree of cost savings may be along those if you could -- I know we have $400 million, I think of HMM savings, $40 million overhead savings, so are there any project entry savings that have come through this year?
Don Mulligan: Minimal projects entry as John said, we’re going to be starting that effort this year. We’ll see significant savings starting in ‘16. We’re not making that a great deal this year. It’s mostly going to come from our overhead efforts. And obviously there is the ongoing both HMM efforts that we see within our COGS, within our overhead expenses. First, when we you start the year like we have, everyone is tightening their belt a bit from an admin standpoint. And the one thing I would notice is that we did see growth in our media support. So that's one area because we have good ideas to drive growth in some of our key segment and some of our key platforms. We haven't cut back. What we’re doing it is really an overhead in some of those project areas we discussed. We’re still targeting the $40 million for this year and it would be something larger in F‘16.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Would you expect the gross margin to grow this year, Don?
Don Mulligan: Yes.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Okay, thank you.
Don Mulligan: We still expect it to grow modestly.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi. I guess two questions. I guess, I was a little unclear as to why U.S. retail profits will get better during the course of the year. I think Don you said that it's taking some time to adjust your promotional spending tactics. So maybe just a little more detail on why was the spending so high in first quarter. You mentioned frequency, I mean, were you just having very frequent deals and now you won't for the rest of the year and therefore the profits will be stronger, just a little more clarity there. And then secondly on the restructuring programs, I haven't seen anywhere how much the programs is going to cost in terms of cash costs or hit the P&L. Could you give us some help there?
Don Mulligan: So let me start with the USRO profit first and then I’ll frame up the Q1 if you thinking about the profit decline in the first quarter for USRO. You know about half of that was because of the trade phasing and the merchandising effectiveness we talked about. There was another, probably third from negative mix, product mix and then a bit from volume. As I said, we didn’t -- we held our media investment behind, some of the good ideas that Ken took us through. So as the year unfolds, we expect a couple of things to happen. First, our price mix will improve as the merchandising effectiveness evens out and our trade spends phasing rebalances versus last year again as we -- as we try to highlight. Not only is there a merchandise effectiveness opportunity for us, we also set absolutely lower trade spend in our first quarter last year versus balance of that year and this year the phasing is really reverse of that. So that will be the first thing. Second is we do expect volumes to improve. We look at the phasing of last year’s volume growth. The comps get easier as the year unfolds. And so we expect that to improve. And then we expect the mix as well not to be as negative in the first quarter as it was in the first quarter. So that -- and again strong overhead control and some of the benefit of that $40 million in overhead savings will accrue to our U.S. retail business. Those are the factors that give us confidence. So we’re going to see better profit as the year unfolds. In terms of the restructuring charges, as I hope you understand, we want to make sure that we inform everybody internally on what those changes are before we start talking about numbers either in terms of positions or dollars. What I will tell you is that there will be some severance of fixed asset write-offs, probably about half of it will be non-cash when we do give you the figures.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Ken Powell: Rob, let me just jump in and add a couple of comments to your first question which you know had to do with rest of the year. So I think Don explained well that we expect to see sort of reduction or elimination of these negatives that we saw in Q1. You know, coupled with that there are number of positives, I think, that are going to continue to work for us. First of all, as we say we have good marketing initiatives and we have -- we're planning an increase in consumer directed marketing this year. Second of all, yogurt, which you know, has been a drag for the last couple of years is going to be a positive as we go forward. We’re quite encouraged by what we’re seeing there. And then we feel we’d like to start in spite of the comment that we made about China. We do like our start in International especially in Canada and Western Europe which are our biggest markets. We like what’s happening there and we also like what we’re seeing in that convenience and food service business, which is off to a very strong start. So we see a number of positives that we’re going to continue to press for us here over the course of the year. And then as Don said, we have a very good control of costs and overheads, better than plan that will continue. So I think those are kind of the way we’re looking at the balance of the year.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: But is it fair to say that U.S. retail mid single-digit profit growth maybe you are going to be a little bit below that. But it could be made up for by stronger International and Convenience Stores or are you maintaining the segment guidance for the year?
Don Mulligan: Yeah, Rob, I think it is fair to say there’s going to be probably a mix shift if you look at how the year started for us. We said we’re going to be down in the first quarter. We were -- we're actually on the bottom line working materially of our own internal plan. But we did have some favorable results in Convenience and Foodservice and International offset by some weaker than planned results in USRO. I think those trends will probably have some impact on our full-year outlook for those businesses.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with General Mills.
Ken Powell: Hey, Eric, welcome to the team.
Eric Katzman - General Mills: I have a buy recommendation, but I wouldn’t go that far. Okay. Let’s talk a little bit about sales to start. So you’ve got Annie's, but currency is more of a headwind. So where do you think dollar reported sales given the -- in addition the promotion and the first quarter miss? Where do you see like dollar reported sales coming in using all other things, including M&A?
Ken Powell: With M&A, it depends obviously when we are closing Annie's, but I wouldn’t tell you that we signaled through the couple set headwind from a forex standpoint on EPS, so let’s around that to a 1%. You can probably apply that same percent on our net sales if you’re going to get the reported numbers. Annie's is a $200 million, it would be more than that, but then we closed given its growth rate, $1 million business, and we are projecting to close that this calendar year. So we will probably get half a year of sales from that business as well. So add a $100 million for Annie’s or more and take off about a 1% from forex on top of the mid-single-digit guidance that we’ve given you on constant currency. That will probably range in the ballpark.
Eric Katzman - General Mills: Okay. And then I guess the second question has to go with the new products. It seems like you’re really emphasizing all the new product launches both in your last call and at the Analyst Day. Can you make the point that this year is really all about growth? Is this first quarter where U.S. retail albeit in a very tough environment? Do the new products not as successful as you would've hoped initially? Or was it just promotion on the core that overwhelmed what is new product success, maybe you could kind of expand out a bit?
Ken Powell: We like our new products lineup which I commented on in my remarks. Cheerios Protein is off to a very strong start. The snack products, Strudel, the Nature Valley, they have been good. We think the soups, the light cream soups will be very good. The OEP products that we’ve launched -- Old El Paso, I beg your pardon. Chris, those flavored shelves will be quite good. I mean, as we go down that, our U.S. portfolio, we feel very good about those. The Foodservice -- Convenience and Foodservice business is entirely driven by new product innovation, whether it’s Go-GURT and McDonald’s or new varieties of Greek, new chips, new offerings to K-12s. We like the innovation there, and we have good innovation across Haagen-Dazs and Old El Paso in Europe. So the new products are very much important for us and part of the mix. The issue in Q1 is primarily the trade and the merchandising impact, which, as we said, will normalize as the year goes forward, and those new product contributions I think will be more visible.
Don Mulligan: And Eric what I will detail also is Ken shared that chart on a market share performance. And while the categories aren’t growing at the rate that we had maybe originally planned, our competitive situation is pretty strong. We have two-thirds of our growing share and two-thirds of our category sales. And so I think that would not happen without some meaningful contributions from our new products.
Ken Powell: Maybe one other point, Eric maybe one other detail here to point, to make, but it’s worth pointing out, we did see particularly in our dessert mix business this summer Betty Crocker mixes. We saw a very competitive promotional environment there. And if you watch our shares, you saw that business down quite a bit, and as to a lesser extent vegetables. And so I think there were some competitiveness issues there. And as we kind of tactically adjust if you will and head into the fall and winter baking season which is where we concentrate our program, we would expect those businesses which were volume drag also in Q1 again to become more of a contributor.
Eric Katzman - General Mills: Okay. If I could just ask one more, in the restructuring, could you consider getting out of any brands or businesses as oppose to capacity and labor. I mean, with the industry and everything that's going on and you said what were the -- was something more on the brands or lines considered for sale as you look at what can grow in this change in consumer environment? And I’ll pass it on. Thanks.
Ken Powell: Well, thanks Eric. So we are continually looking and reviewing our portfolio and the categories that we’re competing in. And so the answer to your question is that’s an ongoing process and obviously nothing to talk about our report but we are constantly reviewing our portfolio.
Operator: And our next question comes from line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Don Mulligan: Hello Bryan.
Ken Powell: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: I just wanted to follow-up on one comment that you have made, Don and then I had a question just on brand merchandising. Don, I think, you might have said previously in response to one of the other questions. At the first quarter bottom line came in relatively close to where your internal forecast were, is that right?
Don Mulligan: Yes, EPS. Yeah. The EPS correct.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Okay. And then in terms of the merchandising, I guess, one question I would have maybe just going forward. It just seems like you’ve got a lot going on. You launched 145 new products in the first quarter. You’re going to be changing some of the merchandising tactics on some of your other brands. But is the lack of lift or sort of the efficiency of the merchandising and maybe this is a more general question. Is it tied at all to -- there is just generally most of your -- the industry is trying to do more, trying to merchandise more or launch new products to try to stimulate demand. And retailers just can't execute all of that merchandising effectively. So it sort of dilutes the intent just simply because they’re trying to do too much?
Ken Powell: So Bryan, you kind of summarize the number of comments that we made in June on the merchandising environment. And there is more kind of merchandising and promotional offers now seeking what is a limited display space in the store and that is an environment where I think, I should question sort of points out quality can suffer. You see more offshelf kind of pricing. You see more ads without an end isle or you see lots of products at the end of the isle. So there is lots of activity seeking relatively limited space and that’s why for us it's important. First of all that we focused very much on how we execute these events and the brand that we promote and do everything we can to make sure that there are sort of must have promotions. And there are other consumer things that accompany them to make them appealing. So our execution is very important for us in this environment. And as well as just constantly looking at what we do, did it work, what was the ROI and if something didn't work or tactic doesn’t work to apply the same HMM stuff that we do in all of the rest of the business, apply those and get rid of that kind of promotion and try something else. So it is an ongoing process of review and evaluation, making sure the execution is of the highest level because it is a very competitive environment out there as you point out with your question.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: But fair to say that as you described sort of changing merchandising tactics, it’s too address that specific dynamic, really trying to hold it on those -- generally inefficiencies and provide retailers with programs that should be more efficient and maybe take a higher priority?
Ken Powell: Very much so and also just to highlight, it’s very much about that. It’s certainly not about depth of discount or anything like that. I mean, we think those are -- it’s not about going in that direction. It’s all about the execution of the entire program.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Okay. Thank you.
Ken Powell: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Ken Zaslow - BMO capital markets: Hey, good morning everyone.
Ken Powell: Hey Ken. Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO capital markets: Just two questions, one is how do you assess the opportunities for Annie’s like, what do you envision the size of it, do you -- where do you see this trend going and how large do you think it could be the margin structure, I know they have had some issues internally? So can you give a little bit of color on that?
Ken Powell: Yeah. I’d love to, obviously, we think it’s a terrific equity. It’s a very, it’s a unique equity in that organic space sort of it’s an all family equity. Its mom’s buying organic products for herself and for her family and the kids, which is a very attractive positioning within the organic space. They’ve -- as you know, they’ve had consistent very strong growth and we think that the brand is very flexible and very expandable, giving that -- given that broad positioning and gatekeeper target. So we really like the positioning and the reason we bought it is because of that flexibility and the growth opportunity. There are also some sort of business model opportunities that I think will result from the combination of Annie's with General Mills. First of all, we just have more sales force capacity that we can bring to Annie's and that means that we are very confident that we can continue to increase the distribution of those brands and that’s a good opportunity for us. There are numerous margin expansion opportunities for -- with Annie's, everything, can from the sourcing and how ingredients are brought in to the logistics and how we reach customers, all of the other internal supply chain, HMM things. We think there are many opportunities here and we have actually jointly discussed these opportunities with Annie's management and they are quite excited by those opportunities. And then again, they will just be some cost savings that we can capture as a corporate entity, Annie's becomes part of General Mills. One other thing that I’d like to add, they have terrific marketing and sales capability, particularly as it relates to the natural and organic channel. They really focused there and that is going to be an opportunity for the entire General Mills natural and organic portfolio. We think that they can really help us to accelerate the growth of our existing portfolio brands. So, anyway, I am not going to tell you, how high is up that we are awfully excited by that brand and what we can do to help it grow faster and more profitably and what Annie's can do to help us with the rest of our natural/organic portfolio. We think it’s going to be really good combination.
Ken Zaslow - BMO capital markets: And Ken, to make it more mainstream like, one of your competitor did was a organic type of brand as well or like its good still have it panache of being focused on the organic channel and you are not trying to make it mainstream and make it more of General Mills’ type of product, is that fair?
Ken Powell: Yeah. No. That’s very fair. We learn that lesson about 15 years ago, when we first acquired Small Planet Foods and we have -- we learned a tremendous amount from these various natural and organic companies that we’ve acquired over the years. We've been very good. I think about leaving them alone. Let them do that thing. We will retain Annie's headquarters in Berkeley. These are very talented people. They build a -- built a really good brand. And key is just to figure out where we have capabilities that can really help them and bring them those capabilities which they are actually eager to -- eager to have to accelerate the growth of this thing.
Ken Zaslow - BMO capital markets: Great. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Ken Powell: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please proceed. 
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo: Thanks for the question. Ken, you mentioned the slowdown in China, but the economic news out of Brazil and Europe hasn’t really been to hot recently either? So, I guess, given that, what’s your confident in terms of your guidance and maybe this consumer frugality we are seeing here in North America doesn't take root more deeply in these geographies we are still seeing growth?
Ken Powell: Yeah. So the situation in China, I think, is partly macroeconomic and partly, and I think very specifically related to government policies around gifting and entertainment and these sorts of things that has a very direct impact on some of our channels, our gifting programs through our Häagen-Dazs cafes for an example. So there is sort of a very specific impact. In Brazil even with the sort of the economic slowdown, we are seeing consumer food sales not just in our categories, but broadly across the industry continue to be a pretty solid. And obviously, we’re participating in that. And also, I would say, John, that our products are very well targeted to, if you will, the solid working and middle class in Brazil. So our price points are good. These are very much everyday products for most consumers. And so we think that they are very well-positioned to be resilient even during a period of some slowdown in Brazil.
Don Mulligan: The other thing, John, I’d add in Brazil is that one of the consumer behaviors we’ve seen is the shift to the smaller mom-and-pop stores. And one of the real strong capabilities that we acquired with Yoki was a national sales force that was deeply ingrained in those channels. And we think that’s play into our advantage today as well.
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo: Great. Thanks, Don. Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Please proceed.
David Driscoll - Citi: Good morning.
Ken Powell: Hi, David.
David Driscoll - Citi: Hi. Just wanted to ask a little bit more about the U.S. retail profit performance. Specifically, Don, I wanted to ask -- you cited here unfavorable price realization mix and lower volumes as the contributing factors to the $155 million decline. Notably absent in these comments is comments about gross inflation and/or productivity savings in the quarter. Can you talk about this a little bit? Obviously it must've been positive, but I'm curious about magnitude of it and the pacing of these programs throughout the year?
Don Mulligan: David, as we -- as John reiterated today, we still expect 3% inflation for the year. We think it's fairly evenly distributed during the year, so we don't necessarily see any unique quarterly facing. HMM, our productivity savings from HMM are similar. So one of the reasons that we remain confident in guiding to a higher gross margin is because with inflation at 3% and HMM productivity savings over $400 million, we look at that as a net offset at least and part of that came through in the first quarter which is why it really wasn’t a contributing factor year-over-year.
David Driscoll - Citi: But the productivity would be more back-half loaded then front-half loaded?
Don Mulligan: No. Not materially.
David Driscoll - Citi:  Final question just, Ken, you make a really important statement in the press release where you say and you said it in your prepared script, but you acknowledge the U.S. market conditions are more challenging than expected. You said the quarter came out EPS-wise where you expected and you maintain guidance. So there's just -- it’s like you to connect the dots for me, if everything is more difficult, but yet EPS comes out as expected. In a way I feel like I am getting a little bit of both here, I am getting that, your plans coming out as advertised, but then you're making the statement that no, no, no watch out, the environment is tougher. I feel like we should be worried about the guidance, but I'd like you to comment on what this comment means and how confident you are in the full year numbers?
Ken Powell: Well, I mean, it means that we're staying with our guidance because that's the way the business looks to us right now as we look forward, but we do acknowledge that the environment is more challenging, so there is some risk around that profile. But we do think because of the factors that we talked about earlier in the call, which is that we -- the trade which was a primary issue this quarter, the trade will normalize, some of the bigger volume drags will strengthen, coupled again with the positive momentum that we have in a number of areas of the business. Those factors all combined and then again on the -- with well controlled on the cost side, we are guiding to our full year guidance for the year and that we will recover there as we go through the next three quarters. I think the wildcard is the category and we don't know whether they’re going to be a headwind, a tailwind, or a neutral. I think that’s the unknown right now. We’re encouraged somewhat by what we’re seeing over the last several weeks. They seem to be strengthening, but whether that’s going to be a headwind or a tailwind remains to be seen. But in any event, our job is to execute around innovation and core brand renovation and make sure we’ve got strong consumer programs drive the business that way and that's our plan, we like the plans that we have and that’s why we feel confident right now about maintaining guidance.
Don Mulligan: And David, what I would add to that is, as I said, we came close to our internal plan on EPS, but the mix was very different. We absolutely do not plan for the full year for International or for Convenience and Foodservice we are growing midteens in profit. So there are some puts and takes in the first quarter that some came toward us and some went against us. The overriding one that, we are going to be working on and watching as the year unfolds is the U.S. thorough topline volume growth, because we do expect that to go from a negative in the first quarter to a positive, while we are working through the merchandising effectiveness. So any caution around the category performance, the industry performance really reflects that area for us and that is where the, that’s where our key focus is right now as we think about the rest of the year in our financial performance.
David Driscoll - Citi: Thank you. Very helpful.
Ken Powell: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning, everyone.
Ken Powell: Hey, Alexia.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Hi. So two questions, first of all on advertising, which I don’t think has come up yet, was your advertising spending up or down year-on-year in this quarter and are you seeing any deterioration in the effectiveness of advertising and a lot of companies are saying with respect to merchandising, so that’s the first question? And then the second one with respect to acquisitions, you obviously announced Annie's this past week, is that it for the time being? Do you have an appetite for more potentially in the near future and if so, which direction would that be, could it be more in the natural area, could it be more looking overseas and what sort of scale might you would be thinking about as you think about your acquisition strategy? Thank you.
John Church: Yes. So, Alexia, our advertising in Q1 in the U.S. was up…
Don Mulligan: Flat in U.S., 1% total company…
John Church: Okay. I am getting, so flat in the U.S. and up 1% overall for the company. And of course, we are always monitoring the effectiveness of advertising programs, but we have, we have some very good performance behind advertising. We think that the sort of revised and renovated positioning for Yoplait Core Cup around the snacking benefits of the product, which we are running quite a bit has been highly effective and one of the reasons why we are seeing resurging growth there. Obviously, we have been communicating a lot about the product reformulations in Big G we commented on the growth in Cinnamon Toast Crunch. So, again, we are always evaluating and monitoring effectiveness of advertising. But when we have something -- when we have a good product change or something new to say and we say it to the right people, seems to work well for us.
Ken Powell: On M&A, I'll let Don jump in on that.
Don Mulligan: Yes. Alexia, Annie's, obviously, it set a place for us in terms of, it’s kind of businesses that we are looking for here in the U.S., which is around the natural organic better for you areas. We have done smaller acquisitions, this was the largest one in that space and we feel good about that. And our focus outside the U.S. remains on emerging markets. As we have talked before, Indonesia, India, finding that next leg if you will to add what we have in China and what we purchased in Brazil, can remains on our focus and those would be in -- the U.S. ones could be on the smaller side, we’ve done small to large ones, internationally there could be a mix as well, although, if we go into a country like Indonesia, similar to our entry into Brazil, we want to look for something with some size and capabilities to bring -- that had size capabilities, as well as strong brands.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Kris Wenker: And Operator, we are out of time here. So, I think, I am going to have to apologies to anybody who’s left in queue, if you’ve got questions, please give me a call. Thanks very much for your time today.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-06-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Kristen S. Wenker – Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Donal L. Mulligan – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Kendall J. Powell – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Analysts:  Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. David Palmer – RBC Capital Markets LLC Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital, Inc. Alexia Jane Howard – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC Matthew C. Granger – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC David C. Driscoll – Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Ken B. Goldman – JPMorgan Securities LLC Kenneth B. Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets  
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Mills Q4 2014 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, June 25, 2014. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kris Wenker, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristen S. Wenker:  Thank you, operator. Hello, everyone. I’m here with Ken Powell, our Chairman and CEO; and Don Mulligan, our CFO, and I’ll turn the microphone over to them in just a minute. First, I got to cover my usual housekeeping items. Our press release was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It’s also posted on our Web site, if you need a copy. You can also find slides on our Web site that supplement our remarks this morning and our remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumption. The second slide in the presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Don.
Donal L. Mulligan: 
 : In the fourth quarter, promotional spending in developed markets was less effective than we planned and input cost inflation was a bit above our forecast. Net sales and adjusted gross margin fell short of our targets. Our fourth quarter results are summarized on Slide 5. Net sales totaled $4.3 billion, down 3% versus last year. On a constant-currency basis, net sales were down 1%. Adjusted segment operating profit, which excludes a charge associated with Venezuelan currency devaluation, totaled $733 million essentially even with year ago results. Net earnings and diluted earnings per share were both up double-digits as reported. As we indicated on the third quarter call a significantly lower tax rate and lower shares outstanding were strong contributors to EPS growth in the final quarter. Our reported results also include a $0.09 per share charge for the Venezuelan currency devaluation, a $0.06 per share gain on the sale of several Idaho grain elevators and a $0.01 gain for mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions. Adjusted diluted EPS which excludes these and certain other items affecting comparability, increased 24% to $0.67 per share. Slide 6, use of the components of our fourth quarter net sales growth. Foreign exchange reduced sales growth by two points. Pound volume was 2% below last year levels. And sales mix and net price realization added one point to sales growth. Slide 7, shows fourth quarter net sales results by segment. For U.S. Retail, net sales declined 1% overall. Pound volume for U.S. Retail grew by 1%. This was offset by negative price and mix. International segment net sales declined 7% as reported and 2% on a constant currency basis. Pound volume declined 6% from last year’s levels, which included one extra month of results for Europe and Australia. Price and mix added 4 points to the segment’s net sales growth. Net sales for our convenience stores and food service segment, grew 1% overall in the quarter, with pound volume essentially matching year ago levels. However, looking at just our six priority platforms, which are snacks, cereal, yoghurt mixes, biscuits and frozen breakfast, combined net sales grew 5%. On Slide 8, you can see that adjusted gross margin, showed a slight decline in the fourth quarter. This primarily reflects lower net sales and higher input cost inflation than anticipated in the quarter. For 2014 in total adjusted gross margin was down 80 basis points to 35.4%, reflecting the change in business mix with incremental months results for new businesses added in 2013, as well as higher input costs. Our input cost inflation for the full year totaled 4%, higher than we planned, primarily driven by dairy costs. Our full year results are summarized on Slide 9. Net sales for 2014 grew 1% to reach $17.9 billion. On a constant currency basis, net sales increased 2%. Adjusted segment operating profit fell 2% to $3.2 billion. Net earnings attributable to General Mills, totaled more than $1.8 billion and diluted earnings per share were $2.83. Adjusted diluted EPS grew 4% to reach $2.82. U.S Retail net sales in 2014 essentially matched prior year results at $10.6 billion and operating profit decreased 3% to $2.3 billion. Slide 10 shows you the sales results by division. Snacks, Small Planet Foods and Big G cereals led performance for this operating segment. For convenience stores and food service net sales declined 2% in 2014, driven by a 2% decline in pound volume. Operating profit for the segment was also down 2% to $307 million. Net sales performance was essentially in line with our plan, reflecting our ongoing strategy of focusing business mix on key product platforms and the most resilient customer channels. Net sales for our six priority platforms grew 4% for the full year. 2014 net sales for our international business segment totaled $5.4 billion, up 4% as reported and up 8% in constant currency. Adjusted segment operating profit grew 4% to $535 million and increased 10% in constant currency. On Slide 12, you can see international constant currency net sales rose in three of our four geographic regions. Sales in the Europe and Australasia region declined 4% to $2.2 billion reflecting the comparison against 13 months of results in fiscal 2013. Canada sales totaled $1.2 billion, up 5% in constant currency. This reflects low single-digit growth in base business net sales and three incremental months of Yoplait. Latin America sales crossed the $1 billion threshold was strong growth and the base business and a full year of Yoki reported results. And in Asia Pacific region constant currency sales grew 9% to exceed $980 million driven by another year of double-digit growth in Greater China. Slide 13, summarizes 2014 joint venture performance. On a constant currency basis net sales for Cereal Partners Worldwide were flat and Haagen-Dazs Japan sales grew 9%. After tax earnings from joint ventures, total of $90 million, a decline of 4% in constant currency reflecting increased consumer spending at CPW. Turning to the balance sheet, Slide 14 shows the components of core working capital. We continue to make solid progress in this area, with core working capital down 9% in fiscal 2014. Since fiscal 2011 we reduced core working capital by 19% while growing net sales by 20%. Cash flow from operations totaled $2.5 billion for the year, compared to $2.9 billion last year. This decline primarily reflects a decrease in other current liabilities due to year-over-year differences and accruals for trade promotion and income tax. Fixed asset investments totaled $664 million for the year resulting in free cash flow of $1.9 billion. We return more than $2.7 billion of cash to shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends in fiscal 2014. Dividends per share increased by 17%, the current annualized rate of $1.64 per share represents a yield of 3% at recent prices for GIS stock. We have a strong track record of returning cash to shareholders. In recent years, our dividends per share have increased at a 13% compound rate, and our average shares outstanding have declined 1% per year, that’s despite causing briefly on share repurchases to fund the strategic acquisitions of Yoplait and Yoki. Fiscal 2014 was a good year for General Mills’ shareholders. A combination of share price appreciation and dividends resulted in a 13% total return for the year. That’s some of the very tough returns generated by our peer group, and it’s consistent with our goal of delivering double-digit shareholder returns. Let’s now shift to fiscal 2015. General Mills now generates 35% of our sales and a meaningful share of our profit outside the U.S. And we expect this international waiting to grow in the years ahead. So, we’re transitioning to providing our guidance to you in constant currency. Slide 19, summarizes some of the key assumptions we build into our fiscal 2015 growth plans. We believe it’s prudent to assume food and beverage industry growth in developed markets improves at a very modest pace over the course of the year. Our fiscal 2015 includes a 53rd week, which is where it’s roughly two points of top line growth. We are targeting mid single-digit, constant currency net sales growth including that extra week. We’ll continue to generate cost savings and reinvestment funds to our robust pipeline of HMM issues. This business discipline has been our first line of defense against input cost inflation for many years. In fiscal 2015, we are targeting more than $400 million in COGS in HMM alone. This should offset inflation, which we estimate at 3% this year. We are targeting mid single-digit constant currency growth in segment operating profit. We plan to reinvest the profit benefit of the 53rd week to support increased media spending and start-up expenses related to several key fiscal 2016 product launches. One example of the start-up expenses for our new Yoplait factory in China. Finally, we are beginning to work a new cost reduction initiatives designed to boost our efficiency and sharpen business focus behind our key growth strategies. We began a formal review of our North American manufacturing and distribution network, with the goals of streamlining operations and identifying potential capacity reductions. We’ve initiated efforts focused on further reducing overhead costs. Together these new initiatives are targeted to generate $40 million in free tax savings in fiscal 2015, with additional savings in fiscal 2016. We’ll share more details with you in the coming months as we determine our specific action plans. Let me say a quick word about pension expense. We continue to include pension expense in our reported results. In fiscal 2014, the return on our planned assets was 15% in the overall funded status at the end of the year was 100%. Our fiscal 2015 pension expense will be down modestly versus last year driven by our actual asset returns. The discovery for fiscal 2015 is unchanged from last year at 4.5%. Slide 21 provides a summary of our guidance for 2015. We’re targeting mid-single digit sales growth in constant currency. Adjusted gross margin is projected to improve modestly from 2014 levels. We expect our media investment to grow faster than sales. We project our segment operating profit will grow at a mid single-digit growth on a constant currency basis. Our plan assumes a high single-digit increase in interest expense, reflecting a shift to more long-term debt and our expectation of rising interest rates over the course of the year. We’re assuming adjusted tax rate comparable to last year’s 32.2%. We expect joint venture earnings to grow at a high single-digit rate in constant currency due primarily to sales growth and lower levels of input cost inflation for CPW. We plan to continue returning cash to shareholders through share buybacks. In May, our Board approved a new 100 million share repurchase authorization with no expiration. For fiscal 2015, we are targeting a 3% to 4% net reduction in average shares outstanding. And we expect high single-digit constant currency growth and adjusted diluted earnings per share. At current exchange rates, we’d estimate a three set headwind to full year adjusted diluted EPS growth in 2015. One other guidance note. We expect our first quarter adjusted diluted EPS to be below year ago levels. That primarily reflects our plans for increased merchandising expense with a higher number of new product launches in the period along with tax rate phasing. We’re excited about our operating plans for 2015. We plan to deliver consumer-focused renovation, product news and innovation across all elements of our portfolio.
 :
Kendall J. Powell:  Okay. Well, thank you, Don and good morning to one and all. As we move into fiscal 2015, our number one priority is to accelerate top line growth. We’ll do that by sharpening our consumer first mindset with particular focus on four growing consumer groups: the growing middle class in emerging markets, U.S. multicultural families, Millennials and consumers over age 55. With these growing consumer groups and our broad portfolio there are plenty of growth opportunities and our plan is to go out and get them. In U.S. Retail we expect mid single-digit growth in net sales for 2015, including the benefit from the 53rd week. We expect segment operating profit will grow roughly in line with sales, with benefits coming from top line growth, HMM and new cost reduction efforts, partially offset by investments in product innovation and advertising. We’ve made several leadership changes in this business as we start the New Year. Jeff Harmening became Chief Operating Officer for U.S. Retail as of May 1. David Clark now leads the Yoplait division, changing places with Becky O’Grady who now is in charge of our international Häagen-Dazs Business Unit. Jon Nudi has moved from our U.S. Snacks division to run our Europe business, prompting some additional moves within our U.S. divisions. You’ll notice some familiar faces in new jobs. The new face is Liz Nordlie who is promoted to President of Small Planet Foods. I have great confidence in this team. They’ve each established a lengthy resume of results across a wide variety of General Mills’ businesses and I’m enthusiastic about the fresh thinking they are already bringing to the businesses. So at the risk of stealing a bit of thunder from Jeff’s presentation at our Investor Day in a couple of weeks. Let me share his team’s priorities for 2015. And they are; investing in our cereal business for growth, returning our U.S. yogurt business to growth, accelerating our strong performance in better for you snacking, leveraging the good momentum we have in Totino’s hot snacks, Old El Paso Mexican products and baking products and continuing to foster our strong culture of HMM. So, let me give you a few details on these priorities beginning with cereal. Sales in the U.S. cereal category declined in fiscal 2014, down 4% in measured outlets. Full category performance was a bit better than that including stronger results in non-measured channels. Our cereal performance has outpaced the category in recent years. Big G net sales grew slightly last year and they are stable since fiscal 2010. We’ve grown cereal market share in three of the past four years and we’ve gained accumulative 20 basis points of share over that time. The growth plan for Big G in fiscal 2015 begin to it product news and strong advertising support on several large establish brands. We are rolling out some great taste focused renovations more Cinnamon Toast taste and Cinnamon Toast Crunch, new fruitier tasting tricks. And we’ll invest behind some strong new advertising on Lucky Charms and Cheerios. Consumers today are seeking more protein at breakfast and we are responding. The 2014 launch of Nature Valley protein granola exceeded our expectations. This year we’ll grow distribution and broaden the line with new Peanut butter and dark chocolate Peanut butter varieties. We recently launched a new line of Cascadian Farm protein granolas. These are certified organic choices for consumers. And we’ve brought protein to the leading franchise in the category. New Cheerios protein is available in Cinnamon Almond and oats and honey varieties. Early retailer and consumer response is quite encouraging. As you know, consumer interest in gluten-free offerings also was growing. Retail sales for the Chex franchise increased by over 6% last year, behind strong consumer messaging and the introduction of Vanilla Chex. This year we are increasing our media spending behind Chex at a double-digit rate. We are also launching a new platform. Gluten-free Chex hot oatmeal. I know many of you are anxious to see renewed cereal category growth and frankly we are too. We are confident it will happen. This is a category consumers love. In fact, U.S. consumers ranks cereal as a top 10 food and beverage choice in the same list as sandwiches, fruit, coffee and juice. We are very focused on doing our part for the cereal category and growing sales for our cereal brands in 2015. So, let’s turn to yogurt. Sales for this category grew 6% in the U.S. in 2014, but our overall yogurt sales didn’t grow and that was a disappointment. However, we have our business moving in the right direction. Retail sales of our Greek yogurt grew 41% last year and our share of the Greek segment is now running at 10%. In addition, our Original Style Yoplait business posted retail sales growth for the full year in 2014, with results strengthening in recent months. In fiscal 2015, we’re expanding our Greek Taste-Off event across the country with sampling in stores nationwide this summer. We’ll continue to grow our distribution on Greek thanks to the business momentum and some excellent new items, including new flavors of Greek 100 and Yoplait Greek yogurts. We’ll build on Original Style Yoplait positive momentum leveraging a snack-focused advertising message that has all-family appeal. The big news on Yoplait Light in the first half is the removal of aspartame across the entire line, which will hit shelves in the fall. And we’re modernizing our lineup of flavors including Red Velvet Cupcake and Apricot Mango Sorbet. In addition, we’re bringing a high level of fun to the kid’s yogurt sections with Minions, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Hello Kitty equities. With positive momentum on Greek and Original Style Yoplait and strong plans in place across the business, we believe we will return Yoplait to sales growth in 2015. For our grain snacks businesses retail sales have grown by 50% since fiscal 2010 and we’ve increased our share from 29% to 41% of the category by leveraging highly differentiated innovation. In 2015, we’re expanding our successful Fiber One franchise with streusel bars, a great tasting snack that delivers whole grain, real fruit and 20% of your daily value of fiber, all with just 150 calories. We’re targeting Hispanic households with the launch of Nature Valley Fruteria bars, featuring whole grain and visible pieces of fruits in very appealing flavors including strawberry apple and mango strawberry. And we’re introducing great tasting extensions of proven franchises, like coconut almond Nature Valley Protein Bars and blueberry Nature Valley Soft-Baked Oatmeal Squares. Our natural and organic snack brands enjoyed great results in 2014. Lärabar retail sales increased by over 30% last year. We’re now launching two new chocolate varieties of Lärabar ALT protein bars and for the first time we’re extending the Lärabar brand beyond nutrition bars with the launch of Lärabar Renola. Renola is granola reinvented, a simple grain and gluten-free mix of nuts, fruits, seeds and spices. The three varieties: Cinnamon Nut, Cocoa Coconut and Berry can be consumed as a snack, a topping or as a cereal with milk. We’re broadening the Food Should Taste Good brand with the introduction of Pita Puffs. This crisp snack delivers the satisfying crunch of a pita chip in an innovative new puffed form. And we’re bringing the culinary appeal of Food Should Taste Good to the cracker aisle with a new line of gluten-free brown rice crackers in delicious flavors like sea salt, peppercorn blend and tomato basil. We’re also launching Fiber One cookies nationally this quarter. This is a great tasting product for consumers looking to satisfy their cookie craving without the guilt. These cookies have just 120 calories and 20% of your daily value of fiber. Our better-for-you snacking businesses have clear momentum and so do several other key businesses in our U.S. Retail portfolio. Retail sales for Totino’s hot snacks have grown 10% in the last two years to reach over $0.5 billion in measured sales alone. In fiscal 2015 we’ll work to build on that success with our Zero to Pizza Pronto advertising campaign. We’re also innovating with new barbecue chicken and spicy taco style varieties. Old El Paso is leading the Mexican category with measured sales up 4% and share up half a point in fiscal 2014 and this is thanks to differential innovation like our Stand ‘N Stuff tortillas. This year we’re bringing bold nacho cheese flavor to our Stand ‘N Stuff taco shells and we’re significantly increasing our media investment to accelerate momentum on this very exciting brand. On our Baking Products businesses, we’ll continue to invest in the digital advertising efforts that Ann Simonds shared with you on our third quarter call. We’re addressing consumer desires for affordable indulgence with the launch of Pillsbury filled cookies and Cinnabon bakery-inspired cinnamon rolls. And we’re expanding the successful Immaculate Baking brand from the refrigerated dough case into the dry mix aisle. So that’s a taste of the very full marketing plans we have in U.S. Retail. You will hear much more on this business from Jeff Harmening in July. We finished fiscal 2014 with good sales momentum in our Convenience Stores and Foodservice business. For fiscal 2015, we’re targeting renewed top line growth for this segment with net sales forecast to grow at a mid-single digit rate, again including the 53rd week. Positive mix and strong HMM delivery are expected to help segment operating profit grow at a high single-digit rate. Let me give you a few examples of how we’ll be driving net sales growth in fiscal 2015. First, McDonald’s recently announced that they will be offering Yoplait Go-Gurt in Happy Meals at more than 14,000 locations across the U.S., beginning in July. We’ve developed a new snacking product for the K-12 channel, new snacking products for the K-12 channel, like Nature Valley Crisps and Simply Chex, products that meet the USDA’s new snack nutrition regulations. We’ll continue to drive growth in the Convenience Stores channel with innovations like Chex chips and Totino’s Pizza chips. Bethany Quam who was recently promoted to President of the Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment will share more details with you next month. For our International segment, plans call for a high single-digit constant currency growth in net sales and operating profit in 2015. Our consumer first approach is as important in our International business as it is in the U.S. Let me share some highlights of the great product news and innovation we have planned starting in our developed markets. In Canada, we’re bringing relevant innovation to the cereal category. We’re targeting healthful foodie consumers with our launch of an ancient grains variety of Cheerios. We’ve just introduced Nature Valley protein granola to Canada following fast on the heels of its successful introduction in the U.S. And on Lucky Charms and Cinnamon Toast Crunch we’re investing in taste focused advertising targeted to adults. Our Liberté yogurt holds a leading position in Canada’s Greek yogurt market. We’re launching a new sublime of Liberté Greek featuring higher fat indulgent flavors. We’re also introducing new Yoplait Source yogurt with stevia, capitalizing on growing consumer interest in natural sweeteners. We’ll continue to tap the U.S. snacks innovation pipeline to bring new products to Canada. Nature Valley breakfast squares are launching this month. And Old El Paso is bringing some new restaurant quality entrees to the Mexican aisle. In Europe, we’re adding new fruit varieties to the core Haagen-Dazs portfolio and we’re launching Haagen-Dazs triple sensations, a breakthrough innovation which delivers three layers of indulgence in every bite. We continue to play a leading role in developing the Greek style yogurt segment in Europe. We’re supporting our recent launches of Liberté Greek in the U.K. and Yopa!, high protein yogurt in France with new flavors and pack sizes in the first half of this year. And we’re expanding our Old El Paso Stand ‘N Stuff tortillas and dinner kits throughout the regions. So let’s shift to emerging markets where our focus on the growing middle class consumer is driving strong growth for our businesses. Fiscal 2014 was another year of double-digit growth for us in China and we intend to keep our foot on the gas in 2015. We’re expanding the Haagen-Dazs retail line with new flavors like blueberries and cream. We’ll reinforce the super premium equity with increased media investment in existing geographies and we’ll continue to expand the brand with new shops and retail outlets in new cities across the country. On Wanchai Ferry, we’ll strengthen our brand leadership in the dumpling segment by inviting consumers to taste the best of the season with new varieties like asparagus and shrimp. And we’ll drive differential growth in the tangyuan segment by expanding our breakthrough crystal tangyuan innovation. We’ll also continue working toward key milestones, including the plant commissioning and regulatory certification that will enable us to launch Yoplait into the fast growing yogurt category in China. In Brazil, our fiscal 2015 plans call for another year of double-digit net sales growth. We’re capitalizing on Brazilian consumers’ passion for the World Cup with Yoki’s Bring the Party to your Home campaign. This leverages our annual Festa Junina in-store merchandising event. And we’ve launched a line of world flavors, Yoki snacks, featuring flavors from many World Cup countries. We’re increasing media investment behind compelling messages like Kitano seasonings Clean Plates campaign. And we’re investing behind the recent launch of Betty Crocker dessert mixes. After the U.S., the Middle East is the second largest market for Betty Crocker in the world. Our team there is building on consumer interest in sweet snacking with new varieties of Betty Crocker mixes, including molten chocolate cake and chocolate cheesecake, supported with high levels of consumer spending. In India, we’ll drive trial and awareness of Pillsbury value-added mixes and Parampara meals by more than doubling consumer support while expanding distribution. Emerging markets continue to lead CPW’s growth. Next month we’re adding Fitness Chocolate to our market leading brand portfolio in Southeast Asia, targeting consumers seeking permissible indulgence. And we have big nutrition news rolling out across our kid cereals line in Latin America centered on less sugar, same great flavor message. That gives you a sense for the strong growth plans we have across our international business in 2015. Christ O’Leary will share details with you in just a few weeks. So in summary, General Mills fiscal 2015 plans are centered on the objective of faster top line growth fueled by sharper consumer focus news and innovation. We have a very robust slate of product news, renovation and innovation that we’re bringing across each of our business segments. We’re maintaining our strong HMM focus and we’ve launched new efforts designed to contribute $40 million in pretax savings this year with more to come in fiscal 2016. And above all, we’re focused on our commitment to deliver earnings growth and strong cash returns to our shareholders. So we look forward to talking more review about these plans during our investor event on July 8. So with that, I’ll open the call for questions. Operator, would you please get us started?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Kendall J. Powell: Hi, Eric.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Two questions, I guess. Ken, you clearly have stated with all the details on the new products that top line is the focus. It looks like promotional spending just for pretty much everybody, including yourself, has not been as effective. So could you kind of talk a little bit about the comment that like media spending is going to be up, I think you said greater than sales? Kind of how does promo fit into that? And then I have a follow-up on the cost savings restructuring effort.
Kendall J. Powell: Okay. Well, good morning, Eric and thanks for the questions. Let me make a few comments. We continue to be very focused, as you point out, on innovation, new products, renovation of core brands and of course the advertising that’s necessary to really communicate those ideas to consumer and of course when we get that combination right that’s when we see top line growth, clear benefits coupled with very compelling advertising. So that is core to our plan and continues to be core and I described I think a number of instances of how we’ll play that out. On the merchandising side of your question, I’d make a couple of points about sort of what we saw in the fourth quarter and our focus going forward. First of all, while we did not see the efficiency that we’d hope for I just want to underscore we’ve seen relatively stable merchandising price points. So it’s not a question of that price point erosion or more aggressive levels of promotion. It really for us related to execution. We just see more and more of the players interested in getting merchandising. There are limited number of places in the store to get that high quality that we want, which is really good placement on end-aisle displays coupled with the feature support that we know drives efficient merchandising. So as we look at those metrics and variables, particularly in the second half and fourth quarter of year, we saw some slippage there. So we look at it as why we are quite disappointed, we kind to analyze and think our way through these things. We think it’s an executional issue. We just have to make sure that we’ve got our customers focused on the right big brands and executing in the right way with high quality display support in store and the right level of communication. So we’re going to – and recognize it’s more competitive, focus on execution. We’ve got very good sales capability and that’s sort of how we’ll approach that as we go into 2015. Does that get at it for you, Eric?
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. That’s helpful. Thank you. And then, I guess on the review on the cost side of things, obviously, kind of similar, everybody is looking at what is the right cost structure, capacity utilization. I guess it’s early days, but it just seems that $40 million relative to your EBIT, which is kind of approaching $3 billion, is kind of relatively modest. Should we think about this as being a much bigger kind of program or is this really kind of just adjusting some utilization rates in select businesses?
Kendall J. Powell:  So, Eric, I mean, let me make a comment and then I think Don wants to jump in. I mean you should think of that number as a partial year number and I think as we’ve noted we’ll expect that to grow in out years. Beyond that in terms of more detail on how we’re approaching this and what we’re thinking, we don’t have those to share with you today and so we’ll come back at those later, but I think it would be correct to say that’s a partial year that we’re capturing there and we expect that to increase going forward.
Donal L. Mulligan:  Yes, Eric. What I’d add is as you’re well aware we have been under HMM discipline for close to a decade now. That has allowed us to continue to drive efficiencies in both our supply chain as well as our overheads, which has avoided the need to take a lot of large scale restructuring actions. That said, on a very target basis we do think we see some opportunities. To Ken’s point, we expect to be back to you in 90 days or so with more specifics on portions of it. It will play out beginning this year. Think about those savings falling more in the back half and then they will expand in F16 and we’ll give you a line of sight on that when we’re revealing out more specifics.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. I’ll pass on. Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kendall J. Powell: Hi, David.
David Palmer – RBC Capital Markets LLC:  Good morning. U.S. Retail has been at the center of the shortfall in the last few years versus your high single-digit targets. It seems to be key to the turn in your fiscal 2015 guidance in addition to the impact from cost reductions and the extra week. Assuming that is fair, what areas of U.S. Retail do you expect to improve the most into the next year and why would those be the areas that you expect to improve? Thanks.
Kendall J. Powell: David, thank you for the question. There are three focused areas in U.S. Retail. One area focuses to continue really and accelerate our very strong momentum in snacks. We’ve had great success there. We have a very strong innovation pipeline. You’ll see more of that innovation in the first half. I will tell you there is more good innovation coming in the second half. So first things first is to keep the momentum going in a very, very successful part of our portfolio. The next two priorities Yoplait yogurt and cereal. Let me talk about each of those a little bit. In the yogurt category, I would say that the dynamics of that category are shifting in our favor right now. While Greek yogurt is obviously a very big part of the category now, it’s been stable at 46%, 47% of the category now for 6 months or 7 months. And that means a couple of things, I mean first of all we have terrific Greek offering now. We have a full slate of Greek products in many styles and formats. We introduced a number in the second half of last year. We are introducing 20 more in the first half of this year. And we are seeing – and these are very, very good products, consumers like them. We are seeing our share expand, and so we’re finally getting real traction in that large Greek segment. On the other hand, the fact that the growth of the Greek segment has stabilized, it really means that there is room for these other segments, I think to get traction now. And so, we are clearly seeing that in our core cup business on these Yoplait brands. We saw Yoplait Original grow last year. We’re seeing that momentum continue behind reformulation, and a very effective advertising. We’re going to be renovating and reformulating Yoplait Light. In the first half of this year, we’ll be taking aspartame out and putting Stevia in, which we think our consumers are going to like a lot, and gives us some good news to talk about. We’re seeing some traction in our kid brands. So overall, as we look at that yogurt category, we just think that the dynamics are going to be a bit more in our favor, in our full portfolio. And then finally, on cereal, we’ve got a very clear point of view on what’s happening there. Taste brands are doing really well. So whether it’s Honey Nut Cheerios or Lucky Charms or Cinnamon Toast Crunch, big great tasting brands. Those are all growing for us behind product quality, and very good in advertising. And so, we’re going to keep doing that and we’ll build on that. The consumer definition of health is changing in the cereal category. Clearly, they are interested in protein, clearly there are things that they – some consumers want to avoid like gluten, and so you’re going to see us build on those trends with new product offerings and continued renovation. And remember, we grew our cereal business this year. And we believe strongly that we’ll grow it next year, and that we understand what’s happening in that category very well. So anyway, long answer to your question, but those are the three priorities. And we’re very focused on them, and we’re optimistic that we’ll be able to make those gains.
David Palmer – RBC Capital Markets LLC:  Thanks. And see you next week. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
Kendall J. Powell: Hi, Andrew.
Donal L. Mulligan:  Andrew.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Ken, I want to come back just for a minute to the promotional efficiency question from before. I’m trying to get a sense of whether this is other sort of companies in the grocery space having up their game in terms of sort of in store selling capabilities that’s allowed them to be more successful in getting some high quality space or is it just that, in the environment we’re in, they’re just pushing with more, let’s say moneys are spending to get some of it, which will fade at some point. And have you seen something like this dynamic sort of in your experience before? And then I’ve got a follow-up.
Kendall J. Powell:  Okay. Andrew, I mean I would say, look we have a very good competitive set in our space. And so, as you know very well. Our view is just the sheer number of new items and number of new competitors certainly in a – for instance in yoghurt space, just lots of people coming in with new items. And so the competition for a limited number of quality display options, I would say is increasing. And so we continue to have very, very high confidence in our sales capability. We’re really good at what we do there, and we think we know the ingredients to successful execution. I mean it always boils down to getting the right, really category driving products on display in the right way at the right price point, which we know what that is, and again those are, we’re not pressing harder. We know what the right price point is; and with the right kind of feature support. So we know what to do. We’ve diagnosed that Q4, and we think we can go out and get it. There is just more competition and demand. So we’ll have to up our exceptional game.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, that’s helpful. I appreciate that. And then, with respect to pricing in yogurt moving forward, I guess particularly in Greek, you’ve got a couple of things you’ve got, obviously higher dairy prices or costs. You’ve got a financial owner that now has a stake in one of your competitors. You’ve got perhaps some of the growth in Greek, filling out some of – all of this significant capacity that’s come on stream over the last couple of years. Those factors would suggest to me the opportunity for pricing to stabilize or kind of move in the right direction as we move forward. And I think there have been some moves already to that effect by some players in Greek. Some of you may have suggested that, maybe they’ve taken pricing and General Mills has not yet moved in that regard. So trying to get a sense on, would you expect that to kind of move in the right direction, and is that part and parcel of how General Mills thinks about it too?
Kendall J. Powell: Well, Let me just say that, I would agree with your observation that we’re seeing price stability. Obviously we don’t comment prospectively on pricing and that sort of thing, but I agree with your observation. We also of course are seeing some moderating dairy inflation; and it’s always hazardous to predict what commodity prices are going to do as well, as you know. But we’re encouraged by what we are seeing on that front. So dairy inflation will be a key variable for us next year. And we like the direction it’s going in now, and I think we’re observing price stability in that Greek segment right now.
Donal L. Mulligan:  Yes. I think Andrew, I just add a few, if you look at the Nielsen in the fourth quarter, pricing in Greek was stable and we were very much in line with that on both the movement in $1 per cup basis. So we feel good about our pricing competitiveness, and where it is, and the stability in the category.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Jane Howard – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC:  Good morning, everyone.
Kendall J. Powell: Hey Alexia, how are you?
Alexia Jane Howard – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC:  Good, thank you. I’ve two questions. Firstly, it looks as though comparing the third quarter results with the data that came out today is, those cereals and the Frozen Foods have declined quite sharply over the last quarter. Given that you’re expecting to get back to growth at least in cereals, how quickly do you expect that to happen during the course of fiscal 2015. And then, I have a follow-up.
Kendall J. Powell: Okay. I don’t know that I have sort of quarter-by-quarter outlook for you right now, Alexia. Again going back to fundamentals, we feel encouraged by the fact that we were able to grow that business this year in the down category, and I won’t repeat for you the litany of innovation that we’re bringing fundamentally. We think that these things are – they work and that’s why we are doing more of them. I mean they effective for us. So we are going to stay on that game of product renovation, we’ll be very focused on advertising that works and all these things that I’ve talk about and we expect over the course of the year to see that business grow. And as I talk with merchandising support, we’ll sharpen our focus on execution there. And our goal is to grow that business again in 2015.
Alexia Jane Howard – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: And then just hopping back to Eric’s question about the promotional effectiveness declining this quarter, do you think it’s partly to do with some consumer shifting to less heavily processed products, and if so, what do you do with the promotions on that brand, those brands, do you step it up and try to chase more volume even if the volume response isn’t there or should you maybe be taking the prices upwards, and using that extra cash to channel into products that you are seeing grow like the snacks area?
Kendall J. Powell: Well, I think your last point, Alexia, let me sort of address several of the points, certainly we’re observing where the growth is coming across our portfolio. And we continue to increase the pace of innovation and the level of support behind our snacking business because that’s a real growth opportunity. Having said that though, again, we have – we know where the growth is in the cereal category right now, and we think we know how to get it. And just to repeat myself, high taste indulgent products are performing very nicely for us. And so we are going to add support to those. So, Honey Nut Cheerios are the biggest brand in the category grew for us, this year. Lucky Charms and Cinnamon Toast grew, so we will keep renovating these highly differentiated products and we will support them well and we will add to them, because they work. But to your other point, we also know that consumers are interested in more protein, and we do see more breakfast going to for instance Greek Yogurt, as an example, or our other protein based breakfast. That’s why we were expanding our range of protein based cereal offerings. Nature Valley protein granola has been quite successful for us. So, we are going to shift resources to that kind of innovation. It’s early days and I mean, literally we are just weeks into this, but it looks like Cheerios protein will strike a chord. So, to your point Alexia we are – we do really study the market closely. We look to see how consumer preferences are shifting and our innovation plan and approach is very coherent and how it follows those trends and those preferences, and which I think is the core of your question. So, thank you.
Donal L. Mulligan: And Alexia the only thing I would add to that is you touched on median and where we are going to put our investments. And you had mentioned and you noted that it is going to be up faster than sales next year. But I think you’ll also see it, be more differentially put against those ideas U.S our old businesses for example that Ken touched on behind cereal, behind snacking, behind yogurt to potentially more differentiated step than we had in past years.
Alexia J. Howard – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Thank you, very much, I will pass it on.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Granger with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew C. Granger – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for the question.
Donal L. Mulligan: Hi, Matthew.
Kendall J. Powell: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew C. Granger – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, just one clarification, I guess on the guidance for operating profit growth. First, you highlighted an expectation of mid single-digit segment operating profit growth, but you’re also coming off a fairly significant decline this year in corporate expense. Can you just walk through some of the drivers of lower corporate expense this year and whether some of those might revert going into 2015?
Donal L. Mulligan: Yes, first of all to be clear obviously the corporate items of the unallocated are outside of the segment operating profit, segment operating profit will grow in line with sales. It’s going to be –it’s going to improve off the growth rate this year, driven partially by the higher sales growth that we are projecting for next year. And the lower inflation, so greater gross margin expansion. So that is the fundamental driver in next year’s number. In terms of this year, our corporate unallocated was corporate items was down for a few reasons, compensation incentive was down year-over-year that is surprising given the results. And then there was the miscellaneous other corporate items benefit rate et cetera, that were beneficial – that were captured in F14 numbers.
Matthew C. Granger – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Okay. Thanks, Don. And just one question on Yoplait, I mean China specifically. I know you’ve talked a few months ago about breaking ground on a manufacturing facility there and planning a gradual roll out. Just wanted to see if you could give any update on what type of progress you’re expecting for this year. And whether there is any prospect of having a product to commercialize at some point later in the year?
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, it’ll be Matthew it’ll be later in the year. I mean we’re making – we were building a plant. I mean we’ve been very clear on that and we are – this is an exciting multibillion dollar category. In China we’ve great capability to bring there and we will obviously have more details to share with you as we get closer to the launch. But we’ll have very good capability and we intend to launch very high quality, very competitive offerings into that market. And we will start as we always do in the specific region in China and prove out the business model and make sure that we’ve got our capabilities aligned the right way and then we will expand. But we are obviously very enthusiastic about this opportunity and I think it’s a great growth platform for General Mills in China. 
Matthew C. Granger – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, all right, thanks very much, Ken.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with City Research. Please go ahead.
David C. Driscoll – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Thank you, good morning everyone.
Kendall J. Powell:  Hi, David.
Donal L. Mulligan:  Good morning, David. 
David C. Driscoll – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Don, I wanted to go to the gross margins in the fourth quarter. In late March on the third quarter call, you laid out an expectation of pretty substantial fourth quarter gross margin improvement, and I thought you were pretty clear back then about strong expectations for HMM delivery and favorable input cost. Today it seems like the miss is being more explained like it was a revenue issue because of these promotional items kind of what happened and why did the gross profit margin miss your expectations by so much?
Donal L. Mulligan:  Thanks for the question and that was where the miss was in the quarter. It was not HMM or productivity that came in as expected. It was inflation came in a bit higher and our trade expense related to the promotions that we talked about the promotion efficiency or inefficiency obviously not only hits the top line but impacts gross margin as well. So there is really those two items which didn’t play out in the quarter as we had expected in March. And they’re probably both responsible about half of the miss those two items are equally responsible for the miss in the quarter.
David C. Driscoll – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay, can you give us some color on the drivers of inflation in fiscal 2015?
Kendall J. Powell:  Yes, we have 3% inflation as you know we have a fairly broad market basket, I guess one thing to note, it probably was highlighted by the fact that we identified dairy is the driver of the F14 variances. Dairy is becoming a larger piece of our basket not quite as large as grains, but in that same 5% to 10% range. Yes, we looked and because of that breadth of input cost and again, we talked about inflation is really all of COGS that we’re talking about. It’s very broad grains of 5% to 10%, dairy 5% to 10% many other products in the 5% range including energy both from packaging and distribution. And so we’re seeing some favorable movements on grains, whether it’s energy, sugar, even dairy, as of today versus a year ago are still higher and we see them driving that inflation for next year. 
David C. Driscoll – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Final quick one, sorry thank you. Final quick question 53rd week is that – is it correct to say, it’s two points to the revenue line no impact to the profit line and as a consequence of that second statement, we should not have any negative issues related to this particular 53rd week affecting F16 because always we have to deal with that right now, so is that all fair?
Donal L. Mulligan:  Yes, we expected the extra week will generate about $0.05 of EPS which as we said we’re investing back this year to help drive top line growth.
David C. Driscoll – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  So, no impact to profit and then that would be true then on the F16 there is no reason to call that out as a factor affecting that particular year?
Donal L. Mulligan:  We expect to reinvest this year. Yes
David C. Driscoll – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay, thank you. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken B. Goldman – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, thanks for the question. Not just for Mills, but across a lot of larger US-based food names, we are in a bit of a challenging cycle here. I guess I am wondering in your view how do you break this trend? What is the smoking gun? Do we need better innovation, stronger marketing, more efficient promos? Is it all of the above I guess? I am just trying to understand, Ken, in your review, what is the main problem we are all experiencing across packaged food at the moment and maybe how you go about fixing it?
Kendall J. Powell:  Can I – I wish there was one silver bullet, it would make it easier for us, but I think it depends on the category, I mean clearly snacking is a trend, a positive trend, and so maybe that is a key factor of that and we’re very focused on the snacking trend, and it’s not just the snacks in our snack businesses, we see yogurt becoming more and more of a snack food and in fact one of the reasons for the resurgence of our core Yoplait businesses is that we’re seeing more snack usage and we’re actually talking about the product and its snack versatility in advertising. And so we’re seeing it play out there, we are seeing our hot snack products, Totino’s do very well. We are seeing our natural and organic snack. So I think that there is a snacking play. I think that as I said I think that consumer definitions of wellbeing or health are changing, and so we need to be very in tuned to that, and we’ve talked about the protein trend not just in yogurt, but across the number of categories and how that’s playing out and how we are looking to capitalize on that. And we talked about how consumers are look to avoid some different things and some things that maybe weren’t on their radar several years ago with gluten being exhibit one. So, we are in changing times. We are marketing company so our job is to understand the change and capitalize on it, find opportunity there, and so I think it’s more than one change, as I tried to say. But it’s more snacking, it’s changing definitions of health and wellness, but as we get clear, I think, understanding of those and better understanding of what exactly the consumer wants there, we will get better at giving them, giving those products to her and these again should become opportunities for us.
Ken B. Goldman – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks and then one really quick follow-up. Advertising spending in the fourth quarter, very basic math here and this easily could be wrong. Was it down low double digits, high single digits? Could you just confirm that it was down fairly meaningfully in the fourth quarter?
Donal L. Mulligan: Yes, that’s right. We had some add-ins last year, late last year that we are rolling over and just from an accrual base ends up catching up with you in the quarter. The full year numbers are more important number to look at it. It was not about if 3% and that also included within our U.S. business some shift for media to other consumer like sampling behind our yogurt business, which had a fairly significant impact on that number.
Ken B. Goldman – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, we will see in a couple of weeks.
Kristen S. Wenker: Operator, can we sneak one last one in here.
Operator: Certainly, our final question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Hey, good morning everyone.
Kendall J. Powell: Hey, Ken.
Donal L. Mulligan: Hey, Ken.
Kenneth B. Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Ken, you changed up the leadership in North America. So my question to you is what are you looking to accomplish under the changes and what will be the greatest strategic changes? Are we going to start to see something different? And just kind of putting it all together is moving people around versus inserting new talent from outside, what was the thinking on this because it seems to be maybe a strategic evolution here. Is there something going on? Can you help us out?
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, so what I’m looking for thank you for the question. I think what you will see is greater focus, greater prioritization, more fluid allocation of resources, and some of your the earlier questions on the call alluded to that, and higher pace of activity. I mean it’s clear that, it’s just its more competitive out there with innovation and ideas coming from both small, very small companies and big companies and so. So along with the way we focus and prioritize, it’s important for us to just pick up the pace and so of innovation and so, you will see all of those things.
Kenneth B. Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Was there any thought about bringing in outside talent or anything like that or do you think you have the right team for this North American leadership?
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, we have quite a strong team and we are developing and moving and promoting people based on the results that they have achieved over time, and so we have a very effective leadership team in North America well led and I think you will see these points that I made just a minute ago.
Kenneth B. Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: And my last question, usually you talk about acquisitions where there is priority using cash flow. You didn’t talk about that at all. Can you just – I know last year you guys said that you were not thinking about acquisitions. Is it back on the table? Just talk about it broadly. Obviously you are not going to give exact examples, but I just want to know broadly.
Kendall J. Powell: I’m happy to talk about it and you are right we are not going to give exact examples, but yes, M&A is still part of our strategy. We were clear that F14 was the year of consolidating some large acquisitions we done, and then returning cash to shareholders, and if we did both of those things very effectively. We have continued to work during F14 to look at new opportunities in the same markets, the same areas that we have talked about previously getting deeper in emerging markets and better -- snacking in the U.S. or in developed markets more broadly, and as things eventuate we will certainly share with you.
Kenneth B. Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Great, thank you.
Kristen S. Wenker: Thank you, everybody. Give me a shout if you still have questions. I appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-03-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kris Wenker - VP, Investor Relations Don Mulligan - CFO Ken Powell - Chairman and CEO Ann Simonds - Senior VP and President, Baking Products Division
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays David Palmer - RBC Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Thilo Wrede - Jefferies Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse David Driscoll - Citigroup Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Jason English - Goldman Sachs Bryan Spillane - Bank of America
Operator: Welcome to the third quarter F14 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Kris Wenker, senior vice president of investor relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Kris Wenker: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. I'm here with Ken Powell, our chairman and CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO; and Ann Simonds, senior vice president and president of our baking products division. Before I turn the call over to them, I’ll cover my usual housekeeping items. Our press release on third quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It's also posted on the website, if you need it. You can find slides on the website that supplement this morning’s presentation. Our remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions, and the second slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause future results to be different than our current estimates. With that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, starting with Don.
Don Mulligan: Thanks, Kris. Good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us today. As we noted in our preliminary release last week, several factors restrained our third quarter operating performance. Severe winter weather resulted in weak sales trends across the food industry and our categories. Foreign exchange was a headwind. We made significant incremental investments in our U.S. yogurt business in the quarter, including advertising, sampling, and in-store merchandising. Early response is encouraging, and Ken will share the details with you in a few moments. And finally, our comparisons in this quarter were difficult, lapping double digit gains in adjusted segment operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS a year ago. Our third quarter results are summarized on slide five. As a reminder, we’re now excluding Venezuela currency devaluation from total adjusted segment operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. That affects last year’s third and fourth quarters and will likely impact this year’s fourth quarter. In the third quarter, net sales totaled nearly $4.4 billion, 1% below last year. On a constant currency basis, net sales in the quarter matched year ago levels. Adjusted segment operating profit totaled $690 million, 10% below year ago results. Net earnings grew 3% to $411 million, reflecting good control of administrative expenses and favorable mark-to-market effects. Diluted earnings per share were $0.64 as reported, up 7% from last year. Adjusted diluted EPS totaled $0.62, down from $0.66 a year ago. Slide six shows the components of our third quarter net sales growth. As I mentioned, foreign exchange reduced net sales growth by 1 point. Pound volume was 1% below year ago levels and sales mix and net price realization added 1 point of sales growth. Slide seven shows third quarter net sales results by segment. For U.S. retail, net sales declined 2% overall, with gains in our frozen foods, Small Planet foods, and Big G divisions offset by declines in our remaining divisions. Pound volume for U.S. retail was down 1%. International segment sales grew 2% as reported, and 7% on a constant currency basis. Pound volume was down 1%. All four regions achieved constant currency net sales gains, with double-digit growth in Latin America and Asia Pacific. Net sales of our convenience stores and food service segment were down 7% in the quarter. Pound volume declined 3% due in part to winter weather that closed schools, business cafeterias, restaurants, and hotels around the country. Price realization also was lower, reflecting lower index prices on certain product lines. Slide eight shows the third quarter gross margin, excluding mark-to-market effects, declined 80 basis points. This was primarily due to unfavorable mix and higher promotional spending in U.S. retail, plus some weather-related disruption costs in our supply chain. For the fourth quarter, we expect input inflation will be well below year ago levels, and that will help drive strong expansion in our underlying gross margin. Our full year estimate for input cost inflation continues to be 3%. That’s despite the higher dairy inflation we’re seeing. Slide nine shows our third quarter profit growth by operating segment. Comparisons were tough across the board. U.S. retail profit declined 11%. Roughly two-thirds of the decline reflects the impact of dairy inflation and incremental merchandising and marketing investment in our U.S. yogurt business. International profit increased 1%, excluding the Venezuela currency devaluation last year. On a constant currency basis, international profit grew at a mid-single digit rate. Convenience stores and food service profit was down 17%, reflecting the weather-related sales declines. Third quarter after-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $23 million on a reported basis. On a constant currency basis, JV earnings grew at a double digit rate, fueled by net sales growth of 1% for CPW and 13% for Haagen Dazs Japan. Slide 11 summarizes other key income statement items for the third quarter. Interest expense was 1% below last year. We continue to expect full year interest expense will be slightly below last year. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 33.8%, as reported. Excluding the items affecting comparability, the tax rate was 33.6%, compared to 30.5% a year ago. For the full year, we still expect our underlying tax rate to be roughly comparable to last year’s. Finally, average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 4% below last year’s level. Turning to the balance sheet, slide 12 shows the components of core working capital. In the third quarter, our core working capital declined 8% versus a year ago, driven by an increase in our accounts payable balance, and we continue to see positive results from our inventory reduction efforts. Slide 13 summarizes our financial performance through nine months. Net sales grew 2% to $13.6 billion, including 2 points of growth from new businesses. Of our reported net sales growth of 2%, pound volume contributed 2 points, net price realization and mix added 1 point, and foreign exchange reduced sales growth by 1 point. Adjusted segment operating profit was over $2.4 billion, 3% below last year. Net earnings attributable to General Mills totaled over $1.4 billion, and diluted earnings per share were $2.18. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were down 1% to $2.15. The next three slides provide more detail on our nine-month results by segment, starting with U.S. retail. In total, net sales for U.S. retail were flat in the first nine months. This includes sales gains of 8% in Small Planet foods, 5% in snacks, and 2% in Big G cereal. Year to date segment operating profit is down 3%. Sales for our convenience stores and food service segment are down 3% through the first nine months, with segment operating profit 7% below last year. Constant currency international sales are up 11% year to date, led by Latin America, where constant currency sales are up 50%. That includes 3 incremental months of Yoki in the first quarter, but even without that incremental boost, sales would be up double digits. In the Asia Pacific region, sales increased 10%, led by double-digit growth in China. Sales for the Canada region are up 8%, including incremental contributions from Yoplait in the first quarter. And constant currency sales in Europe declined 1%, reflecting the difficult operating environment there. International segment operating profit is up 8% on a reported basis. Excluding all currency effects, international profit grew at a high single-digit rate in the first nine months of the year. Let’s turn to cash flow results. On slide 17, you can see that cash flow from operations in the first nine months exceeded $1.7 billion. This was down from last year, due largely to changes in trade promotion and tax accruals, and the timing of payments to vendors. We anticipate fourth quarter operating cash flow will be up significantly over the last year, driven by strong net earnings growth, normalized working capital trends, and no pension contribution. We anticipate that full year operating cash flow will meet or exceed last year’s strong results. We’re leveraging our robust cash flow to increase our cash returns to shareholders this year. We’ve purchased 29 million shares thus far this year, and for the full year, we expect our average diluted shares outstanding will be roughly 3% below last year’s levels. Last week, we announced a dividend increase of 8%, payable on May 1, which will result in a 17% increase in dividends per share for the full fiscal year. Our outlook for fiscal 2014 is summarized on slide 19. In the fourth quarter, we expect input cost inflation will be below last year’s levels, which, combined with continued HMM delivery, should result in significant gross margin expansion. Our underlying tax rate and diluted shares outstanding will both be significantly lower than last year. As a result, we expect to deliver robust double-digit growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter. For the full year, we expect adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $2.87 to $2.90. I’ll now pass the microphone to Ann Simonds. Ann has managed our baking products division to strong results over the last two years, including good retail sales growth in the latest quarter. Baking products is a key product platform for General Mills in the U.S., and her division has been a leader in developing successful digital marketing capabilities within our U.S. retail business. But I’ll let Ann tell you all about that. Ann?
Ann Simonds: Thank you, Don, and good morning to everyone. It’s a pleasure to be on the call today to give you an update on our baking products business and how we’re growing this portfolio of iconic brands. Internally, we call our baking products division Mill City, which is a tribute to the Minneapolis milling heritage of General Mills and Pillsbury. This division generates $2.5 billion in annual retail sales, making us the largest branded baking business in the U.S., with nearly a 50% share of our baking products categories, combined. Refrigerated baked goods generate over half of our sales, and Pillsbury is the leading brand in this $2 billion category. We’re also home to the Immaculate Baking brand, which includes organic, gluten-free, and Non-GMO Project-verified dough products. Betty Crocker is the leading brand in the $1.8 billion dessert mix category. Combined with the Bisquick brand, baking mixes generate more than a third of our division sales. Gold Medal flour, General Mills’ oldest consumer brand, rounds out our sales. With all of our baking products in one division, we’re leveraging our extensive baking knowledge and driving efficiencies across R&D, manufacturing, and marketing. These efficiencies, along with our market-leading positions, put our division’s profitability well above the company average. We like the growth prospects we see for our business. Dessert mixes and refrigerated dough enjoy high household penetration rates, and people shop these categories nearly every month, because baking is on trend. That’s particularly true with growing consumer groups in the U.S. Millennials are a great demographic for us. As Ken described last month at the CAGNY conference, this is the generation that is starting families. They like to cook and bake. They’re willing to try new things, and they’re also developing an interest in scratch baking. But keep in mind, for many of them, their definition of scratch includes the use of baking mixes to spark their creativity. Boomer households are downsizing, but they still like baked goods. They’re looking for smaller package sizes. We’ve introduced a variety of small pouch baking mixes and five-count packages of fresh dough to appeal to these consumers. The growing Hispanic population represents a great opportunity for our products. Hispanic moms like to bake for their families, and it’s a tradition to have bread with the evening meal, but refrigerated dough is not familiar to them, so in our advertising and packaging, we’re showing them how to use Pillsbury dough, particularly biscuits, to complement a meal. We’re seeing increased household penetration for refrigerated baked goods among these consumers. In the third quarter, retail sales for our business grew 4% overall. Competitive price promotion led to a decline in retail sales for our dessert mixes, but retail sales for our refrigerated baked goods grew 6% and sales for Gold Medal flour were up 15% as we sharpened our price points on this leading brand. For the year to date, our market share of refrigerated dough was 70% and growing. This performance is led by sweet rolls and biscuits. We’re showing consumers creative new ways to use our biscuit dough, from crusts for single-serve pizzas to pockets for sloppy Joes. And we’re bringing new product innovation to our category. We launched Hershey’s baking mixes and frostings earlier this year, giving consumers an affordably priced line of premium products. We’re working to bring news for our baking category year round, not just during the winter holiday season. For example, our Pillsbury Place and Bake cookies in Easter shapes are in stores right now. Seasonal products like these contribute to good year-round sales growth, and they’re highly incremental to our regular business. According to the NPD Group, 30% of households are trying to limit gluten in their diets. Formulating great-tasting gluten-free baked goods is a challenge, but we’re doing it. We launched our first Betty Crocker gluten-free dessert mixes back in 2010. In 2011, we introduced a gluten-free version of Bisquick baking mix, and this year we added sugar cookies and rice flour to the Betty Crocker line, contributing to 23% retail sales growth for our gluten-free mixes so far this year. We also introduced our first gluten-free fresh dough products this year. More than 60% of the sales are incremental to the refrigerated dough category, so watch for more varieties to come. As Ken noted at CAGNY, we support our business with strong levels of advertising. Over the past five years, General Mills U.S. media investment has grown at an 8% compound rate. While we’re the fourth largest U.S. food and beverage company, based on Nielsen measured sales, we’re the second largest food and beverage advertiser. Since 2008, our U.S. media spending has grown nearly 50%, and the mix has changed. TV advertising is still the largest part of our advertising budget, but we’ve significantly increased our use of digital media. Digital media and communication technologies align particularly well on baking businesses. That’s because our consumers have always had an interest in recipes, cookbooks, and sharing food ideas. So the Mill City division pioneered an initiative inside General Mills to look at the future of marketing and build our capabilities to reach consumers in an increasing networked world. While TV is still a significant part of our budget too, our use of digital media is growing at a strong double digit rate, and it now represents more than a third of our total media spending. Let me give you some examples. We know consumers are putting their grocery lists on their smartphones. They’re looking online for recipes, and they’re watching cooking videos on YouTube. The goal of our digital initiatives is to be on the right mobile device, at the right time, with the right message, and we have some well-known equities to leverage. For example, Betty Crocker’s Big Red Cookbook is one of the best-selling cookbooks of all time. Today, this cookbook is a platform to connect with consumers. It can be loaded as an app onto smartphones and tablets. We also include baking tips and shopping lists that are right there with you when you’re in the grocery store. BettyCrocker.com is one of the top 10 most frequently visited websites in the U.S. We’re working to increase that frequency by providing changing and compelling content. We also customize the experience for consumers. If you sign up as a member of BettyCrocker.com, you’ll receive recipes, entertaining ideas, and even coupons that are based on what you look at online and what you buy. I hope some of you will give it a try. Through this membership feature, we’ve developed a robust consumer database. That database helps us identify and act on consumer trends. For example, once we saw the increasing popularity of cronuts, a cross between a crescent and a donut, we were able to quickly develop a recipe for them using our crescent roll dough and send it out to our members. Our digital media also helps us better target our marketing, which increases the likelihood our message gets seen and makes the most efficient use of our media spending. When we send an email to our members, we generally see an increase in traffic to our sites, and we see our recipes and product ideas expand to social media outlets such as Pinterest, giving us even broader exposure. While BettyCrocker.com appeals to aspirational bakers, Pillsbury.com is all about quick and easy preparation. We know that site traffic spikes between 3 p.m. and 4 p.m., as people start to think about dinner, so we’re giving consumers, from a time-crunched Millennial to a Hispanic consumer unfamiliar with refrigerated dough, new and simple ways to use our products to make an evening meal. Starting in January, visitors to our Pillsbury site receive a weekly video on a new use for one of our dough products. This site gets 40 million visitors per year, and we expect that will continue to rise, as we add more video in addition to our daily content. Our Pillsbury website also features recipes from the Pillsbury Bake-Off, which is another unique part of our marketing mix. This is the country’s largest amateur baking contest, and one in four consumers has tried a Bake Off recipe. We continually update the contest to keep it contemporary. For example, in 2013, for the first time, consumers could vote to select the finalist. The Bake Off is a great platform to showcase our products, and a great opportunity to partner with retailers to drive growth. We work with retailers to develop ads, in-store promotions, even customized web pages that feature contest finalists from the retailers’ area and their recipes. I’ll wrap up my comments this morning with these three key points. Consumers are interested in baking, and our products are on trend with the needs of the growing consumer groups Boomers, Millennials, and Hispanic families. We hold the leading brands in the $4 billion U.S. baking category, and we’re supporting these brand with a unique marketing mix that includes increased use of digital assets. We continue to innovate in our categories, providing great quality and value, and we’re bringing news to the baking aisle and refrigerated case year round. I appreciate your interest this morning, and with that, I’ll turn it over to Ken.
Ken Powell : Thanks, Ann, and thanks to you and your great team for these very strong product and marketing initiatives, and good morning to one and all, all of you on the webcast. As you can see, our baking products business is a terrific platform for sales and profit growth in our U.S. retail segment. Now, as Don mentioned earlier, our U.S. results for the third quarter reflect actions we’ve taken on our yogurt business. Let me give you some details. The U.S. yogurt category wasn’t immune to the food industry slowdown this winter. After posting 9% retail sales growth through the first half of the fiscal year, retail sales for the yogurt category grew just 3% in our third quarter. Retail sales for our yogurt business in total declined in the quarter. But during this period, we put our foot down on the gas pedal, with incremental investment in this business, and here’s what we’ve done. We launched 16 new product SKUs in January. That’s twice the number we launched this time a year ago. We increased our merchandising support. This included introductory trade funds to generate feature and display on all of those new products, and we matched competitive merchandise price points on Greek. In January, we announced Yoplait Greek’s taste superiority over the leading blueberry Greek yogurt, and we launched the Greek Taste-Off. As part of that announcement, we began a sampling program that will ultimately reach stores that account for nearly half of total retail volume. We supported this news with incremental TV advertising, and we opened a pop-up store in New York City, so consumers could judge for themselves the superior taste of Yoplait Greek. We’re already seeing benefits from these efforts. Since January, our turns on Greek varieties have increased, and we’ve gained dollar share nearly every week versus last year, reaching more than 10% of the Greek segment in the most recent period. In addition, original style Yoplait has returned to growth. Retail dollar sales are up on Yoplait original for virtually every week in the calendar year to date, on the strength of our family targeted snacking campaign, and distribution for this line is growing again too. We still have work to do on Yoplait Light, but turns for that line are now positive, and we’ve been gaining share in this segment. For the third quarter, the combination of weak category sales, our increased marketing and merchandising investments, and higher dairy input costs reduced sales and profitability for this business. Our reported net sales for Yoplait were down 8%, reflecting lower volume and the increased merchandising, but our sales trends in the marketplace are improving, and we’ll keep our foot on the gas to fuel momentum in this business. Let’s turn to cereal, where our business is growing. Big G net sales were up 1% in the third quarter, and 2% fiscal year to date. We’re gaining share in the category, up 0.3 of a point so far this year. We’ve seen good performance from many of our established brands, like Lucky Charms and Cinnamon Toast Crunch, and our new products launched in January have received good early consumer response. We believe that product news and innovation, combined with high levels of effective advertising, will bring consumers to the category, and so far this year that formula seems to be working for us. New products are contributing to strong growth on our grains snack business. We launched Nature Valley Breakfast Biscuits and Fiber One Meal Replacement Bars in January. They’re helping to drive 10% retail sales growth so far this year, and we’ve gained a full 4 points of dollar share. We’re also seeing good growth on Totino’s. Retail sail for pizza are up 5% so far this year, due to good merchandising execution and distribution gains. And retail sales for Totino’s Pizza Rolls are up 6%, including new Bold Rolls, launched this past summer. Turning to convenient meals, Progresso share of ready to serve soup is growing. We recently announced a partnership with the Mayo Clinic promoting our heart healthy soups. The convenience and great taste of Old El Paso Mexican foods are driving good growth for this brand. Fiscal year to date, retail sales are up 4%, and we’ve gained half a point of dollar share as we promote the fresh aspects of these dinner kits. And in the freezer case, Old El Paso entrees, launched last September, are on track to deliver $50 million in retail sales in their first year. Finally, our natural and organic products continue to perform well. Cascadian Farm cereals are up 1% in natural and traditional grocery outlets combined, and our snack business is growing nicely, as we’ve recently introduced new varieties of Food Should Taste Good chips and crackers, Uber bars, and Cascadian Farm protein granola bars. For the U.S. retail segment in total, we expect category top line trends to improve gradually as the calendar year unfolds, and we expect to show a strong profit increase in the fourth quarter. Turning to our convenience stores and food service business, Don outlined the drivers of our overall sales and profit decline. However, we’re seeing growth in several of our key product platforms. Net sales for our snack items is up 4% fiscal year to date on good performance in convenience stores. Net sales for yogurt increased 10%, due in part to continued good performance on Yoplait Parfait Pro. And net sales for our frozen breakfast products are up 23% so far this year. Our international businesses continue to post solid results. Through the first nine months, net sales and segment operating profit are both up 8%, with good growth in both developed and emerging markets. On a constant currency basis, excluding both foreign exchange and last year’s Venezuelan currency devaluation, net sales are up 11% fiscal year to date and operating profit has increased at a high single digit rate. In Europe, our constant currency net sales are down 1% year to date. We have some good new product introductions just entering this region. We’re introducing Old El Paso stand and stuff tacos in France and the U.K., and new Haagen Dazs Triple Sensations ice cream treats are launching in the U.K. this spring. In Canada, our grain snacks are performing well, and our Liberte and Yoplait product line continue to drive growth of the Greek segment, with a combined 35% share. Constant currency net sales in China are up 13% so far this year, fueled by Haagen Dazs ice cream and Wanchai Ferry frozen foods. And we’re having a good year in Latin America. In Brazil, we’re now launching a line of baking mixes cobranded with Yoki and Betty Crocker. We think these sweet snacks will be another good platform for us in this growing market. And one quick word on Cereal Partners Worldwide. Constant currency net sales for CPW are up 1% so far this year. We’re seeing growth on many core brands, including Lion in Europe, Chocapic in Asia, and Shreddies in the U.K., and CPW recently launched a variety of new products in Europe, Asia, and Australia. So our international businesses continue to post good performance in developed and emerging markets. So with that, let me summarize today’s General Mills update. It was a tough third quarter, reflecting some clear external headwinds along with our actions to increase marketing and merchandising investments in U.S. yogurt. We expect strong earnings growth in the fourth quarter, and the drivers of that growth are relatively straightforward. We see lower input cost inflation, a lower tax rate, and a lower average share count in the period. For 2014 in total, our guidance for adjusted diluted earnings per share is a range of $2.87 to $2.90. We’re getting there differently than we planned. Top line trends in developed markets have been softer than anticipated, but we’ve offset that with good administrative cost control, lower interest expense, and increased share repurchase. And we’re delivering the robust cash returns to shareholders that we outlined for fiscal 2014, with a dividend increase of 17% and strong share repurchase activity. So I’ll leave it there, and we’ll now open the call to your questions. Operator, would you please get us going?
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays : First, Ken, of the three main drivers you mentioned around lower yogurt profitability in the quarter: increased dairy costs, trade promotion for the new products, and some price matching in Greek, and then on the consumer spend, I was hoping you could dimensionalize them for us a bit. Was one much larger an impact than the others, or were they all about equal?
Ken Powell : It was basically a third, a third, a third. Don, do you want to put a finer point on that? No, he doesn’t. So significant dairy inflation. We did get those merchandising price points in line, and there has been a good increase in consumer spending, and that spending is all about taste, Andrew. It’s very taste-oriented advertising, and it’s a lot of sampling. We want to get these products in people’s mouths, because we know that they perform very, very well, and people like them. So think a third, a third, a third.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays : And on its conference call last week, Post mentioned that it expects the ready to eat cereal category growth will return to a single digit rate of growth in 2015. And they’re basing that on a lot of the actions taken by the two leaders in the category to bring consumers back in. And they also thought that many of the more recent demand shocks in the category are sort of nearer to the end than the beginning. And most of their comments are really based on what you and others do, as opposed to them, but I guess I just wanted to get some thoughts on if you share that level of optimism about ’15 for cereal, or maybe their comments are a bit premature at this stage.
Ken Powell : We certainly share their optimism on the outlook for the cereal category, which is a great category in response to innovation. And I would also share the view that, for instance, as you look at the growth of Greek yogurt as an example, I think that is still growing, but that growth is starting to taper. And to the degree there’s been some interaction there, that also is potentially something to monitor closely. I would love to see it return to growth in 2015. As we’ve said, we think that the recipe is all about core brand renovation and good new products, and good levels of advertising. And we’re very focused on doing that. And we’re hearing good messaging from the other leaders in the category that they’re focused on that as well, so we think, as those things continue to increase, and we continue to see the level of renovation strengthened in the category, consumers are going to come back in. We’re very confident that that will happen, and that’s why we’re focused on those kinds of activities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC.
David Palmer - RBC: You mentioned the weather drag in the quarter. Specifically in the last couple of months, just looking at the scanner data, it looks like some of the home meal oriented categories improved, presumably because people were eating more at home. Could you just talk about what you’re seeing with the weather and exactly what you meant by that?
Ken Powell : I'd be happy to David. I have to say, I didn't – could you just repeat the – you were – it wasn't exactly clear. You said your data shows what?
David Palmer - RBC: There were a lot of the home meal oriented categories. It looked like they improved in the last couple of scanner period, considerably because people were eating more at home and as you know restaurants were suffering over those same two months, and so it seems logical that people were eating more at home, so, just wondering what you are seeing in terms of a net impact to your business.
Ken Powell: First of all, our categories, over the three months of the quarter, actually declined sequentially, and basically February for us, the categories were flat. So we were seeing softening of retail purchases as well. Now, as we’ve gone into the most recent periods, which I think is the data that you’ve referenced you saw, we are seeing those categories start to recover, although, I have to say, from a pretty low basis. But as the weather improves, we are seeing those categories recover. Just in terms of the nature of the weather impact, basically, on our side, it really just disrupted plant operations and logistics. So we lost 62 days of production, which would be 3% or 4%, which hasn’t happened in a long time to us, think decades. And that would be the result of people not being able to get into work safely, or not having inputs arrive. And so there was that impact. There’s an even greater logistics impact, as trucks couldn’t move, and the rail system becomes less efficient. And those things combined, basically, as Don said, those combine to add cost to the quarter. And then on the retail side, we’ll let the retailers give you all the detail there, but I think basically it’s just fewer trips for all the obvious reasons. Fewer trips to restaurants, and then of course in schools and universities, which were closed, they’re just serving fewer meals in cafeterias, and those sales are clearly lost. So it’s a combination of logistics and plant factors that added the cost, and consumers staying at home and probably drawing down a bit from their own pantries, which slowed down the industry. Does that give you a bit of texture?
David Palmer - RBC : That is helpful. And I guess just one separate last question here, just on the M&A front, I haven’t heard you talk about acquisitions lately. Wondering is that something that you’re still continuing to look for deals from that angle, or are you looking more international still with regard to acquisitions?
Don Mulligan : We are still looking to see how we can continue to refine and evolve our portfolio, and our focus areas haven’t changed. Emerging markets, obviously our move into Brazil was very instrumental in that respect about a year and a half ago. So we continue to look at it. As we’ve said before, we’re interested in expanding our businesses and getting a larger footprint, particularly in Indonesia and India. And then within the developed markets, particularly in the U.S., the area of the better for you snacking, we’ve made some moves over the last couple of years in that regard. It remains a point of interest. But as we said a year ago, F14 was not going to be a year of acquisitions, and that’s how it’s playing out. But we’ll continue to look, and share news as it becomes relevant.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Ken, you mentioned an expectation that U.S. food industry volumes should improve going forward. How much of that is just related to some of the extraordinary factors like weather that impacted Q3 and how much is an expectation of a tangible improvement in consumption? And just with respect to the inflation outlook, in a number of commodities, not necessarily grains, but a number of commodities moving higher, what’s the risk that more selective price increases across the industry could limit the likelihood of that volume improvement playing out?
Ken Powell : In terms of the development of our categories, I think it’s going to be both the points that you mentioned. In the short term, we’re coming off of a very severe winter, and we’re already seeing our categories strengthen a little bit as we get through that. And as we’ve said in the past, while the economy is improving slowly and incomes are strengthening slowly, they are improving. And we think that as incomes continue to grow and consumers gain confidence, that will be a positive sign for our category. The one other near term headwind I think are the SNAP reductions that took place over the course of last year, and I think will continue to impact us a little bit this year. That was clearly adding some purchasing power to consumers when it comes to food. So that would be a bit of a headwind. But in general, we see the economy strengthening, and that will support our categories. In terms of inflation, it’s always a mixed bag. Some things are up and some are down. For us, grains have moderated significantly. As everyone knows, dairy costs have been significantly higher. On balance, though, as we’ve said the last couple of times, we see the inflation environment manageable at this point. We’ll be able to offset the inflation that we see with our productivity efforts, and we would expect pricing to remain relatively stable in the near term.
Don Mulligan : The only thing I would add is the recent jump in some certain commodities and some of the headline news that has made, as we’ve talked about before, as we look forward for inflation, we assume that we’ll see the same kind of inflation we’ve seen over the last six or eight years, which is in that 4% and 5% range. And I don’t think anyone is projecting something different than that as we go forward. From our standpoint, I think we’ve shown the ability to offset that through productivity and mix management and our [HMM] activities.
Ken Powell : And just to add one final thought, triggered by Don’s comment, the whole oats controversy. In fact, we had a great harvest in the northern of oat growing regions this year. We just couldn’t get it to market because of the logistics disruptions that I mentioned over the winter. So that’s a short term spike in oat costs, and those should moderate going forward.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley :
 :
Ken Powell : I think it’s already passed you by.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley : All right. Well, no need, then. Just one follow up on Yoplait. I appreciate that the share trends at retail are improving, but based on the step down that we’re seeing in implied third quarter shipments, even though there’s new products coming out, it looks like you’re working down an imbalance in new products and inventories that’s been going on for the past two quarters, where do inventories stand now? And are we sort of at the point where we should expect to see shipments align a bit better with consumption going forward?
Ken Powell : Well, consumption was ahead of shipments in the quarter, and eventually those things always come into line, especially for a short shelf product like yogurt. But what we have been seeing really over several months, really since December, for Yoplait in total, we’re seeing our distribution expand, which is a very good sign. As I said, we’re seeing Yoplait Original now growing on an absolute basis. It’s very significant to us that Yoplait Light turns are now positive, because positive turns are, if you will, the precondition for being able to expand distribution. And if we’re able to maintain that turn strength, ultimately we’ll get that franchise going on an absolute basis as well. And as I said, we’re very pleased with the early trends that we’re seeing across all of our Yoplait Greek products, which include Yoplait Greek 100 and now Greek Blended, and lots of flavors, formats, multipacks. And so as you say, there’s still more to do, but we feel we’re quite a bit ahead today where we were six months ago, and we like the direction the business is going in.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Thilo Wrede from Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies : At CAGNY, you made a comment that you see growth out there in the packaged food industry, but you have to work harder to get that growth. Are these measures that you’ve taken on Yoplait Greek an example for how you’ve worked harder? And if so, does that mean that you might expand these measures to categories like cereal and what would that mean for margins going forward?
Ken Powell : Well, for yogurt, we’ve reached a point where we have the right product portfolio. As I just mentioned, it’s a very broad and consumer focused portfolio, and the products are very high quality. And we have the distribution that we needed, and critically, we have the manufacturing capacity that we need. And so it’s the perfect time for us to really go out and drive trial on these products through, as I mentioned, strong advertising and sampling. So it’s a good time to really focus and build that business. In cereal, we are going to work harder there. We already have high levels of trial generating advertising and consumer focus support in the cereal business. There, our focus is on the renovation of brands, often by bringing important health news to them. And we see that work well for us. We’ve commented, for instance, on the success of gluten-free brands or taste improvements, or new products. And so it’s very much an innovation focus in categories like cereal. I think the way it plays out will vary by category, but we just think, in a time where the consumer is a little bit stretched, we just believe that the way forward is through innovation and renovation and strong communication of our benefits. And when we get that right, we see it work across all of our categories. And that’s really the focus for us.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies : And what does it mean in terms of margin pressure for the next 12 months?
Ken Powell : As I mentioned earlier, we’re expecting manageable levels of inflation. I think as you all know, we have very disciplined productivity programs. And so I’m not going to comment today on what our margins will look like over the next 12 months, but I will say, among our peers, we’ve been among the very best over the last five years of maintaining or expanding margins because of our productivity discipline. And certainly we’ll keep that mindset going forward.
Don Mulligan : What I would add to that is there are some product lines we launched that are margin accretive on a dollar basis, but maybe margin dilutive on a percentage basis. Greek yogurt is a good example of that, where from a per-serving basis, we actually make a bit more penny profit on Greek, but because of the higher price point, it’s actually slightly margin dilutive on the gross margin line, but it’s obviously dollar accretive. So those tradeoffs that we’re willing to make, we also then look at our operating margins, and there’s a couple of factors that can come into play there. One is we obviously have very strong control on our admin expenses. If you look at our SG&A for the year, it’s flat year to date. And I expect it to be flat or even slightly down on a full year basis, so that is part of managing those margins as well. The other, and Ann touched on this, is that in our digital marketing, as we go to market digitally, we see strong returns there, and that helps manage our margins as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse : Just a question on yogurt in China. Can you talk about the investment that you’re making there, maybe quantify it and then talk about that business in terms of how big you think it can be in year one?
Don Mulligan : We’re not going to quantify how much we’re putting into the market, but we are making a substantial move to tap into what we think is a very attractive yoga market, one that already is relatively large, but we think there’s an opportunity for Yoplait to have a leading role. I think that’s all we’re ready to share at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll from Citigroup.
David Driscoll - Citigroup : Just wanted to touch on the fact that the full year EPS guidance would imply something like 40% of fourth quarter growth, and it seems a lot of that will come from margin expansion. And I think that signals that it’s transitioning into a more favorable cost environment as you indicated in the press release. How should we think about this going forward? As the rest of calendar ‘14 plays out, should we expect to see similar favorability in the types of costs that you’re experiencing on a year over year basis?
Don Mulligan : Let me just take you through Q4. We touched on some points that I just want to make sure are clear. Because essentially all of our EPS growth is in the fourth quarter, so I think it’s important for investors to understand how we get there. And they are, I think, very visible. Again, the primary ones would be the gross margin expansion. To your point, we expect a deceleration of inflation - we still expect inflation, but decelerating - in the fourth quarter, which is very different than a year ago, when we were seeing accelerating inflation. So we’ll have pretty significant margin expansion, and obviously our HMM activities will continue to be very robust. For the full year, we expect our tax rate to be comparable to last year. And if you look over the last several years, we have consistently held or dropped our tax rate on an annual basis, but quarter to quarter, it can vary quite significantly. And last year’s fourth quarter was actually a higher tax rate quarter. So we’ll have favorability in our tax line. And then I mentioned the share count. We have been accumulating shares as the year has gone on. One percent reduction in Q1, 2% in Q2, 4% reduction in Q3. So you can kind of expand from there what Q4 could be. So those factors will come through, but importantly, we’re not banking on accelerated sales growth. Frankly, we expect our sales growth to be about the same as it has been year to date. So it’s really based on those middle of the P&L factors that will get us that substantial EPS gain in the fourth quarter and have us deliver the full year in the same range as we talked about back in July. As far as what it means going forward, obviously we’re not in a position today to give F15 guidance for inflation or any portion of our financials, but I guess I would just caution, based on the question that Matt asked earlier, inflation is a tough thing to project. Everyone was asking us if we were going to see deflation a few months ago, and now there’s been a turn in some markets and people are asking us if we’re going to see accelerating inflation next year. So I just would caution not to get ahead of ourselves in terms of what our inflation expectations are. But we will be very clear what they are when we release our results in the fourth quarter, when we give ’15 guidance in June.
David Driscoll - Citigroup : Moving on to yogurt, obviously you were negatively impacted by some inflation in dairy. Should we be expecting any price increases in yogurt from you in the near future? And what have you seen in terms of your competitors in the market in terms of pricing?
Ken Powell : We never talk about possible or prospective pricing increases. I will comment that we have seen, as you all know, dairy inflation over the last year, primarily driven by increased demand for dry powdered milk, primarily in Asia and particularly in China. And that demand really is driving the market. And I think the herds shrank a little bit earlier in the economic crisis. But those things have a way of adjusting, and we’re not seeing it yet, but the prices are unusually high now, and we expect that they’ll moderate over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: A couple of follow ups to some of those questions. One is, when you think about next year, are you using your base earnings of $2.87 to $2.90, or are you using the number including Venezuela when you think about the growth rate?
Don Mulligan : We’re going to use $2.87 to $2.90. Part of the reason to take out Venezuela is the remeasurement impact of Venezuela, it’s a one-time noncash event that we don’t think is representative of our underlying earnings profile.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets : It’s been four years you’ve been a little bit below your long term growth algorithm, do you see material headwinds derail you for another year or two? Or do you think things are actually becoming a little bit more normalized, if that’s a good way to use the word?
Ken Powell: I would say that things are slowly improving, and our comment at CAGNY was that for next year, we’re affirming our growth model. But you know, we continue to see slow improvement, with an emphasis on slow. And I think we’ve been saying that consistently, and our predictions have been accurate over the last several years.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets : And then on the Yoplait side of it, do you think that the competitive environment has structurally compressed the margins for that business? Or do you think it will be able to return to the margins of the last couple of years once you get through this period of time of getting your market share where you want it to be? Can you talk about that?
Ken Powell : I think the inflation that we’ve commented on, that’s the critical factor that’s compressed the margins. And there’s always volatility in those input costs. But that’s been the key issue. Obviously, our mix has changed, and it is changing quite significantly as the category migrates to Greek. But as Don said, we like the price point of Greek yogurts. They’re $1 or more, so we like that a lot. On a percentage basis, the margins are a bit lower, but certainly overall, on an absolute basis, we think those margins are just fine. So I think the key thing will be to work our way through this inflation, which we will eventually do, and we’ll see margins strengthen as we do that.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets : And my last question, for Don, is you’ve mentioned that you’re obviously doing a lot of work on your working capital, but this quarter, your working capital actually cost you cash, but you said it was going to normalize in the fourth quarter. Can you just explain that? I just didn’t understand it.
Don Mulligan : I’d break out the working capital into two components. The core working capital that I highlighted on the slides, the bulk of it, and that was down 8%, and that will be down for the full year as it has been for the last three to four years. So that will be a cash contributor. You also have accruals and payment timings for our trade, for our tax, for our advertising. Those were negative this quarter. Those will normalize as the year unfolds. So you’ll see pretty strong cash inflow from working capital in our fourth quarter. And for the full year, we still expect working capital in total to be a cash contributor for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs : First, you’re abstaining from giving us an outlook for next year right now. You have in the past, around this time, felt comfortable giving us at least a bit of a glimpse into the fall. So my question, is why not now? What’s preventing you from giving us that outlook?
Don Mulligan : We don’t historically give guidance until June. We did it on a one-off basis last year because we were coming through a period of pretty significant change in terms of the portfolio, a couple of large deals. We also had some operating headwinds that meant we were off model from a bottom line earnings and a cash return to shareholders standpoint. And the last piece was very strategically, we decided, because we had some strategic M&A that we wanted to do. So last year we made a point of noting that we’d be back on model both from earnings and a cash return standpoint in FY14, but that was a one-time view to the future that we thought was important for the market. But historically, in every other year, we have given guidance in June, and that’s what our practice will be this year as well.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs : On cereal, net sales look pretty strong for you so far this year. I think you said up around 1 or 2, around 2 for year to date, around 1 this quarter. Clearly, consumption is not tracking there. So my question is, on inventory, are you just coming off a very low base, and this is just sort of rebuild to normalized levels, or is there risk that we get a [deload] at some point in the future.
Ken Powell : Some of it is shipments of new products. We launched three more in January, and those always expand inventory. As you’ve observed, we also have had good share gains, about 30 basis points over the nine months of the year so far, and really over 40 basis points of share improvement in Q3. But you’re right, our shipments are a little bit ahead of sales right now, and I would expect those to come in line over time.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs : Yoplait, congratulations on some of the early read success on the Greek side, and it’s encouraging to hear about some of the turns on Light. When we look at your aggregate yogurt portfolio, the turn rate has been decelerating since something around down 10% and down 6% the prior 12 weeks, and down 3% the 12 weeks before then. In light of some of the strength you’re seeing, I guess where is the big offset that’s causing velocity to decline so rapidly?
Ken Powell : There were two areas that have been declining over the last period of time. Light, which continues to decline, although at a rate less than the Light segment, that one continues to decline overall, and largely because of distribution [unintelligible]. But as I said, where it is in distribution, we’ve seen the turns reverse now. Those are growing now, which again sets up a case for us to hold and then expand distribution. We also had an uncharacteristic decline in our kid business over the last couple of quarters, and that’s been a good grower for us, all the way through. And we attribute that to our own variability in execution. We don’t feel we had the right kind of kid-oriented promotions on Gogurt. And that’s easily correctable. So those are the two soft spots, and we think those are both reversible, and we like the trends on Yoplait original and Greek, as we said.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America : Don, as you went through the fourth quarter drivers, really helpful. If I’m looking at it correctly, it looks like, for the full year, it gets you to the low end of a mid-single digit operating profit growth. Am I looking at that correctly?
Don Mulligan: Operating profit growth, we ended the year with guidance of mid-single digit. Given what we’re coming off of in the third quarter, I think we’ll probably be a touch below that for the full year.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America : And then just in terms of this year getting to the earnings growth in a way that was a little bit different than what you were projecting at the start of the year, looking forward, as we start to try to model going forward, and just assuming that we’re in the algorithm for next year, does it put more burden on operating profit growth, because now we’re comping against really good cost control in SG&A, we’re comping against a lower share count, we’re comping against the tax rate being flat? I’m just trying to get a better understanding of, just to get back on the algorithm, do some of the other line items in the P&L get more burdened next year in terms of trying to get there?
Don Mulligan : I don’t know if I’d say more burdened. It certainly depends on us getting back on model on the operating side, sales and SOP growth. We’re getting to the bottom line number this year, but we’re not getting to it in the way we intended at the beginning of the year. Next year, we intend to build a plan that gets us there starting from the top line and working through SOP all the way down to EPS.
Kris Wenker: All right, I think we’re over time everybody, so if there’s someone left in queue, apologies. Give us a call and we’ll try and help you out.

===== 2014 Q2  (2013-12-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kris Wenker - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Don Mulligan - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Ian Friendly - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer - U.S. Retail Ken Powell - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Diane Geissler - CLSA Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the General Mills Second Quarter Fiscal 2014 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, December 18, 2013. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kris Wenker, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kris Wenker: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. I am here with Ken Powell, our CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO; and Ian Friendly, Chief Operating Officer for our U.S. Retail segment, and I will turn the call over to them in just a minute. First, I am going to cover my usual housekeeping items. Our press release on second quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It's also posted on the web if you need a copy and you can find slides on our website that supplement this morning's presentation. Our remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions and the second slide lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. With that, I will turn you over to my colleagues, starting with Don.
Don Mulligan: Thanks, Kris. Good morning and happy holidays to everyone. Thank you for joining us today. This year's second quarter did not include the weaker thanksgiving, while last year's results included the holiday. You will see some impact that timing shift in our reported results which are summarized on Slide 4. Net sales totaled $4.9 billion, essentially flat to last year. We have now anniversaried the additions of Yoki and Yoplait Canada last year, so these results largely reflect base business performance. Segment operating profit totaled $920 million. This is 4% below year ago results. They grew 10%. In addition to this tough comparison higher input costs were headwind in the quarter. Net earnings totaled $550 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.84 as reported, up 2% from last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share, which excludes certain items affecting comparability declined 3% to $0.83 per share. Last year's adjusted diluted EPS grew a robust 13%. Slide 5 shows the components of our second quarter net sales growth. Pound volume essentially matched year ago levels despite the Thanksgiving shift and has slowed down seen across the food and beverage industry in developed markets during the second quarter. Sales mix and net price realization added one point of sales growth and foreign exchange reduced net sales by one percentage point. Slide 6 shows second quarter net sales results by segment. The U.S. retail net sales declined 1% overall with gains in our Snacks, Small Planet Foods and Big G divisions offset by declines in our remaining divisions. Excluding the impact of the Thanksgiving holiday shift, we estimate U.S. retail net sales would have been roughly flat. International segment sales grew 2% as reported and 5% on a constant currency basis. Results for the quarter were particularly strong in Latin America and Canada fueled by year-over-year growth for our Yoki and Yoplait businesses. Net sales for our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment were down 2% in the quarter reflecting price declines on index priced items. Slide seven shows the second quarter gross margin excluding mark-to-market effects, declined 100 basis points. This is primarily due to higher input costs and unfavorable mix. We are continuing to estimate a 3% supply chain inflation for the full year. Second half inflation is expected to be lower than the first half. At the end of the second quarter we were roughly 70% covered on our commodity needs for the full fiscal year. Slide eight shows our second quarter profit growth by operating segment. U.S. retail profit declined 6% driven by higher inflation and in comparison to strong year-ago profit that grew 9%. International profit increased 10% despite unfavorable foreign exchange rates and a fraud-related asset loss of approximately $12 million in the quarter. Convenience Stores and Foodservice profit was down 12% from year ago profits that grew 24%. Second quarter after-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $26 million on a reported basis. On a constant currency basis, after tax JV earnings were down $4 million driven by increased consumer marketing investments by CPW. Constant currency net sales for CPW increased 2% with growth in Asia and Latin America partially offset by category weakness in Europe. Constant currency net sales for Häagen-Dazs Japan grew 11% led by Core mini-cup growth and strong new product performance including the launch of our new Crunchy Crunch stick bars. Slide ten summarizes other key income statement items for the second quarter. Corporate unallocated expenses excluding mark-to-market effects declined $9 million in the quarter. Second quarter interest expense decreased $7 million driven by a shift in mix of debt that lowered our average interest rate. During the quarter, we issued a €500 million bond, our first non-U.S. dollar-denominated bond in over 25 years. As we analyze our current debt mix and future requirements, we now expect full year interest expense to be slightly lower than 2013 levels. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 33.3% as reported. Excluding items affecting comparability, the tax rate was 33.2% compared to 32.8% a year ago. We are still estimating our full-year underlying tax rate will be comparable to last year's rate of 32.4%. Turning to the balance sheet. Slide 11 shows the components of core working capital. In the second quarter, our core working capital declined 7% versus a year ago driven by an increase in our accounts payable balance, and we continue to see positive results from our inventory reduction efforts. Slide 12 summarizes our financial performance through the first half of the fiscal year. Net sales grew 4% to more than $9 billion. Pound volume contributed 4 points of growth. Net price realization and mix added 1 point, and foreign exchange reduced sales growth by 1 point in the first half. Segment operating profit was essentially flat to last year at over $1.7 billion, reflecting input cost inflation, foreign exchange headwinds, and a difficult comparison to last year's 8% growth. Additionally, media spending for the first half increased 2%. Net earnings attributable to General Mills totaled just over $1 billion and diluted earnings per share were $1.54. Excluding items affecting comparability, our adjusted diluted earnings per share totaled $1.53, up 1% from a year ago. The next three slides provide more detail on our first half net sales by segment. Starting with our U.S. retail segment on slide 13. In total, net sales for U.S. retail increased 1% in the first half led by our Snacks, Small Planet Foods, Big G cereals, and baking divisions. Sales for Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment declined 1% in the first six months of the year. Remember, that's consistent with our expectations for this segment in 2014. We continue to focus on product mix in this business with good results. Net sales of our priorities platforms including snacks, cereal, yogurt, and frozen breakfast are up 6% in the first half. Slide 15 summarizes our international net sales results on a constant currency basis through the first half. Sales grew 13% overall led by Canada, where constant currency sales increased 11%, including incremental contributions from Yoplait during the first quarter. In Latin America, sales grew nearly 75%, including three incremental months from Yoki in the first quarter, but we also saw excellent growth from Yoki in the second quarter and double-digit growth from our other businesses in the region. Sales for the Europe region declined 2%, reflecting the tough operating environment there. In constant currency, sales in Asia-Pacific region increased 8% led by double-digit growth in China. Let's now turn to cash flow results. On slide 16, you can see that cash flow from operations exceeded $1 billion through the first half. This was down from last year largely due to change in trade promotion accruals and the timing of payments to vendors. Even so, we anticipate operating cash flow will grow at a low-single digit rate for the full year. Capital expenditures totaled $269 million through six months, roughly comparable to last year and we are leveraging our robust cash flow to increase our cash returns to shareholders this year. Through the first half, we paid $490 million in dividends, reflecting a 15% increase per share that went into effect in August. This was our 115th consecutive year of dividend payment without reduction or interruption. We also repurchased approximately 18 million shares of common stock this year for a total of $864 million. Average diluted earnings per share outstanding for the first half were 2% from the prior year. Our outlook for the second half of fiscal 2014 is summarized on slide 17. We expect low-single digit net sales growth driven in part by an excellent slate of new products that Ian and Ken will discuss shortly. We are not expecting the softness across the food and bev industry and Q2 will improve in the second half of the year, and we expect foreign exchange will continue to dampen net sales growth in the second half, but we are seeing good growth in our December shipments due in part to the Thanksgiving holiday shift. We anticipate mid-to-high single-digit growth in segment operating profit in the second half helped by lower levels of input cost inflation and easier comparison than we had in the first half. Our second half forecast includes an assumption of continued foreign exchange headwinds. We have also considered possible currency devaluation in Venezuela, when modeling second half. We are forecasting double-digit growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share for the second half with the strongest growth coming in the fourth quarter. For the full year, we still expect adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.87 to $2.90, although devaluation of the Venezuela bolivar could likely put us at the low end of that range. With that, I will turn the microphone over to Ian.
Ian Friendly: Thanks, Don, and good morning everyone. I appreciate the opportunity to give you an update on our U.S. Retail segment. As we look across the 25 categories where we compete, trends mirror the broader U.S. food and beverage industry, growth has slowed a bit. Slide 19 shows you that for these categories, unit volume is essentially comparable to last year and pricing is up modestly. This is a challenging environment, but it is an improvement from 2012 when sharp commodity inflation resulted in above-average food price increases across the grocery store. We believe today’s more stable in-store environment allows product news and consumer marketing to be effective. In U.S. Cereal, category sales remained soft. Although we did see some improvement in the latest month, we have led growth in this category for several years and we have gained shares through the first half of fiscal 2014. We plan to drive growth in the second half with continuing product news and innovation. We brought protein to the cereal aisle in June with Nature Valley Protein Granola. It had 10 grams of protein per serving. That's more than twice the cereal category average. Performance on these cereals is exceeding expectations, and we will add a cranberry almond flavor next month. In total, this line is expected to generate more than $30 million in year one sales. We have more innovation coming in January. We are launching two varieties of Fiber One protein cereal. They provide the unique combination of 10 grams of protein and 20% of the daily value of fiber per serving and they taste great. New chocolate toast crunch extends our Cinnamon Toast Crunch franchise, which posted 4% retail sales growth through the first half. We are introducing a dark chocolate version of multigrain Cheerios with 14 grams of wholegrain per serving and our newest Cascadian Farm organic cereals as Graham Crunch. We expect our cereal business to show continued sales growth in the second half of this year. We are supporting our cereals with strong levels of consumer directed marketing and advertising including traditional TV, digital media, and Hispanic focused advertising, and for the first time in 18 years, General Mills will be on the air during the Super Bowl with a spot for Cheerios. In Yogurt, our retail sales in Neilson measured outlets has been improving. Through the first half, retail sales are within 2% of last year's and we expect our sales momentum to improve in the second half of the fiscal year as distribution on Yoplait Greek products continues to build and we launch a variety of new items. Greek yogurt is still leading category growth. We launched Yoplait Greek blended yogurt last quarter and they are off to a good start. We will add several new flavors to this line next month. Yoplait Greek 100 reduced calorie yogurt launched roughly 18 months ago, gained nearly 4 points of share in the Greek segment through the first half. We are extending this line with new apple pie and strawberry cheesecake flavors. Retail sales growth for our Yoplait Greek products in total continues to outpace the Greek segment. We are also expanding distribution on these lines and increasing our unit churns as you can see on slide 25. Our Core cup business trends are improving. Base unit sales on Yoplait original turned positive in the second quarter, driven in part by increased levels of advertising. This includes our Swap a Snack campaign, reminding consumers that yogurt can be a great tasting and better for you snack option. We have been posting good distribution growth on Liberté yogurt and we have plenty of headspace to grow this brand across the U.S. Next month we will add new flavors to our Greek and Mediterranean offerings and we are updating our packaging getting the brand fresh contemporary look. Fueled by our innovation and marketing plans, we continue to expect renewed sales growth for our U.S. yogurt business in fiscal 2014. In snacks, we continue to lead growth in the $3 billion grain snacks category. Over the past five years we have added almost 10 points of market share and we are up nearly four more share point through the first half of this fiscal year with retail sales up 11%. With retail sales up 11%. The driver of this strong performance is terrific product innovation, with items like Fiber One lemon bars and Nature Valley soft baked oatmeal squares and Greek yogurt protein bars, all launched in the first half of the year. We plan to keep this momentum going with more innovation in the second half. Fiber One grain snacks are growing at a 14% pace so far this year, building on double-digit growth over the past couple of years. Next month, we will introduce Fiber One meal bars. These great tasting bars contain 10 grams of protein and 9 grams of fiber. We think they will appeal to weight conscious consumers looking for a quick and nutritious meal replacement. Nature Valley grain snacks also are growing at a double-digit pace. Next month, we are launching breakfast biscuits shown on slide 30. With at least 26 grams of wholegrain per serving, they offer long-lasting energy to get through that midmorning slump. If your taste runs for savory snacks, you will like our new Green Giant sweet potato fries and cheddar veggie puffs, extending this line of better for you snacks. We are adding popcorn for Chex Mix giving consumers a lighter snacking alternative, and we will introduce Fiber One all family fruit snacks with just 70 calories per serving. We have been adding some great natural and organic items to our snacking portfolio too, driving double-digit retail sales growth across traditional and natural and organic channels combined. In January, we will introduce new flavors of our successful Uber fruit and nut bars. We are bringing some zesty flavors to food should taste good chips with guacamole and falafel varieties and Cascadian Farms is launching protein granola bars. We expect these new items will contribute to continued good growth for our Small Planet Foods division. Growth of the $2 billion dinner mix category has paused in recent months and we have given up share through the first half. Our Helper mixes compete in the add to meat segment of this big category. And in this segment, Helper is gaining dollar share driven by new Chicken Helper and Ultimate Helper varieties launched this past summer. In the second half, we will introduce new flavors of Ultimate Chicken Helper and we are kicking it up a notch with a line of new bold helpers in firehouse chili crispy buffalo chicken and chipotle chicken and enchilada flavors. Ready-to-serve soup is another convenient meal option in our Progresso brand continues to lead growth to this category. Our dollar share is up more than half a point year-to-date, our new varieties of performing well including a line of Tetra Pak, Artisan Soups currently available on the East Coast. We are building our leading position in the Mexican food aisle. Sales and market share Old El Paso are up, led by new stand n' stuff soft tortillas. In the second quarter, we launched Old El Paso in the freezer case and early results for these multi-serve frozen entrées are positive. Finally, baking season is in full swing and we have got a solid marketing initiatives going on our Pillsbury dough and Betty Crocker dessert mixes. Year-to-date, through the first week of December, we posted share gains on our refrigerated dough business and we had strong levels of advertising and in-store merchandising lined up the rest of the holiday season, so we like the outlook for this business. Across all of U.S. retail, we will launch more than 50 new products in the back half of the year. That's on top of the more than 100 items launched in the first half, but it's not just quantity it's quality that matters and we think we have a strong lineup of product innovation that will contribute good growth for U.S. retail in 2014. We are supporting our new and established products with strong levels of consumer marketing. Through the first half, our advertising spending is up 1%, in line with sales growth. Across our key categories, our share of voice continues to exceed our share of category sales. We are also leveraging the strong capabilities of our dedicated U.S. sales force. We believe this team gives us a competitive advantage in the marketplace and our retail partners seem to agree. In the latest Kantar PoweRanking survey, we were recognized by retailers as one of the top suppliers in CPG industry overall and we received the top ranking for Best sales force and best supply chain management. We also continue to benefit from holistic margin management initiatives. For example, through our practice of conducting in-depth reviews after major product launch, we identified ways to optimize production of Nature Valley Protein bars that reduced ingredient waste and still delivered the 10 grams of protein per bar. It's disciplines like this that will that will help our segment operating profit grow faster than sales. In summary, our U.S. retail businesses continue to face the challenging operating environment, but we believe our categories and our leading brands are well positioned for growth. We have some great product innovation in the marketplace now with more coming in the second half. We are supporting our brands with strong levels of advertising and consumer-directed marketing. With the year half complete, we remain on track to achieve our goals of low single-digit sales growth in fiscal 2014, with segment operating profit growing faster than sales. Thank you for your time this morning. I will now pass it over to Ken.
Ken Powell: Okay. Well, Thanks, Ian, and good morning to all of you. Ian just described the product innovation and marketing efforts we have underway in U.S. retail. Let me give you an update on our other two segments, starting with the Convenience Stores and Foodservice. Through the first half, pound volume and net sales for our C Stores and Foodservice segment declined 1%. Segment operating profit declined 3%, reflecting a difficult comparison against last year's first half, when operating profit increased 18%. As you can see on Slide 43, our Foodservice business has been posting good operating profit growth over the past several years. We expect to generate operating profit growth and margin again in 2014 as we continue to focus on our higher margin priority business platforms. This includes Snacks, where net sales are growing at a 3% pace through the first half driven by strong performance in convenient stores. We have been expanding distribution of our salty snacks in this channel, and next month we will introduce new Chex chips into the flavors like wasabi and cheddar jalapeno. Our good performance in this channel was recognized in the advantage groups most recent annual ranking of consumer products sales teams in convenient stores, we moved up to the number four position overall. Net sales for yogurt are up 13% in Foodservice outlets on good performance from Yoplait Greek products and Parfait Pro yogurt. We will be introducing ParfaitPro Max, a larger sized version of this convenient way for Foodservice operators to make yogurt parfaits. Our frozen breakfast products are performing well in Foodservice channels with net sales growing by double digits through the first half. We have some great new innovation coming with Old El Paso Fold 'N Go breakfast tortillas. These individually wrapped heat and serve filled tortillas will be available in K-12 schools. We continue to focus on the fastest growing channels in the Foodservice industry. On slide 45, you see that for calendar 2014 industry sources project food and beverage sales in convenience stores will grow at a mid single-digit pace. In education channels, school breakfast and lunch programs are projected to drive 2% growth next year, while colleges and universities are expected to grow even faster. In the healthcare industry, including hospitals and senior living facilities should post around 5% nominal growth next year. So we believe we are well positioned with the right products in the right channels to continue good growth for our Foodservice business. Turning to our international segment. First half net sales were up 10% as reported and segment operating profit grew 5%. The slower rate of profit growth reflects our change of business mix along with inflation and foreign exchange headwinds. On a constant currency basis, first half operating profit would be up by double-digits. Let me give you a few regional highlights. As Don showed you earlier, first half constant currency net sales grew 11% in Canada driven by good performance on the Yoplait and Liberté yogurt. We lapped our acquisition of Yoplait in the first quarter and since then retail sales for Yoplait and Liberté combined increased 8%, while the category grew 2%. In the second half, we will bring news to the category as we expand our recent launch of Yopa! Greek yogurt with several new flavors. We will have new flavors of reduced calorie source Greek yogurt too and Yoplait will be joining in on our partnership with the Canadian Olympic team in February with on-package, in-store and digital promotions. Food and beverage trends in Western Europe are soft right now. Our first half constant currency sales decline reflects that environment but we have bright spots, including growth on Yoplait yogurt and Häagen-Dazs shops in France and Old El Paso Mexican products in the UK. We are bringing some good innovation to our categories across Europe. In France we recently launched a beverage version of Calin yogurt which promotes bone strength. In the UK, Liberté Greek yogurt recently hit the dairy case. We will introduce new flavors of Häagen-Dazs ice cream including champagne truffle pints and chocolate caramel cones in shops. First half net sales in China grew by double digits on a constant currency basis led by Häagen-Dazs ice cream with sales up 12%. Changing regulations on public sector gifting did have an impact on our Häagen-Dazs Mooncake business during the mid-autumn festival season, but we were able to offset that with good growth on our retail products and in our shops, where sales grew at a high single-digit rate through the first half. We remain on track to open 70 new shops in China in 2014. Net sales for Wanchai Ferry grew 13% through the first half. We had some good product innovation particularly a line of mushroom dumplings from the Yunnan plateau and we recently launched a Tanyuan variety with a colorful filling and a translucent wrapper, just in time for Chinese New Year. In total we remain on track to deliver double-digit sales growth in China in 2014. In Brazil we celebrated the one-year anniversary of our Yoki acquisition. We like the growth we are seeing in our categories and our Yoki brands are outpacing category growth. We are launching new flavors of many Core products including popcorn, soups and regional variations of our market-leading Farofa side dishes. We see great prospects for future growth in the Latin America region. So for our international segment in total, we expect to post high single digit constant currency sales growth for fiscal 2014 with operating profit growing faster than sales. Let me also say a word about cereal partners worldwide. Through the first half of the year, constant currency net sales grew 1%. As you can see on Slide 51, global cereal category sales are still growing overall with strong increases in Latin America and Asia, softness in Central Europe and U.K. and the declines in Southwest Europe. CPW is seeing softness in Southwest Europe too, but we posted good net sales growth through the first half of the year in U.K. and we have strong growth in many emerging markets, including Russia, Brazil and Indonesia. Our performance is driven by good growth on many of our established brands and we are bringing news to the category with product innovation, including new fitness fiber, a food-filled cereal we recently launched in select markets. To summarize our comments today, the second quarter was a difficult comparison to strong prior year results for our businesses. In addition, the period included the highest quarterly input cost inflation we expect to see this fiscal year and food and beverage industry sales in U.S. and other developed markets slowed a bit during the quarter. Even so, our bottom-line results through the first half of the year are broadly consistent with our plans. As we enter the second half of fiscal 2014, we expect our earnings growth to accelerate from first half levels. We like our 2014 innovation and marketing plans, which include a strong slate of new items being introduced in the second half of the year. We expect our rate of the input cost inflation to ease in the second half and last year's gross was weighted towards the first half making our second half comparisons easier. For fiscal 2014 in total, our plans call for another year of healthy growth with increased cash returns to our shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. I will now ask the operator to open the line and the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning, guys. Can you hear me okay.
Don Mulligan: Yeah, you are loud and clear David, good morning.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. Just a quick question first on the different segments. Snacking and baking seems to have to been a good area of growth for the company. We wonder if that momentum can continue into the second half of the fiscal year. It sounds like you had some more innovation on the Snacking side, but baking in particular, do you see that momentum continuing? Then secondly on the breakfast-oriented category, that is an area that one would hope for improvement. It sounds like you have some innovation there, but we didn’t get a lot of specifics on cereal. Are you prepared to talk a little bit about what exactly is going on there on the breakfast side in terms of innovation into the second half? Thanks.
Ian Friendly: Good. David, this is Ian. I think we see and continue to see extremely strong momentum on all our snacking businesses, and I don't see anything that is going to change that, and when I look at our innovation lineup for the back half, and that division has our highest percent of volume coming from innovation, it is a very innovation-driven category. I am really quite excited about the prospects for that business, I think it's strong. Our baking businesses are not quite as vibrant and high growth as Snacking, but they are well positioned and again we have a very good momentum. There was a little bit of a seasonal shift this year in terms of when Thanksgiving fell, so that will show up more for those businesses in our Q3, but we really like -- the millennial seem to be back into being bakers, and so we think that's good for our future on that business as well. As it relates to your question about the breakfast-oriented categories or specifically cereal, I shared with you some of the innovation that we have coming, we think we have a very strong back half. We are gaining share in cereal, but we’ve got to also stimulate some category growth in cereal and that's going to come from what Jim Murphy said to all of you on the last call. It's going to come from brand news on the core renovation on the base business, and I am really excited about what we will be having in the future on that, and I mentioned the Super Bowl event, which we – it is not just an advertising idea, it's surrounded by as all of you know a lot of social media. It is surrounded by a lot of promotions and work with our customers. It is going to be a big event for us. Then we have to bring good innovation to the marketplace, and I think these, particularly what we are seeing great success on, is these ones that bring protein as people are looking for a lot of competitive set outside the breakfast cereal categories bringing this fullness benefit or protein benefit to consumers. People like it in cereals too, and so as we added that to Nature Valley and we will be adding that to Fiber One and that – that while it is not selling, it sung into our customers in a very strong way. We think those are the kinds of things that are going to get people back to the category and consuming cereals just a bit more often. As we talk to consumers, they love the cereal category. No one is rejecting cereal. It's just we are losing maybe that one extra morning a week where they are consumer something else, and so if we can give them that alternative, we can get them back.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks Ian.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi. Thank you. I think this question is going to be for Ian, but when I look at Yoplait sales, your shipments for the first half imply that second-quarter shipments were actually down versus year ago, and I think they were flat in the first quarter. So can you help me understand why would shipments be down in second quarter when it looks like your retail sales are getting less bad? Then also could you delve a little bit into why the pace of distribution on blended yogurt has been a little slow? Thanks.
Ian Friendly: Yes. Thanks, Rob. Sometimes, in any given category in a given quarter, the specifics of shipment and movement can move around. In our yogurt category, they tend to over time move very much in sequence. So I think what you will see in movement and shipments will be pretty similar. As it relates to the question on distribution on the new Yoplait Greek blended, what we saw in our second quarter, which is when we launched it, is different reset times by different customers, and some of them really aren't until January. So as we bring some of our new items, we will also be seeing our Yoplait blended come out in formats. So I think you will see that even through the data that will come out in December and into January continue to grow as we catch up with different customers’ timing on shelf resets.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. I will pass it on. Thanks.
Kris Wenker: Yes, and just to clarify, reported net sales for Yoplait would be down 1% for both the second quarter and the first six months.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning, everyone.
Ken Powell: Hi, Alexia.
Ian Friendly: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Can I ask about the pace of innovation between the first half and the second half? I seem to remember last quarter you talked about benefits from new product launches in many of the U.S. retail segments. So are we expecting to see an acceleration in the pace of innovation in the back half and which segments will that be focused in? Thank you.
Ian Friendly: Hi, Alexia. This is Ian. I will comment on U.S retail and then perhaps Ken or Don want to comment on the other segments, but for us in our first half, the amount of volume that we were getting from innovation was quite a bit higher than the prior year, and the prior year was quite strong too, and I will tell you that those products that were launched will carryover. They were of a stronger character than the prior year, and the amount that I spoke about in my remarks that we are launching here in the second half is also quite a bit stronger than the prior year, so this should be a very good year for us in innovation overall in U.S. retail. I really like our new product lineup.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Okay.
Ken Powell: So the only thing I would add to that, Alexia, are maybe underscores. We have a very high focus on innovation, quality, and percent of volume from innovation across the company. As Ian said, that's increased sequentially over the last three or four years, and typically the first quarter for us is the bigger period where we launch typically 100 plus. We have been strengthening the third quarter. We have got some very good launches coming here in January. Outside the U.S., I would say expansion of Greek is an important opportunity for us, so we continue to perform very well in the Greek segment in Canada with both, Liberté brand and Yoplait varieties of Greek yogurt and those are performing well, and we have recently launched a Liberté Greek, and as you know we like that Liberté brand. We have launched that into the U.K. where we think there is going to be a significant Greek yogurt opportunity just as there has been in the U.S., and so we are well-positioned there with European capacity and lots of capability, so that Greek opportunity we believe is going to exist in many markets around the world and we are positioned to capitalize on it.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Great. One quick follow-up. Are you seeing any impact of the reduction in the snack food spending program?
Ian Friendly: We haven't yet, Alexia, but I think you have heard from many of our competitors in the food space, and we would echo what they say. It's, there's going to be something there. It will be a headwind when it happens, and so it will be a one-time headwind and then we will move past it and as we like to remind all of you this is food and people are going to keep eating and so we will find a way through those reductions.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Good morning.
Don Mulligan: Hi, Matthew.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Don, just two financial modeling questions. One, can you talk a bit more about the discrete drivers of the decline in adjusted gross margin year-on-year and whether there was any impact from inventory timing or other factors besides just pure inflation in mix, and given the first half pressure, is it still realistic to think about seeing flattish or slight gross margin expansion for the full year?
Don Mulligan: Sure. In the second quarter, as I mentioned in remarks, we saw our highest - what we expect to be highest inflation of the year and that was the major driver. We also did see some segment mix negative in the quarter, so those were the two primary factors and the segment mix essentially has affected international, which had slightly lower gross margin than our U.S. business, grew faster. In terms of the full year, we expect inflation to decelerate as the year goes on, and if you recall last year fourth quarter in F'13 was actually our highest inflation quarter of that year, so we expect that to help our gross margin in the second half, particularly in the fourth quarter. The mix issue will continue to be a bit of a headwind, so as we look at the year now, we are seeing our gross margins for the full year being more flattish to last year and I think that's a safe modeling assumption.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks, Don. Just with respect to interest expense, obviously, some favorability on a sequential basis there as a result of the refinancing. Is it fair to assume that sort of $69 million, $70 million level as a good run rate to think about going forward?
Don Mulligan: We expect to see interest expense tick up versus last year in the back half, because we are going to term out some additional commercial paper. We have some maturities later in calendar 2014, so our plan to be term out of our CP. We do still expect it. I mentioned in my comments for interest expense now to be below last year, only slightly, so as you think about the back half it's probably going to be a tick up actually on a year-over-year basis.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. All right. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: Good morning.
Don Mulligan: Good morning, Diane.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: I wanted to ask about your comments regarding gift [team] in China and its impact on your Häagen-Dazs business. Is there any way to quantify that? Then how many stores you have opened? I think you said you were opening 70 this year, but could you just give me a ballpark on how many you have in China right now?
Don Mulligan: I am looking wildly at my peers to have someone remind me of how many stores we have. It's around 300 right now across China. Mostly concentrated, Diane, on the East Coast in the Tier-1 cities although we are expanding our store count pretty rapidly as I said we will open 70 this year, primarily more in Tier-2 cities. The same-store sales growth for Häagen-Dazs shops in China continues to the robust. We got a quite strong high single-digit, so we are very encouraged by that performance and we have a growing retail sales through traditional grocers for Häagen-Dazs and we also have a nice Foodservice business for Häagen-Dazs across China. So the fundamentals of that business are quite good. The Mooncake festival sales, these are online or phone-in orders or people asking us to prepare gifts that they could give family and friends. It is something that this is an area that is just coming under more scrutiny from a government policy standpoint in China. So there has been stronger guidelines on officials buying and distributing those gifts and that's had an impact on our sales. I think we are going to be down mid-single digits of this year. So it's a headwind but not something that we think we will be able to overcome as the full year unfolds.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: Okay. Great, and then just a follow-up on the international piece. I think, Don, you mention that you had a fraud related asset loss. Could you provide a little bit of color on that?
Don Mulligan: Yes. But only just a little. We had a $12 million fraud related asset loss in our international supply chain. It involved an outside party. Because the investigation is ongoing, we don't really have a lot of additional information to add at this time.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: Do you feel like you have reserved, obviously probably, adequately for that but is the investigation at, is there potential for further loss? If you move any further, you get any investigation or do you think you captured it all?
Don Mulligan: We believe that we have adequate reserve for our exposure.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, good morning to everyone.
Ken Powell: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: For the last four years, General Mills has generated EPS growth a little bit below your long term growth algorithm. Look, I understand the challenges across the industry but I guess what I am trying to figure out is what steps can you take to actually reinvigorate it and do you feel like there is a confidence level that you can actually reestablish it? And just as a side part to this, have you been more challenged to deploy capital in marketing or acquisitions or CapEx to get to that higher historical rate of return?
Don Mulligan: Ken, let me start and then if Ken and Ian want to add. Let me just be clear on our projections for the year. We gave a pretty specific guidance of what we expect for the second half. We are not waiting on industry trends to improve but given the very compelling new product lineup that Ian overviewed and similar one in international and continued strong brand support, we expect to see sales growth tick up a bit in the second half and that combined with the easing inflation that I mentioned, continued cost controls, share repurchase, a little favorable tax phasing for the year, we expect second half to see mid to high single-digit operating profit growth and high double-digit EPS growth. But for the full year, what I want to make clear is on a constant currency basis, we still expect to be very much on model. Sales will grow low single-digit, operating profit mid single-digit and EPS high single-digits. Now where we land specifically will depend on ForEx and based on today's trends and if there is a devaluation there as well, it will take up the two points off that off where our planned growth was going into the year. So I just want to make sure that the underlying business is performing generally in line with what we expected in a more difficult environment. The other thing I want to be clear on is that we don't intend to cut good marketing and merchandising programs or any business building activities because of this ForEx trade. So we are going to continue to deliver against those. And as far as cash flow, as I mentioned, we expect operating cash flow and free cash flow to grow over last year because working capital will reverse and be a cash contributor for the full year. So our plans to increase our cash return to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase remain fully on track. So I just don't want people to get diverted by the ForEx that we are seeing and focus that the underlying business is performing generally in line with what we expected for the year in a tougher environment.
Ken Powell: So what I would add to that, Ken, is our approach remains very much the same. We are very focused on developing solid topline growth, on model performance and we do that with new product innovation and as we have already talked earlier in the call, we have a very high focus on that and we like our trends there. We like the quality of new items and the quantity that we have introduced over the last several years. We have an increasing focus and emphasis in that area inside the company. Core brand renovation continues to be, and brand building continues to be very critical to us. As Don said, we are committed to high levels of the consumer brand building to drive those core brands. International expansion, of course, continues to be an opportunity for us, so the whole top-line focused innovation brand building nexus is crucial for us, but I would also want to just remind you that margin expansion continues to be a very, very high focus for us. We didn't talked about HMM a whole lot on this call, but that continues to be a very important focus for us across the company. We have more opportunities to engage there internationally at Yoki which we just acquired and that focus on HMM frees up resources for us to invest in points that you made in your question in the innovation and renovation, it leads to grow, so we are very focused on the fundamentals that will drive our brands and our categories.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: So, it's fair to say that 2015 should be, again, at least in line with your long-term growth target?
Ken Powell: Absolutely. That's our focus, that is our model and we will be very, very intently focused on delivering another on-model performance in F'15. Now, obviously, we will have a lot more to say about the characteristics of that year when we see you in June, inflation, all the outlook, those kinds of things, but we think that the developed markets are going to continue to improve here. It's challenging right now, but they will get better and we are sure, we will see more opportunities as we get closer to the next year.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Ken Powell: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Hi. Good morning, everyone. 20 years ago, like many packaged food companies, you were diversified into retail. Now this has changed. Most food companies don't have anything meaningful in retail. The one notable exception is General Mills with the Häagen-Dazs stores. It's obviously a great business, but I am just curious if it wouldn't be even more valuable under the umbrella of a company that maybe focuses more retail as a core competence, so I do appreciate the synergy there that you get. I am hoping you can talk a bit about whether you considered divesting the business just to retail side that I am sure there is high demand for given that it's not necessarily your core competent any more.
Ken Powell: Well, Ken, let me just maybe make a few comments. It is that retail is an important part of the Häagen-Dazs marketing model. We do have shops in a number of countries around the world in Western Europe that we have of course as you have seen are now well developed shop network in China. I will tell you that we have developed the high, but very focused capability in that area. We really know how those shops work. We know a lot about what real estate works for them, we know very well how to train and operate those shops and that's a centralized capability for us that we apply around the world, so we have gotten very good at that. As you highlighted that sharp visibility in shop network and the innovation that we offer to those shops are a key part of the brand development model for Häagen-Dazs, so we look at it very much as an asset, very much as a kind of a capability that enhances the image of the brand and there is no question that the shops have helped us build out the equity in multiple markets around the world, where we just open over the last year-and-a-half as an example, about a dozen shops in India, and that is providing the basis for brand visibility, brand recognition for future retail sales, so I understand your point, but I guess what I would say is, this is a very focused initiative for us. We have been doing it for many years, we are very good at it and it is a critical part and as you know it's kind of an outstanding part of the marketing mix for that whole of Häagen-Dazs brand experience.
Ian Friendly: I just had a couple point just emphasize Ken's point is that, when we own the shops and run them are largely in the markets where we are still building the brand and we don't want to outsource that to anybody. That said, if you look across our entire network, more shops are franchised than owned, so we do see an opportunity from a capital allocation standpoint to have partners help build the brand. Typically once we get to a point, where retail sales are larger than the shop sales, it opens up the avenue for franchising.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Ken Powell: Hi there, Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: So I guess, Ken, my question is really more from a industry statesman perspective, as I have really been surprised, and I guess a bit disappointed, in the senior management's inability to really quantify why volumes across the industry are so weak. Restaurant sales are weak. Private label has been losing share. So it's not like the consumer has been rolling over. So what do you think is going on out there? Are the retailers capturing more consumers with their prepared fresh items because it's a bit disconcerting when so many categories across the store are down?
Ken Powell: So, Eric, thanks for the question. I will give you my thoughts. I think part of it is just income stagnation in developed markets around the world. I mean you basically have flat or even slightly down incomes in a number of countries in Western Europe. In the U.S., we have had the payroll tax hit. We have had very visible political debates around budgets. I think that worry consumers. We talked a little bit about SNAP. So I think that you have a reality of slow or no income growth in developed markets but I think as you see the economy shows some signs of growth in the U.S. anyway, what's benefiting right now at this stage in the cycle is other things. So consumers are buying cars and they are improving their houses and maybe they are buying a few more homes. So, there are certain sectors that are developing at this early stage but for personal or for consumer products, as you have noted, the categories are slower growth right now. We are going to move past that stage. We are going to have population growth. It will continue to have population growth in the U.S. There are many good opportunities for us to find growth out there. We talked a little bit about snacks or Ian commented on snacking behaviors. Yogurt continues to be a great opportunity. So we are going to find those opportunities. We think income is going to continue to develop for consumers in western markets and as that happens we will see a little more growth and we are going to be ready to capitalize on that with good categories and brands and with the right kind of innovation but right now I just think that income growth or income is a factor for consumers and what disposable income they have, they are spending in other areas.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then, if I could also just follow-up, I think last quarter I asked you about pricing coming down at Walmart and you were very clear that you had just been there and said, no, we are not seeing that at all but when I look at some of the comments of your peers, many of them have talked about more aggressive promotion, price discounts in the market. How do you see that trend developing? Did your promotion pick up in the quarter and maybe wasn't offset to the fact that advertising was down? Maybe you could expand on that?
Ken Powell: Yes. Well so Eric, I will let Ian jump in here as well. Look I would just say that generally we are seeing price stability across our categories and where there are differences, I think we were down in some, our promotion was up a little bit in some categories. First that is solely because our promotion was lighter in the first half of last year. So you get into year-over-year comp issues but over the course of the year, for us we expect our promotion to be very balanced and very consistent and we are not really seeing any promotional trends out there that worry us. Okay, you see quarter-to-quarter variability, but I would not overly focus on that. So we are seeing stability there and frankly our focus really, as I have said is, we are looking for baseline and quality top line opportunities for growth which is always going to be about renovation, innovation. That's really our focus here. We don't see worrying things in the merchandizing environment in general. As for private label, hard to comment. They are down. They are down a little bit. They are down more in some areas. I think one aspect of private label is even that we have had more moderate inflation this past year, you have look back over the last five years, we have had quite significant inflation and may have less room to work with, and I think if you study the gap, the price gap between private label and brands over the last five years, you will see that that has gradually closed some and I think that that is kind of a reality for the private label business right now.
Ian Friendly: Eric, this is Ian. I would just say that promotional environment, again, in any given category can heat up or slow down, but overall we are not seeing any major changes in trend in the promotional environment. Our consumer support levels are roughly in the U.S. segment in line with the sales in year ago, so we are not using funds there to fund promotional environment and roughly I don't see competitors doing much of that either, so there was no doubt in industry-wide slowdown in our Q2 across the food category, but I wouldn't say that that is promotionally led.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. All right. Best to you and your families for the holidays. Thanks.
Ian Friendly: Yes. You too, Eric. Thanks a lot.
Kris Wenker: Operator, can we sneak one last one in here?
Operator: Certainly. Our last question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you for making [time] there.
Ian Friendly: Hi, Chris.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: I guess, I had two questions for you and I think both are kind of directed towards Ian. The first was to understand in the U.S. retail division, I think you just spoke about promotional spending overall that price mix line has been positive and you had a very strong performance in Q1. I want to understand, I assume, I believe that's a mix improvement that is occurring within the business. Is that new product driven? Is that a sustainable level of mix improvement occurring that we saw here in Q2 for the remainder of the year?
Ian Friendly: Our new products often times are positive in that regard, but there is also some fundamental shift, a very big part of our portfolio on both, the unit and dollar basis is the yogurt category and if you look at what a cup of Greek yogurt costs relative to a cup of $0.60 Yoplait on average yogurt, it's a huge mix change within the category, so for every cup of Greek we sell it's not quite twice the price of a regular cup but getting there, so that I don't see changing actually a whole lot going forward in our business. In some of the other categories that really it can get down to the ebbs and flows of which products are selling at the time. For example, fairly instrumental in some of our businesses this year was canned vegetables and sometimes we sell them harder in the first half; sometimes we sell them harder in the second half and so that will weigh into mix as well.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Then second question was in relation to Yoplait, and just to understand the dynamic that's been going on in the category and where General Mills stands today, particularly, where Yoplait stands around shelf space for the base the non-Greek business? Then, we have seen some collapsing of the price gap between Greek and conventional, if you will, I am just curious if that has any effect as well on sort of the non-Greek business?
Ian Friendly: Yes. We are seeing improvement, but not all the way to bright yet on, obviously, on the core businesses. As I mentioned in my remarks, we are starting to see growth again in Yoplait Original, the stuff that's in the red cup, the business that's still being impacted by the Greek trend, significantly as our Yoplait Light and we have some news planned on that, but a lot of people are switching to Greek are diet managers and they are in a good way I suppose, they are buying our Yoplait Greek 100, but it's affected our original, so we still see some impact on that business but we are starting to see distribution get the rate of reduction, let's say, not as significant and so we think that that business will stabilize. Your comment on the pricing on Greek, it has come down a little bit, it's maybe 5% in across the category over the year. I would say that was somewhat expected, we had talked about it in the past, we knew by virtually everyone in the industry that there was a fair amount of capacity coming on stream and that's about what we would have thought. I think Greek had coming to on average somewhere between $1 and $1.10 is probably where it will rest. I will remind everyone that while we talk about deflation overall, the dairy markets have been highly inflationary, up significant double-digits and that Greek yogurt uses three times the amount of dairy or milk than a regular yogurt. So there's a bit of a governor in there in terms of a very high cost of goods impact from dairy markets. So I don't think we are going to see too much more as it relates to Greek pricing coming down but we like where it's at. I think it does help us, as you have asked, a little bit to make sure that the value of our Core business looks good and continuously the slab that you will see, the yogurt market is up 9%. That's for a category of the size of yogurt to get 9% is truly significant and that's being driven by Greek trends and that consumers are finding benefits in the category and there will be a lot of innovation coming out of the category in this next year and I think it's going to continue to be a very, very strong category.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, well, thank you, and thanks for the perspective on that and Happy Holidays.
Kris Wenker: Thanks, everybody. I know there are still people in queue. Give me a call and we will try and help you out.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a good day, everyone.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-09-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kristen Wenker - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Kendall Powell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Donal Mulligan - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer James Murphy - Senior Vice President and President, Big G Cereals
Analysts: Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Ken Zaslow - BMO Chris Growe - Stifel Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Ken Goldman - JPMorgan David Driscoll - Citigroup Diane Geissler - CLSA Andrew Lazar - Barclays
Operator: Welcome to the first quarter fiscal 2014 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Kris Wenker, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristen Wenker: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. I'm here with Ken Powell, our CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO; and Jim Murphy, President of our Big G Cereals Division. And I'll turn the call over to them in just a minute, but first, I'm going to cover my usual housekeeping items. Our press release on first quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning and is also posted on our website, if you still need a copy. We've posted slides on the website, also. They supplement today's prepared remarks. And our remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second Slide in today's presentation list factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I will turn you over to my colleagues, starting with Don.
Donal Mulligan: Thanks, Kris, and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. As you've seen from our press release this morning, General Mills is off to a good start in fiscal 2014. Slide 4 summarizes our results for the first quarter. Sales totaled $4.4 billion, up 8%. Segment operating profit increased 6% to $812 million that includes a 7% increase in advertising investment. Net earnings totaled $459 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.70 as reported. These results are below year ago levels that include an $82 million increase in the mark-to-market valuations of certain commodity positions and a one-time tax benefit. Excluding items affecting comparability, our adjusted diluted EPS would be $0.70, a 6% increase versus last year. Slide 5 shows the components of our net sales growth. On an as reported basis net sales increased 8%, including strong contributions from new businesses and three months of incremental contribution from new businesses -- from new products and three months of incremental contribution from new businesses, primarily Yoplait Canada and Yoki in Brazil. Pound volume contributed 8 percentage points of growth in the quarter. Sales mix and net price realization added 1 point of sales growth and foreign exchange reduced that sales by 1 percentage point. Excluding 5 points of growth from new businesses, net sales were 3% above year ago levels. Slide 6 details net sales performance for our U.S. retail business. In total, net sales increased 4%, led by our snacks, natural and organic, baking and cereal businesses. Introductory shipments of new products help drive these sales increases. Jim and Ken will talk more about this innovation in a few minutes. Sales for our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment declined 1% in the first quarter. That's consistent with our expectations. Remember, we're focusing -- we continue to focus our product mix. Priority platforms, including banking mixes, cereal, yogurt, snacks and frozen breakfast posted solid sales growth in the quarter. Slide 8 summarizes first quarter international net sales on a constant currency basis. Sales grew 25% overall, led by Latin America, where sales increased nearly 200%. This includes strong contributions from Yoki and double-digit growth in our base business. In Canada, sales increased 21%, led by incremental contributions from Yoplait. Sales for the Europe region declined 3%, reflecting the difficult operating environment there. And sales in the Asia-Pacific region increased 13%, led by double-digit growth in China. Slide 9 shows our gross margin was 36.9% on both a reported and underlying basis in the first quarter. Excluding mark-to-market effects, our gross margin declined 130 basis points. The addition of Yoplait Canada and Yoki account for roughly half of that decline and the other half reflects higher input cost. We are now 60% covered on our commodity needs for fiscal 2014 and we're still estimating 3% supply chain inflation for the year in total, with first half inflation rate expected to be higher than the second half. We continue to invest in consumer marketing to drive topline growth. As shown on Slide 10, our investment in media and advertising increased 7% in the first quarter, led by double-digit increases in media spending for U.S. yogurt and our international segment. Slide 11 outlines our segment operating profit results for the quarter. Total segment operating profit increased 6% to $812 million, despite higher input costs and foreign exchange headwind and the increased advertising investment. U.S. retail profit increased 6%. International profit met strong year ago levels, which increased 56%. And Convenience Stores and Foodservice profit increased 10%. After-tax earnings from joint ventures grew 4% to $24 million in the quarter, reflecting sales gains and strong levels of holistic margin management for cereal partners worldwide. On a constant currency basis, CPW sales increased 1% with growth in the U.K. and Asia largely offset by category weakness in Southwest Europe. Constant currency sales for Häagen-Dazs Japan matched strong year ago levels. Completing our review of the income statement, corporate unallocated expenses excluding mark-to-market effects were up $12 million in the quarter. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.3% as reported. Excluding items affecting comparability, the tax rate was 32.2% this year, compared to 31.4% a year ago, and average diluted shares outstanding declined 1% in the quarter. For the full year, we continue to target a 2% net reduction at average diluted shares outstanding. Turning to the balance sheet. Slide 14 shows that our core working capital declined 2% despite the addition of new businesses driven by our focus on inventory reduction. Accounts payable and accounts receivable were largely offsetting in the quarter. So the first quarter completed, we remain on track to achieve our 2014 targets. We expect to deliver low-single digit growth in net sales, fueled by product news and innovation across our base business and incremental contributions from new businesses. We expect operating profit to grow faster than sales, reflecting a robust pipeline of productivity issues and stronger profit contributions from new businesses. And we expect operating profit margin expansion in each of our three business segments. And we expect to deliver high single digit growth and adjusted diluted earnings per share to a range of $2.87 to $2.90. With that I'll turn the microphone over to Jim Murphy.
James Murphy: Thanks, Don, and hello everybody. It's great to be with you on the call this morning and talk about the strong growth opportunities we see for our U.S. cereal business. Let me begin by reminding everyone why over 90% of U.S. households buy cereal. First and foremost it taste terrific and offers consumers of all ages a wide variety of flavor and texture choices. It's obviously quick and easy to make and it's affordable. In fact, at around $0.50 a serving, that's the including the milk cereal beats most other breakfast choices on price. Cereal is lower in calories in most breakfast options and it's a very nutrient-dense food choice. In fact, fortified cereal provide more iron, folic acid, zinc and B vitamins than any other conventional breakfast food, plus there is all that whole grain and fiber. The fact is ready-to-eat breakfast cereal, even your favorite presweetened variety, more than hold the zone in a side-by-side comparison with other nutritious foods. Slide 18 shows the nutrition side panel for a bowl of Cocoa Puffs with Skim Milk. This great taste in breakfast is just 150 calories. Those of you who count calories no, that's a tough number to beat. It's got no trans-fat, no cholesterol and very little sodium. On sugar, well, take a look at your favorite brand of regular fruit flavored Greek yogurt and I'll bet you the number on that label is higher. Protein is one gram for Cocoa Puffs alone, but five grams including the milk. And when you get the listing of vitamins and minerals, cereal beats most breakfast food competition hands down. With credentials like these it's no wonder that consumers love cereal and buy a lot of it. As I mentioned earlier, over 90% of the U.S. household purchase cereal each year, and on average they buy a box nearly every other week. That's one of the highest purchase rates across categories in the center store. Cereal household penetration and buyer rate is even higher in Hispanic households, one of the fastest growing segments of the U.S. population. Over the last three decades cereal retail sales have nearly tripled reaching $9.4 billion today. One of the consumer behaviors following this long-term growth is the fact that many more people eat breakfast and skip it. Breakfast is truly a growth market. The number of breakfast occasions increases as the U.S. population expands. Breakfast at home is growing and today represents over 80% of all breakfast occasions. And cereal is the most popular breakfast food at home by far, featured in a commanding 32% of these morning meals. General Mills has led U.S. cereal category growth over the past five years and we've added a full point of market share. We're off to a solid start in 2014 with sales in market share growth in the first quarter. So we like the growth at the breakfast occasion. Demographics trends favor cereal consumption as we look ahead and General Mills has performed well, yet I have seen some analysts' reports question the future prospects for the U.S. cereal category and I understand why. Category unit volume has declined over the last three years, but we see three primary factors behind this recent trend: first; we believe that any food categories growth is the result of the collective innovation that branded players bring to that category, and frankly there hasn't been enough new product innovation from the branded manufacturers; second, there hasn't been enough product news behind the big category established brands; and finally, there hasn't been enough consumer-directed advertisings supporting this big category. These are not structural issues. These are issues of innovation and execution. In Big G, we are taking specific steps to drive growth for our cereal business in fiscal '14 and beyond. Our plans include core brand renovation that is relevant to consumers. We're launching a strong slate of differential new product innovation and we're investing to develop innovative marketing ideas that bring increased consumer excitement to cereal. It's really a simple formula, but it works where we are bringing relevant product news and innovation to market, we are seeing the sales growth. There is perhaps no better example of the power of product news in renovation than in our Chex business. In 2010, we repositioned this brand as gluten-free. Retail sales have increased at a double-digit rate since. And Chex grew another 7% in the first quarter, including contributions from the new vanilla variety. Cereals is the biggest franchise in the U.S. cereal category by far. Today, one out of every eight boxes of cereals sold in the U.S. is a variety of Cheerios. And Honey Nut Cheerios is Americas' top-selling cereal brand. We're supporting Honey Nut with increased levels of advertising, including a new campaign with the Rapper Nelly called Must Be The Honey. Early response to this ad has been just fantastic with over 10,000 mentions on social media in just the first week. First quarter retail sales of our Honey Nut Cheerios franchise increased 4%. We've also launched new advertising on the original yellow box Cheerios. This advertising reminds consumers about the heart health benefits and their emotional connection to this great brand. Baseline sales trends are responding with an improved run rate of 260 basis points in the last six months. We're supporting this momentum in the second quarter with our Send Cheer to Teachers promotion. You can thank your favorite teacher with a clip postcard from specially marked boxes. There is more opportunity across this iconic Cheerios franchise and our news and innovation pipeline is full. I am extremely confident that this franchise will see broad-based growth going forward. Lucky Charms another consumer favorite, turns 50 years old this year, but the brand isn't showing its age. Retail sales in the first quarter grew 11%. Part of this growth reflect success of new advertising directed to adults, who as it turns out account for nearly half the consumption of Lucky Charms. We have big plans for Lucky's birthday. We'll be celebrating with 50 days of surprises culminating on St. Patrick's Day. Let's talk about the Breakfast of Champions. For those of you who weren't able to draft Adrian Peterson on your fantasy football team, now you can have them on your breakfast table in three ways. And we are partnering with Blippar to bring AP to life. Just download the Blippar app, point your smartphone at the Wheaties box and see what happens. And just inside for Halloween, our monsters cereals are back. This year the count Boo Berry and Franken Berry are joined by two friends not seen in over 20 years, Yummy Mummy and Frute Brute. Initial shipments for the monster cereals are well-ahead of last year's pace and this just illustrates the power of cereal in pop culture. Now, I've been talking a lot about established brands, but our 2014 plans also include great taste and new product innovation. Honey Nut Cheerios Medley Crunch continues to be the single biggest launch in the category this calendar year. Our new Hershey's Cookies and cream cereals are off to a great start. It's turning in the top-third of the total categories and outperforming other new items in the chocolate segment. This great taste comes with solid health credentials too, including a 100% whole grain and no trans fats. I also believe it will be important to bring new benefits to the category to drive growth. Our Nature Valley Protein Granola delivers 10 grams of protein per serving. That's more than twice the cereal category average. The two varieties, oats and honey and oats and dark chocolate, this products taste terrific. After only three months in the market, it's already among the top-turning granola items. And our new BFAST breakfast shake provides busy consumers with the balanced nutrition of a bowl of cereal and milk in a convenient shelf-stable drink. Distribution on this product is just getting started and we are leveraging both in store and grass root sampling events to drive product trial and awareness. In total, we're very excited about our new product lineup this year. We have additional new cereals scheduled for the launch in the second half. New products certainly play an important role in driving category growth, but so does advertising. In recent years, measured media spending for total food and beverage is up modestly. Cereal category advertising has declined during that same period, so cereal has lost some share of voice. However we've maintained strong levels of ad support in our cereal brands. Over the last two years, our cereal spending in measured media has increased 6% and today represents 41% of total category measured spending. So our share of voice is up and well above our 31% share of category dollar sales. Meanwhile, our share of the cereal shelf is well below our share of category sales. So we're working with retailers to expand our cereal distribution. In the first quarter, our share of distribution grew 80 basis points. At the same time, we're staying very disciplined about the sizes and flavors we're launching in the category. As a result, our velocities or turns on the shelf have outpaced the category average in our brand of competitors. That trend continued in the first quarter of 2014. So our products play a very important role in driving sales growth in the cereal category. To wrap up my remarks this morning, we are very bullish on the U.S. cereal category. Consumers love cereals for all the good reasons that I outlined for you today. In recent years the collective product news and innovation from branded cereal manufactures has not been sufficient to driver category growth. We've got plans to drive sales and profit growth for our cereal business in 2014 with product news and established brands, a strong new product lineup and effective marketing and merchandising initiatives. Thank you for your time this morning. And now I'll turn the call over to Ken Powell.
Kendall Powell: Thank you, Jim, and good morning to one and all. You just heard about the terrific innovation plans we have in our U.S. cereal business. So I'll give you a quick summary of the innovation we're seeing elsewhere in the company. But first, let me offer a few observation on input cost trend and then general pricing and promotional environment. We've noted that year-over-year declines in spot prices for certain commodities, notably corn and wheat, have prompted some questions about the potential for broad-based deflation in input costs. At General Mills, we buy and manage a very broad basket of commodities. So while some spot prices like grains are down others like dairy are up. All-in, we still expect inflation of roughly 3% across our supply chain costs for the fiscal year that will end next May. In longer-term, we continue to believe that the trend on food industry input costs will be inflationary, driven by rising global demand for food and energy. In terms of industry volume and pricing trends, we are seeing balanced growth across the 25 categories where we compete. That's true for the most recent quarter as well. This growth is modest, but it's nonetheless growth. We're working to fuel sales increases in our categories with higher levels of product marketing and innovation, and Jim shared several cereal examples with you in just a few minutes ago. I'll cover the other key categories starting with yogurt. In the U.S. sales for our Greek yogurt business continue to significantly outpace the segment. Our momentum started with the highly successful launch of Yoplait Greek 100 last summer. Year one retail sales for this reduced calorie line reached $150 million, making this the single largest new product launch in Yoplait in the last two decades. We're building on this momentum with the first quarter launch of Yoplait Greek blended yogurt. Advertising for this new line focuses on its winning taste profile. And we're continuing the regional expansion of Liberté Greek. In total, our first quarter Greek yogurt sales grew nearly 100% more than double the growth rate of this segment. And we're innovating beyond Greek too, including new advertising and marketing initiatives behind our Core Cup business. Over the last two quarters our U.S. yogurt net sales are up slightly with faster growth in unit sales. We're continuing to make steady progress on this key business and we expect to report further progress in the coming quarters. Our U.S. Snack businesses are off to a terrific start this year, led by strong sales of Nature Valley Soft-Baked Oatmeal Squares and Fiber One protein bars. First quarter retail sales for our grain snacks business increased 8%. And we added over 3 points of market share. Layer bar sales increased at a double-digit pace in the quarter, led by strong sales of our new ALT protein bars. And our hot snacks sales were up 4% in the quarter, led by the new line of Totino's BOLD Rolls. In Dry Dinners, we're seeing steady improvement in baseline trends as we ramp up distribution of new items and begin to activate our marketing plans. We've launched new flavors of Progresso Soup and continue to focus our advertising on the great taste of these ready-to-serve varieties. First quarter retail sales increased 3% above strong year ago levels. And in refrigerated dough, new gluten-free batters and strong sales of Grands biscuits drove first quarter retail sales up 5%. In total, we're launching over 100 new U.S. retail products in the first half of 2014, with more to come later in the year. This increased level of innovation reflects the benefits of the new organization structure we put in place last year. Our level of new product activity is up across our portfolio, including a significant increase in our newly created baking products and frozen foods divisions. As our new items reach good store level distribution, we'll be activating the media and marketing campaigns for these businesses. We're ramping up activity behind our seasonal items such as soup, baking products and frozen vegetables. And we continue to improve the efficiency and impact of our advertising dollars with increased investments in targeted digital and multicultural media. We also have a variety of second quarter merchandising events planned to drive customer and consumer excitement. We are expanding our Save Lids to Save Lives program, which benefits breast cancer research. Starting this month more than 25 General Mills brands will carry pink lids on over 340 million packages. In total, General Mills will donate $0.10 for every lid redeemed up to a maximum total donation of $1.5 million. We also continue to expand our successful Boxtops for Education program. Since the inception of this program, we've raised over $525 million for schools across the country. Turning to our U.S. Business in a way from home channels, total net sales declined slightly in the quarter as Don showed you. But we delivered net sales growth across our key product platforms in the first quarter. Operating profit for this segment grew 10%, reflecting this branded product strength as well as good grain merchandising performance. Let me turn to our international business with a few comments on each region. I'll begin with Canada, where yogurt is our newest business. We are a leading player in the Greek yogurt segment. In just last month we added new Yoplait Yopa to our lineup. Yopa offers the high protein, no fat benefits of traditional Greek yogurt in great tasting flavors like strawberry cheesecake and mango tango. We're supporting this product with a comprehensive marketing campaign that features Canadian-Greek actress, Nia Vardalos. Today our Yoplait and Liberté brands account for 30% of Canadian yogurt category sales. In Europe, first quarter sales in constant currency declined 3%, reflecting the tough operating environment in the region. Our results did include strong performance from new products, including Häagen-Dazs Secret Sensations and Old El Paso Mexican Rice kits. In yogurt, our U.K. launch of Liberté Greek is off to a solid start and we're expanding our Calin line of yogurts into drinkable varieties in both the U.K. and France. Our largest business in the Asia-Pacific region is Greater China, where we continue to see robust growth. First quarter sales in constant currency grew at a strong double-digit rate, led by Häagen-Dazs and our line of Wanchai Ferry frozen dim sum item. The overall Chinese economy maybe slowing a bit, but the demand for branded consumer food products continues to expand, as increasing number of Chinese consumers want foods that offer quality, convenience, nutrition and taste all at a good value. And in Latin America, the Yoki business has just completed its first year with General Mills. New Yoki Kit Fácil dinner kits are off to a very strong start in Brazil. We're also introducing new flavors of popcorn, soups and beverages, and we're prioritizing the top 100 Yoki products that should be in every grocery store across Brazil. In total, we are very pleased with Yoki's performance. Retail sales in Brazil increased nearly 20% during the first year. With that, let me summarize today's General Mills update. We're off to a solid start in 2014. We delivered net sales and profit growth on our base business with incremental contributions from new businesses. Our first quarter results have us on track to achieve our annual sales and profit targets. We continue to be excited about the year. We have more impactful advertising and increased levels of innovation in market right now with additional efforts planned for the remainder of the year. We see a manageable level of input cost inflation this year and our categories are showing modest balanced growth. Ultimately, we believe our categories and the strength of our brands are a source of competitive advantage for General Mills. We like our prospects for increasing sales and earnings in 2014 and longer term. So thank you for your time this morning and for your interest in General Mills. With that, I would like to open the call for questions. Operator, please get us going.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Just to dive into the U.S. retail sales growth a bit more. I think it's clear that you made some progress here in the first quarter and we did see some sequential improvement. But 4% growth does seem like it benefited from a few factors like new product shipments and mix. So as we're thinking about modeling out that segment over the coming quarters and just how the sort of operating environment is evolving. Just wanted to get your thoughts on whether there was an inventory benefit here in the first quarter that we should take into account and expect to normalize over the next quarter or two? And how should we think about the balance between price mix and volume across the coming quarters? Should we expect to see -- I'd assume this type of mix benefit persisting beyond the first quarter.
Kendall Powell: You partly answered it. It is in fact, we did ship lots of new products over the course of the quarter. And as all of you know, it takes a while for those to move through the channel and start to get counted at retail, so that's part of the gap that you mentioned. You talked about mix, you also mentioned inventory, and I do want to remind all of you that first quarter, a year ago, our merchandising pressure was a quite a bit below average in our inventories, as a result our retail inventories were low. So as we've normalized merchandising, we've seen the inventories normalize behind that. So you kind of identified some factors in the first quarter. You also as you note, we're quite pleased generally with the overall effort in the first quarter. We like the new products. We're seeing some good trends across some important categories and we're encouraged by that. And going forward, I think we're looking for growth in low-single digits and it's always a little bit of all three. It's a little bit of volume and maybe a bit of price and a bit of mix and we do expect that Matthew to normalize here versus kind of a -- some of the year-over-year comps. In Q1 we expect to see that normalized as we go forward. Don, I don't know if you'd want to add anything to that.
Donal Mulligan: I think you captured well. I mean as low-single digits is still our guidance for U.S. cereal sales and there is going to be a bit of volume, some mix. We saw that in the first quarter with cereal grain, our national organic products driving that sales growth and they have a positive mix benefit for us and we expect that it continues as the year unfolds.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: And then just with respect to quantifying to the extent we can the impact of those headwinds in the -- or those dynamics -- sorry not headwinds in the second quarter. With the inventory benefit that you may have seen here in the first quarter, would you expect second quarter sales to be generally in line with your full year targets or sort of towards the lower end of that range.
Donal Mulligan: Well, Matt, we're not going to give quarterly guidance. We'll just reaffirm that we expect our low-single digit sales growth with the mix of all those items to play out for the balance of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Quick question on the U.S. cereal business. I guess, two things, relative to the -- I guess, the debate that's going on into market about the health of the category and I guess some of the current concerns that we hear about. Can you talk a little bit about the effectiveness or the efficacy of merchandising, especially investing in price to drive list. And I think there is some concern that maybe we started volumes -- category volumes have been so soft the last few years that we get into the temptation to begin to try to invest in price in order to drive some lift. So just your thoughts on where consumers are in terms of price if that's going to be a motivating factor. And then second, just in terms of maybe demographic cohort, if you could just talk a little bit about how you think your brands are doing and maybe the category is with kids, with families, with low-income consumers, so just trying to get a sense of whether there is maybe a demographic cohort in the market that may need to addressed more definitively than maybe others.
James Murphy: So in commenting on the merchandizing, I said it in my prepared remarks, but product news and innovation and investment on the consumer side is what's going to drive this category. The temptation to increase merchandizing in order to do that is not an effective and not an efficient to grow the category long-term. And so we believe that the product news, innovation and investment from the branded players need to increase in order to make this category grow healthily in the future. Your second question on demographics, we see that the families, the mainstream families who are after taste and branded value and fun in the breakfast occasion are strongest consumers right now. And it manifest itself through the strength of our all-family brands and I mentioned that in my remarks things like Lucky Charms and Honey Nut Cheerios that appeal to everybody in the family are very, very strong right now. And so we don't see a weak spot really across the demographics. In fact, Hispanics, as I said consume more cereal than anybody and that's a growth driver for us in the future. So demographically cereal has got a lot of tailwinds actually going forward.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And just following up on that, just ageing boomers, is there are anything difference that's any different in terms of the category dynamic with maybe people 50 plus?
James Murphy: That's a way over index as well, so the two groups of consumers at over index are the families with the young kids and the 55-plus crowd and so as we look at that that is the demographic tailwind as I mentioned for the cereal category going forward.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And from your perspective there is no change to that?
James Murphy: No.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I am glad Bryan included the 50-plus in the ageing boomers, I'm almost there. I guess I want to talk about the deflation comments you made, Ken, it seems like with emerging markets slowing down, less ethanol inputs from grain and stocks to use, ratio is going up that we could be in for a period of time where there are lower inputs. So I want to push back against that a bit, obviously inflations are tough one to predict overall, but I want to push back against that a little bit. And then related to that we've heard that Wal-Mart went to 200 suppliers asking for 2% price cuts across the board and that dollar general was already lining up behind them on the back of this kind of deflation thesis, and so maybe react to that. And then I think I have a follow-up question for Jim on cereal.
Kendall Powell: For your first question, our premise on how the global economy is going to evolve is that we're going to continue to see globalization, economic growth and particularly in emerging markets, and by the way, while many of you have commented on the softening in emerging market economies overall. I mean I do want to point out that our business continues to be very strong in emerging markets. We had a very strong quarter in China and we're seeing terrific growth in Brazil. And I think the reason is that we are selling Center of Plate, very basic everyday food items to these consumers, I mean we're selling dim sum and egg rolls in China that are being consumed every night. When you think of our product line in Brazil, it's a very middleclass product line. Think of equivalent of helpers in the U.S. I mean that kind of captures I think the positioning of our brands in Brazil. So I'm very well targeted. These consumers continue to have growing disposable income and we're seeing tremendous growth in emerging markets and we think that's going to continue. And we think we're going to continue to see growing global demand for these basic commodities. Now, in terms of your comment on stocks, I mean every year is a new year. And when it comes to the harvest, and so you won't see us predicting anything there other than every year is a new year. This year it looks like it's going to be a better harvest and we may see stocks improve, but its one year at a time on that one. And I think as we all know volatility is what we should expect there. In terms of your comments on Wal-Mart, we haven't heard anything about that that would be new to us. In fact, I was visiting at Wal-Mart within the past several weeks and I will tell you that we had a very good conversation about innovation and what we can do to make sure that we've got high levels because of the belief that innovation drives traffic and it drives excitement in our categories. So we haven't heard anything about your comment on 200 suppliers and all that stuff. And so anyway -- so thank you for the question. I think you've got a follow up for Don or Jim.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Jim actually, on Slide 34, I'm just trying to understand -- so I know that your share of category has been in the low-30s for a period of time. But I'm just trying to understand the share of distribution points is kind of call it a third lower or fourth lower. So is that because the other competitors are just whatever, throwing allowance money or merchandising money at the retailer to keep their distribution, kind of how long has this relationship between share of dollars versus share of distribution points been so skewed for you. And what are you doing to change that?
James Murphy: Well, it's really, the key factors is that are skews are just much bigger and more efficient and productive in the category. And so we are constantly reminding our retail partners of this fact and this really been the case for quite sometimes. If you think about it we have some of the biggest, most productive skews on Honey Nut Cheerios and Yellow Box Cheerios and the like, in the category. And the challenge is to get the proper phasing on those big skews in the category, so that they don't run out of stock on them. But there is always the temptation to take a new skew in the category and put it on the shelf it's a constant battle with the retailers and reminder of the retailers to go back to more productive shelf sets. Having said that, we have made a lot of progress here just in Q1, we're up 80 basis points as I mentioned in my remarks and so I think our story and the facts that we bring to our partners is starting to resonate at an increasing rate and you probably could expect that this gap starts to narrow over the course of time.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow of BMO.
Ken Zaslow - BMO: Ken, I have got just two questions as I look through your presentation. One is it seems like General Mills is broadening the efforts across your cereal brands like including Wheaties, which may have not been as focused as well as the Monster cereals. . So is there a chain in what you're doing across the portfolio, you look kind of like pulling levers on products that you not normally have done before. And my second question is how you reacted and can you just talk about the new entrants into the categories, the competitors like a kind or something that. Can you talk about those two issues?
Kendall Powell: Sure, first on the pulling levers on some brands that we haven't supported as much over the recent past. That's absolutely true. We see a lot of up of upside for supporting brands like Wheaties and Total and the like and we're doing it and we're doing it with different marketing vehicles. So it's not the standard TV plan. You're going to see a lot more in this social space as an example. So yes, that is upside for us. We have a lot of brands that are between half a share point and point that we can continue to increase the spending behind good marketing ideas. So that's the answer to your first question. And on the second question, I think that there is an emerging segment within the category where Cascadian Farms and our new Nature Valley Protein Granola fit, and we call it the nature space. That is growing at quite a nice cliff. It's still small relatively and it's still relatively less productive than the mainstream. But nonetheless, we think we have two terrific brands to capitalize on that trend, Cascadian Farm in the organic side and now Natural Valley, which I think is going to be a really strong brand in the cereal category operating in that type of a space of natural ingredients you can see.
Ken Zaslow - BMO: Just going back to the first question, what drove the change though? Like what happened that all of a sudden you say, look we can now focus on these brands. It's just, to me these brands have been around for a long time, like what created that change?
Kendall Powell: We've been experimenting with marketing ideas, and we finally have likely pressed on it; and Wheaties is a good example, Monsters is another great example and we've got more in the pipeline on these smaller brands. This new era of marketing you can try a lot of ideas for very little money and really experiment with them and we're doing that quite effectively now. We're finding -- we're unlocking growth on some of these brands we haven't marketed for a while.
Ken Zaslow - BMO: So one general comment, Ken, and I am looking at Jim here to see if he would agree, but I think that the whole digital and social space opens up some opportunities to innovate that maybe we didn't have five years ago. We can really micro target and with the Monsters thing in way as Jim said in his presentation capitalizing on pop culture. So those kinds of media, I think create some opportunities and we're trying to get better muscles in those areas and we are and it seems to be working for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel.
Chris Growe - Stifel: Just I had two questions for you if I could. The first one in relation to U.S. retail, the price mix contribution was strong in the quarter. It sounds like mix was a major driver of that. I want to also understand the degree to which promotion was a bit of drag against that or just understand the scope of how you're increasing promotions here early in the year, something that that they're being very surgical if it's the right term to use?
Kendall Powell: Well, I am not sure I fully understand your question. Let me repeat there was a difference in the level of promotion year-over-year. So first quarter last year I don't know if you recalled this, Chris, but we came out a little bit light and really over the course of our year we were, our self criticism was that our promotional plan was not really balanced the right way. And so this year we have a very balanced plan, a very steady pressure across over the course of the year. And the comparison in the first quarter is that there is more pressure in comparison to that quarter than a year ago.
Chris Growe - Stifel: And so that would have been a bit of a drag against the overall price mix contribution in U.S. retail, meaning that mix was maybe even little stronger in the quarter. Do you follow that?
Donal Mulligan: Yes. That is correct. And to your point it was, if you remember the promotion timing, particularly centered in cereal and grain snacks where we thought we were light a year ago and more normalized this year. And as I mentioned earlier those are two of our highest revenue per pound categories. So as we're seeing those sales grow this year, higher than the -- the volume grow higher than the U.S. cereal average. That is a highly favorable to our revenue mix.
Chris Growe - Stifel: And then the final question there for you was just on the international division. I had booked in a little stronger increase in profit this quarter. So I just wanted to understand, obviously you had a big increase in marketing, that would be one factor, any other factors that we should be aware of, whether it'd be European a little softer that would have weight on the growth this quarter and just understand kind of how we look for the rest of the year in that division?
James Murphy: Yes, Chris, our international profit actually came in right where we expected. It matched year ago levels, which were up 56% over the year before. The higher net sales obviously drove some profit growth. We had three items that offset that, you mentioned one, which is the 15% increase in our media support. We did have higher input cost inflation particularly dairy in Europe. And we had a foreign exchange drag. Importantly, our new businesses did contribute as expected and we continue to expect internationals full year, constant currency sales growth to be high-single digits and operating profit to grow faster. So we haven't had any change to our full year expectations for that segment.
Chris Growe - Stifel: And is there any of that your FX assumptions for the year, is that any worse or better as a result for the first quarter?
Kendall Powell: Yeah, they are a little worse, probably penny or two worse, that's factored into our reaffirm guidance.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: This is more of a technical question on the Nielsen data that you're presenting. The volume or I guess the unit volume that you showed is very consistent with the Nielsen data we're getting. But the unit pricing, that you're showing, which is positive versus a year ago for the company on a Nielsen basis is very different from the Nielsen data that we get. And I want to know as you saw all these monthly reports from the sell side showing your unit pricing down. What do you think the discrepancy was? We saw unit pricing down in just about every category and I guess it was not reflective?
Donal Mulligan: Well, I mean first of all, I think your comment on units is we are -- Rob, the numbers we show are category numbers not General Mills' numbers. If you're referring to, I think at Slide, maybe 39 in the deck the one that Ken showed. We showed volume and pricing for F '13 annual and F '14 first quarter. Those are category numbers.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: So your unit pricing is -- you're pricing below those categories then or your pricing is below the category pricing?
Donal Mulligan: Yes, and that's the merchandising phase that we talked about a minute ago.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay, I see. Can you give us a sense of the duration of the merchandising then. Is that something to expect throughout the year or is this kind of like a comparison issue versus year ago?
Donal Mulligan: It is primarily a comparison issue versus a year ago in the quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: As I look at our RTE cereal as a whole, velocities at least in Nielsen do seem to be coming down across the board and I realize you've highlighted some of the issues behind this, but I wanted to ask whether velocities are off enough where retailers, especially maybe some that you recently visited, Ken, might start thinking about maybe some accelerated SKU rationalization in the category. That does seem to be a large number of tail brands in cereal that may or may not be doing well. So just curious if you're hearing anything about the potential for I guess trade incented rationalization if you will when shelves reset next year or are we just not at that point at all?
James Murphy: Couple of things I would say. One is retailers know how important this category is to driving traffic to their store. It is still nearly $10 billion category and as you know a lot of retailers there trying to figure out how to drive traffic to their center stores and cereals still remain strategically incredibly important for them. The second thing I would say is even the tail of cereals on a SKU basis generates a lot of more productivity than a number of different categories within the center stores. So we haven't heard a lot of noise about retailers questioning the space that they allocate to cereal or questioning the strategic importance of it.
Ken Goldman - JPMorgan: Can I ask you a very quick follow-up? Just, Jim, what are you hearing on not just your brands, but across the category the current levels of inventory among some of your larger retailers? We have seen a higher level of de-loading across all packaged food lately. I am just curious how that's affecting things for the category as a whole?
James Murphy: Well, I think we're following the general trend of the entire food complex. I think you've heard that the retailers are reducing inventory modestly across the entire store and we're just serious part of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citigroup.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Jim, just wanted to continue on some of the cereal questions. I'd like you to maybe respond to or give me your thoughts on when we look at overall food we see that volumes are down in the aggregate of more than 100-plus categories that we track. You've pointed towards some specific factors category, marketing spending being below the 11 levels, new product introductions being down. But I don't believe you made any mentioned of just simply overall volume softness across the United States, maybe is that absent for a particular reason? Do you not believe that that has an effect here and that these isolated, this category marketing spending in new products are really the lion's share drivers of these issues, so maybe if you could just respond to that please?
Kendall Powell: David, let me -- this is Ken, let me jump in first and then I think Jim wants to make some comments because I think you do raised an important point. I mean Jim I think is very properly focused on the cereal category and what we know drives it, which is innovation and brand building and we're seeing that to be effective. As you go back the last couple of years though, there are some larger macro factors that did have an impact across categories. And that of course was going back two years ago the pricing that all of us took in response to exceptionally high levels of inflation. For us it was over 10%, which really knocked a lot of categories off the rails going back several years ago. And really last -- it took us last year to see those categories strengthen as we got price points right and we saw consumers stabilizing comeback to the category. So I think you're right, there was a larger macro factor. We believe primarily triggered by inflation and the pricing that went along with that. However, we see that sort of starting to recede, here in the rearview mirror we're seeing consumers a little healthier. And so we're very focused on the innovation and renovation that we know will continue to propel those categories.
James Murphy: Well, I think Ken said it well and I think I've said that everything in my prepared remarks that what I think is going to drive this category back to growth again. I have unwavering faith that cereal is an adaptable category and we'll meet the changing needs of consumer at breakfast and that's going to be done through product news and innovation and investing behind those great ideas.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: I appreciate those comments and Ken I really appreciate your follow-up on that because it seems to me that it's just impossible to explain this gigantic category in the absence of the context of the environment. A follow-up on SG&A if I can, impressive performance here of SG&A as a percent of sales, down about 70 basis points I think. Can you guys just comment on this was not marketing related. Marketing was up nicely. What drove this and what's the sustainability of it throughout this year and maybe beyond that?
Kendall Powell: Yes, David, you're right, the media spending was up. That actually we drove up SG&A. The balance of our SG&A was benefited from -- can you reply our HMM prices against our admin expenses. And we're also seeing the benefit of the restructuring actions that we took in the fourth quarter of fiscal '12 played out through this quarter as well. So we're at a sustainable level of spend in our SG&A.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: This is a good run rate as a percent of sales more or less?
Kendall Powell: Yes, that's a fair run rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Diane Geissler of CLSA.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: I wanted to ask, Jim, a couple of questions about the cereal category. Can you tell me what does your research about actual consumption of cereals by consumers? Is it -- what I'm trying to get at here is how much of it is consumed at breakfast as breakfast. What's consumed sort of outside that day part? And then what do you make up the increased competition from away from home channels. It's become a big focus for a lot of other restaurant chains because it's one of the day parts that they are under indexed on and so everybody is rolling out breakfast and I guess I am just curious about how you see that as a competitive threat?
James Murphy: Let me just address the day part issue first. Over 90% of cereals consumed at breakfast currently. We see it as actually had growth opportunity for us, because we know that there is behavior out there that consumers eat cereals beyond breakfast as well, but it's still the fact is that most of it is consumed during that day part and we think it's a growth opportunity frankly to start marketing against that. So the second part of your question is really the quick serve restaurants in the advent of breakfast and they spent a lot of money on it as you know and many of the big QSRs have picked up breakfast as a growth platform. Having said that breakfast at home is growing, and so it's not really in our view taking a lot of occasions away. It's basically, I think and our research suggests that it's really going after those who have skipped breakfast in the past predominantly and we're picking up as many of those skippers as they are. And so I think there both actually growing.
Kristen Wenker: Operator, let's sneak one more in here before we're done with the hour.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: Just a quick one, Don, and then just quick one for Jim. Don, I think you had said that you still expected or maybe this is a week or so ago, gross margins to be up maybe a little bit for the year as a whole even though you started off with them being down in the first quarter of about 130 basis points. So is that still the case and just your sense on what gives you the confidence around the visibility there?
Donal Mulligan: Our expectations for gross margins are unchanged from the guidance we gave in July that we reaffirmed at your conference couple of weeks ago, Andrew. As I've mentioned in my comments we expect and have seen inflation is going to be higher in the first half of the year and then we'll also begin to lap the comparisons on Yoplait Canada and Yoki starting next quarter. So that combined with increased savings from HMM as the year unfolds gives us confidence we're going to see improving margins as F '14 plays out.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays: And then, Jim, you guys obviously have a long and rich history of data and kind of a knowledge base around the overall cereal category over a long, long sort of period of time. And I am just curious as you look at all the data I assume you come up with periods of time where there maybe several years in a row where the category overall in cereal isn't kind of behaving the way you wanted to for various reasons. But as you look back, I mean can you come up with similar timeframes where you had these sorts of category issues that have been typically invariably been solved through the things you're talking about whether it's brand building, innovation what not from all the category players. What I was trying to get at, is there anything really different here structurally now than maybe what you've seen in past periods like this?
James Murphy: Thanks for the question, Andrew, and in fact the answer is no to that. And if you look at the long history of cereal, let's just go back, say 30 years as I mentioned in my remarks cereals put on over 6 billion in sales over that time period, growing at about an average rate of dollar sales at about 3% compound annually over that time period, but it hasn't been 3% every year as you mentioned. In my 21 years at General Mills, I've seen growth in the cereal category written-off a couple different times. I will just bring up a couple of examples. The first one is when bagels become phenomenon in the U.S. And everyone has got to move to bagels and no one was going to eat cereal anymore. And then low and behold we innovated on cereal and brought some new taste varieties and new textures into the category and the category rebounded. The second time is when Atkins diet craze came a long and again everyone was going to move away from carbohydrates at that point. And then we brought whole grain news to the category. We brought fiber news to the category. We tend to be able to innovate our way out of this. And so the short answer is no, I don't see anything different about this time period than I saw the first two time periods around, but it's been comment on the branded manufacturers to bring the news and adapt in this highly adaptable category.
Kristen Wenker: All right, we are to the end of the hour here and so I've got to let my speakers go. I am sure there are some folks, maybe still in queue. Give us a shout if we can be of help.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect all lines. Thank you and have a good day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-06-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kris Wenker - VP, Investor Relations Don Mulligan - CFO Ken Powell - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Chris Growe - Stifel Andrew Lazar - Barclays Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank David Palmer - UBS Thilo Wrede - Jefferies Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein David Driscoll - Citigroup Todd Duvick - Wells Fargo Securities Jason English - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Welcome to the General Mills F13 Q4 year-end earnings release conference call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, June 26, 2013. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kris Wenker, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kris Wenker: Thanks, operator. Good morning everybody. I'm here with Ken Powell, our chairman and CEO, and Don Mulligan, our CFO. And I’ll turn the microphone over them in just a minute, but first, let me cover my usual housekeeping items. Our press release was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It's also posted on our website, if you still need a copy. We've posted slides on the website, also. They supplement our prepared remarks this morning. And our remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's materials lists factors that could cause future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Don.
Don Mulligan: Thanks, Kris, and hello, everyone. We appreciate your interest in General Mills today. As you’ve seen from this morning’s press release, net sales in the final quarter of 2013 grew at a high single-digit rate up 8% to exceed $4.4 billion. That includes 7 points of growth from new businesses. Segment operating profit of $722 million was 2% below year ago results that grew 9%. Net earnings attributable to General Mills and diluted earnings per share both grew at a double digit rate, primarily due to lower restructuring expense this year. Adjusted diluted EPS, which excludes restructuring and certain other items affecting comparability, declined 12% to $0.53 per share. Slide five gives you the components of our fourth quarter sales growth. Volume was up 11%, including strong contributions from the recently added Yoki and Yoplait international businesses. Price and mix reduced sales growth by 1 point in the quarter, and foreign exchange subtracted 2 points of growth. Slide six shows the gross margin, excluding mark-to-market effects, declined in the fourth quarter as expected. This reflects the factors we discussed on our last call, namely that our fourth quarter input costs were above year ago levels, and so was our in-store merchandising activity. For 2013, in total, underlying gross margin was down 80 basis points to 36.1%. This was entirely driven by the change in our business mix, primarily the additions of Yoki and Yoplait Canada. Slide seven summarizes a few other items of note to the fourth quarter. Advertising and media expense increased 5%. Corporate unallocated expense, excluding mark-to-market effects, totaled $115 million. That’s above last year’s fourth quarter, due in part to a $40 million annual increase in pension expense this year. Our fourth quarter tax rate was 31.5% as reported, including several discrete tax items that have been excluded from our calculation of adjusted diluted EPS. Excluding certain items affecting comparability, the fourth quarter tax rate was 35.1% this year, compared to 31.1% a year ago. Remember that last year’s fourth quarter rate was the lowest of the year. For the full year, our underlying tax rate matched last year’s 32.4%. One final item of note to the fourth quarter. Historically, many of our international operations have been consolidated at a one-month lag to our fiscal year. We have a long term project underway to align all of our international operations on our corporate fiscal reporting period. As part of that effort, fiscal 2013 includes 13 months of results for our Europe region. Last fiscal year’s results included 13 months for our operations in greater China. The extra period in each year does have some impact on fourth quarter sales growth rates for our Europe and Asia-Pacific regions. However, there was no material impact on the total international segment results or on overall company sales and operating profits for fiscal 2013. The full year results are summarized on slide eight. Net sales for 2013 grew 7% to reach $17.8 billion. New businesses contributed 6 points of that growth. Sales at our base business increased 2%, before a 1-point drag from foreign exchange. Segment operating profit increased 6% to reach $3.2 billion, net earnings and diluted EPS grew at double digit rates, and adjusted diluted EPS, which excludes restructuring costs. Mark-to-market effects and certain other items affecting comparability, grew 5% to reach $2.69 per share. That’s a bit above the $2.65 target we set at the beginning of the year. Now let me give you a quick summary of how our three operating segments finished 2013. For our U.S. retail segment, net sales grew 1% to $10.6 billion. And operating profit increased 4% to $2.4 billion. On slide nine, you can see U.S. retail sales split by our new marketing division structure we adopted at the start of the fiscal year. Sales for our Big G cereals, frozen food, and Yoplait declined for the year, while baking products, snacks, meals, and Small Planet Food divisions posted sales gains. Consumer takeaway trends in the fourth quarter saw sequential improvement as we can see on slide 10. Our increased merchandising activity in the quarter helped drive retail consumer sales growth for a number of key product lines and even stronger unit volume gains across our U.S. portfolio. So we exited 2013 with better momentum in this business segment. For our bakeries and food service segment, net sales declined slightly in 2013, reflecting a 1% decline in pound volume. But operating profit rose at a double digit rate to $315 million, a new record. And segment operating margin expanded 160 basis points to 16.1%. This good performance reflects our ongoing strategy of focusing on key branded product lines and the most resilient customer channels. 2013 net sales for our international business segment grew 24% to reach $5.2 billion. This reflects mid single digit growth in base business net sales and strong contributions from Yoki and Yoplait International. Operating profit rose 14% to $490 million. That’s despite the Venezuela currency devaluation and the one-time costs associated with transition of the Yoplait Yogurt license in Canada. If these items are excluded, our consolidated international operating profit would have increased 24%, in line with sales growth. On slide 12, you can see our international sales, split by geographic region. Canada sales rose 22% to $1.2 billion, reflecting low single digit growth in base business net sales and the addition of Yoplait. Latin America sales more than doubled to $876 million as we added Yoki. Our sales in the Europe region grew 11% to exceed $2.2 billion. This includes low single digit business net sales growth, two incremental months of Yoplait results, and one extra month of base business results, as I mentioned earlier. In the Asia-Pacific region, sales grew 11% to $900 million. That’s despite lapping the extra period last year for greater China. On a constant currency basis, our total international segment sales grew 28%. Today’s press release includes constant currency sales growth by region. Slide 13 summarizes 2013 joint venture performance. Net sales for cereal partners worldwide rose 2% on a constant currency basis, and constant currency sales for Haagen Dazs Japan grew 5%. After tax earnings from joint venture grew 12%, to reach nearly $100 million. And dividends received from the joint venture, net of advances made to them, totaled $79 million in 2013. Turning to the balance sheet, slide 14 shows the components of core working capital. In a year where net sales increased 7%, our core working capital declined 5%, reflecting our focus on extending payables terms. Cash flow from operations totaled $2.9 billion for the year, a robust 22% increase versus last year. And that’s net of a $200 million voluntary contribution to our pension plans. This strong cash flow funded $614 million in capital spending. That’s a bit below our original estimate for the year, primarily due to changes in project timing. And we returned $1.9 billion of cash to shareholders through stock buyback activity and an 8% dividend increase. We bought back 24 million shares during the year at an average price of roughly $42 per share. In addition, we funded strategic investments in new businesses. Debt increased a bit this year due to those investments. However, we still received an upgrade from one of the primary debt rating agencies. Turning to fiscal 2014, our plans call for another year of good sales and earnings growth for General Mills. We’re targeting low single digit sales growth that includes volume and sales growth in our base business in three incremental months of Yoki and Yoplait Canada. We’re estimating input cost inflation of 3%. We expect our strong set of holistic margin management initiatives to offset this cost headwind. We expect segment operating profit to grow faster than sales. Pension expense was a $0.06 per share headwind for us last year. As we look at 2014, pension expense will be a neutral factor. I can also report that our pension plans are in good shape. The return on plan assets was over 16% in 2013 and the funded status overall exceeds 94%. Finally, I’ll remind you that our 2014 plans call for increased cash returns to shareholders. We expect to generate strong operating cash flows again this year. We expect capital investments to total roughly $700 million. The resulting free cash flow will fund a 15% dividend increase, effective August 1, and share buybacks are designed to reduce diluted shares outstanding by a net 2%. Slide 17 provides a summary of our earnings guidance for 2014. Our targeted sales growth is expected to push annual revenue above $18 billion. Underlying gross margin is projected to improve modestly from 2013 levels. We expect our media investment to grow in line with net sales. We project our operating profit will grow at a mid single digit rate. We’re assuming an underlying tax rate comparable to last year’s 32.4%. We expect new venture earnings to grow at a mid single digit rate in constant currency, and be roughly comparable to this year’s strong results on an as-reported basis. And we expect adjusted diluted earnings per share to increase at a high single digit rate to a range of $2.87 to $2.90 per share. We believe our operating plans for 2014 are quite strong. We have high levels of innovation planned across our portfolio. To tell you more about our plans for the new year, I’ll turn the call over to Ken.
Ken Powell: Thanks, Don, and good morning to one and all. So Don’s just given you the key financial targets embedded in our 2014 plans. Our confidence in this year’s plan is rooted in the strength of our product portfolio. As you know, we’ve taken clear actions in recent years to focus and enhance our business mix. Slide 19 provides our 2013 sales split by platform for our five global platforms, and for our additional businesses that are largely US-based. We compete in large, profitable food categories that are important to both retailers and consumers, and our brands hold leading positions in these categories. Our global categories of ready-to-eat cereal, super-premium ice cream, convenient meals, wholesome snack bars, and yogurt are projected to grow at attractive rates in the years ahead. Innovation will be the key driver of this growth, and we’ve got strong plans to do our part in fueling that category growth in 2014. We’ll share the details of those plans at our investor meeting on July 9, but let me give you some quick highlights of our first half innovation plans this morning, and I’ll start with our cereal business. After an extended period of sales and market share gains for our U.S. cereal business, we gave up a bit of ground in 2013. Category sales also declined modestly for the year. In 2014, we’re bringing a stronger new product lineup, and stronger advertising to the cereal aisle, and we expect to generate annual sales growth for Big G. Slide 21 shows just the new items we’ll be launching in the first half. We’ll have additional new items later in 2014. We’ve also got significant ad campaigns behind several Big G stalwarts including Lucky Charms, Reese’s Puffs, and the one and only Cheerios. In Canada, we’re expanding the Cheerios franchise with new Honey Nut Cheerios Hearty O Crunch. We’re expanding the Fiber One franchise too, with an almond and cluster variety, and we’re increasing the consumer marketing activity focused on the cholesterol lowering benefits of our whole grain oats cereals. Our cereal partner worldwide also has a full slate of product news and marketing innovation planned this year, including new varieties of Fitness, Chocapic, and Nesquik. Add it all up, and we see excellent growth prospects for our global cereal business in 2014. Let’s turn to snacks, beginning with our wholesome snack bars business. We’ve added nearly 10 points to our share of the $3 billion U.S. grain snacks category over the past five years, and we’ve got a strong innovation lineup coming again in 2014. This includes extensions of Fiber One protein bars and new lemon and coffee cake flavors of Fiber One 90-calorie bars. We’re also expanding our Nature Valley franchise with two terrific new lines: soft baked oatmeal squares and Greek yogurt protein bars. That’s all in our U.S. retail business. Our bakeries and food service team sells a lot of snack bars in convenience stores too. We’ve got several new items launching in this channel, including single-serve versions of our Nature Valley soft baked oatmeal squares and Betty Crocker brownies. Beyond grain snacks, our new line of Green Giant vegetable snack chips is off to a great start. We launched the first flavors in January and will expand the line this summer. And in the freezer case, we’ve got some new, bold flavors of Totino’s pizza rolls. And finally, we’ve got some great new items for consumers interested in organic and natural snacks. Sales for our LARABAR all-natural fruit and nut bars continue to grow at a robust double digit rate. The newest addition to this line is ALT, a snack alternative that gets its high protein content from peas. We’re also expanding the Food Should Taste Good assortment, with two varieties of corn dipping chips. Outside the U.S., our Nature Valley and Fiber One snack bar lines continue to expand at a fast clip. Our 2014 plans include new flavors, new package sizes, and new points of distribution for these two powerful brand franchises. Slide 27 shows a few of our new convenient meals items for 2014. Retail sales of Progresso soup increased 8% in 2013. We’ll fuel that momentum with an assortment of great tasting new varieties. Every night, over 1 million U.S. families choose Hamburger, Chicken, or Tuna Helper for dinner, but this business has been languishing in recent years. We intend to renew Helper’s growth in 2014 with a comprehensive marketing plan featuring new products, new packaging, and new advertising. We’re also introducing a completely new line of high quality frozen Old El Paso Mexican entrees. Outside the U.S., we’ve got strong product news and innovation coming on our key Old El Paso and Wanchai Ferry lines. And in Brazil, we’re launching a new line of dinner kits called Yoki [unintelligible]. For our Haagen Dazs ice cream business, fiscal 2014 is primed to be another strong growth year, fueled by a global advertising campaign featuring actor Bradley Cooper. This advertising just began airing in select international markets. And finally, let’s talk about yogurt. We’ve got a tremendous amount of product innovation coming across our global yogurt business in 2014. In the U.S., we fell short of our goal to renew annual sales growth in 2013. However, we did post a modest increase for the fourth quarter of the year, and we intend to build on that momentum in 2014. Our launch of Yoplait Greek 100 Calorie yogurt is a clear success. Year one retail sales for this product are expected to exceed $140 million. We’re launching a multi-pack version and supporting the line with increased levels of advertising. We’re launching a new full-calorie line of separated Yoplait Greek yogurt. This product’s point of difference is its superior taste. We’ve got a new line of Yoplait Fruitful yogurt, a new high protein variety of Gogurt, and the continuing U.S. regional rollout of Liberte yogurt. So all of this should fuel U.S. yogurt growth this year. And outside the U.S. our yogurt business is posting good sales and share increases in key markets. We’re a leading player in the emerging Greek yogurt segment in Canada, the U.K., and France, with brands ranging from Liberte to Yoplait Yopa, to Yoplait Source. We’re developing the reduced calorie segment in various global markets with Weight Watchers endorsed product lines. Cal-in yogurt delivers the calcium and vitamin D that contribute to bone health, and we’ve got a range of new yogurt items designed to appeal to kids and their moms. In short, we believe we’ve got lots of ideas that will drive good growth for our brands and the global yogurt category in 2014. In the U.S., we have one more product category I want to mention, and that’s our baking products business. Our Pillsbury and Betty Crocker brands are the leading players in refrigerated dough and shelf-stable baking products, categories that generate a combined $4 billion in retail sales. We’ve just wrapped up a great fiscal 2013, with growth in volumes, sales, and profit. Our 2014 innovation efforts include the launch of a gluten-free line of refrigerated dough products, expanded distribution of the Immaculate Baking line, and some great new dessert mix items including a line featuring the irresistible taste of Hershey’s chocolate. So that’s a few highlights from our innovation plan. It’s a strong full year program. So we feel confident about our prospects for good top line growth in 2014. We’re expecting to combine that sales growth with margin expansion this year. Our schedule of HMM projects adds up to a strong level of cost savings, and we see the 3% input cost inflation in our plan as manageable. Remember too that some of the margin compression we’ve seen in each of the last two years simply reflected changes in our business mix, particularly the additions of Yoplait International and Yoki. We’ve largely integrated those businesses, and have already begun introducing HMM tools and other practices that drive efficiencies. These factors all support our goal of growing operating profits faster than sales in 2014. We also expect to resume improvement in return on capital this year, following two years where strategic acquisitions interrupted our progress. Net earnings growth will be the primary driver of that ROC increase, but our discipline around working capital and uses of cash will also contribute to this objective. So I’ll wrap up this morning by summarizing the key points of our 2014 outlook. Our plans for this year add up to a healthy level of top and bottom line growth, fueled by robust innovation and marketing plans across our portfolio. We expect to couple sales and earnings growth with an increasing return on capital. We’ve planned a strong level of cash returned to shareholders, and we look forward to talking more with you about these plans during our investor event two weeks from now. So with that, we’ll open the call for questions. Operator, please get us started.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question comes from the line of Chris Growe from Stifel. Please proceed.
Chris Growe - Stifel: I had two questions for you. Maybe the first one for Don. Is there anything unique to the year in terms of maybe the way the input cost inflation is flowing, or maybe the comparisons to fiscal 13, where you had a number of one-time items, like the Venezuelan bolivar devaluation. Just trying to get an understanding of the shaping of the earnings for the year and if there's any unique things that we should be aware of?
Don Mulligan: Yeah, we expect 3% for the year. It will be a little heavier in the front part of the year as we phase it through, as we come through some of the costs you saw in our fourth quarter in Q4. So as you model it, think about a little bit heavier inflation in the front half than the back half. But importantly, think inflation, not deflation, throughout the year. But a little heavier in the front half.
Chris Growe - Stifel : Is there a certain amount of hedging you have in place now in the input cost inflation, Don?
Don Mulligan: Yeah, we’re about 45% covered, which is a typical spot for us to be at this point in the year. So we have pretty good visibility, particularly the front half.
Chris Growe - Stifel : My second question was on Yoplait, in the U.S. in particular. You had another year of sales being down. And I just want to be clear on, as you look at the new product pipeline, your core cup performance, maybe some marketing increasing? I’m just trying to get an understanding of your expectations for your performance with Yoplait in fiscal ’14. Do you expect sales growth? And how do you rate the new products this year versus last year?
Ken Powell : We do expect sales growth in 2014, and that’s built around a couple of pillars. First of all, we did see the churns on our core cup business strengthen considerably over the course of this year, high single digit, low double digit from month to month as we moved into the second half. And so we’re very encouraged by that. That happened as we got those merchandising price points back into the correct zone. And we believe that that improving turns performance will allow us to stabilize our distribution on that core cup line. So we’re very encouraged by what we’re seeing there. Our kid business has continued to be quite robust. We really like what we’re seeing from Liberte as we continue to expand that business across the U.S. And I believe we’re in about 50% of the country now, and so obviously more to go there. And then finally, we have quite a good lineup of new products. The Yoplait traditional Greek product that we will be shipping here as we come into July is a terrific product. It’s a filtered traditional Greek yogurt. It has absolutely a terrific taste profile, and we believe that will be very well received by consumers. Retailers are quite enthusiastic about it as we bring that to market. We really just started with Yoplait Greek 100. That’s been very successful for us as we said in the presentation. We think that’s going to be well over a $100 million in year one. And we’ve just started on that. So we’ll be bringing new flavors to that, multi-packs, all the things that we can do to continue to give that product the growing shelf space that it will deserve. So we feel quite good about the innovation that we’ve got on that business. So we’ll have high levels of advertising and we’re sort of loaded for bear here and feel optimistic about 2014.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Please proceed.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays : First, I just wanted to dig into the gross margin expansion, you expect a little more for fiscal ’14. I think you said underlying gross margin, ex the acquisition, was roughly flat in fiscal ’13, and you expect it up a bit in ’14. Inflation’s expected to be pretty similar year over year. So I’m trying to get a sense of what the more significant drivers of the improvement in gross margin will be in ’14. Does HMM look like it will be comparable to last year? Or perhaps greater? Or is it all really just expected better base business performance that will get you there?
Don Mulligan : It’s actually probably three components I'll point to that you can really put in the larger HMM bucket. We talked about HMM. It’s about productivity, mix, and price. So productivity, we continue to see our productivity grow. We are still very much online to meet or exceed our commitment to get $4 billion of COGS productivity in this decade. So that will be a contributing factor, certainly. The other two are more in the mix bucket. We continue to see strong performance out of our bakeries and food service business as we continue to even heighten our focus on the key product platforms and customer channels where, with our branded products and our direct sales force, we can make a difference, both in terms of volume and importantly mix benefit. And then the other mix, and we actually saw that as we came out of F13, is stronger baselines in our U.S. retail business, which will contribute to better gross margins as well. As a matter of fact, that was probably the key reason that we were able to beat our previous guidance for F13, is that our baseline volume in U.S. retail was better than we had originally participated at the beginning of the quarter. It allowed us to exceed our original guidance by $0.01, and it will help to contribute to some margin expansion in F14 as well.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays : And Ken, just a broader industry question. I guess I’m curious if you think this is a fair characterization of where the industry is at. It’s that perhaps the recovery in volume has not been as rapid as the industry players would like to see, but that at least it’s been sort of moving forward at maybe a slow and steady pace. So I’m trying to get a sense, is that a fair characterization? And why do you think the recovery has been maybe slower than everyone would like, particularly as we’ve lapped a lot of the pricing?
Ken Powell : As to why the recovery has been slower than we all would have liked, I’m not an economist, but I think we’ve all read about how this has just been a very troublesome and challenging recovery for the country. And I think we have felt our share of it. But you know, the important thing, as you said, is that we are seeing steady improvement. We saw sequential improvement in our categories over the course of the year, particularly in the second half, and so the category and trends are improving. And as we enter F14, our situation basically is the categories generally are better. As we just commented a bit, our prices are stable. Inflation is moderate, and we think will be quite manageable for us from an HMM standpoint. And we’ve got a good lineup of innovation. So we feel that with this slow improvement and the steady improvement in the category fundamentals, we feel in quite a bit better position as we enter 2014 both for the industry and also for our portfolio of brands and categories.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman, Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I’m going to follow up on Andrew’s question, Ken, because it seems to me that if you’re forecasting, on the core business, low single digit sales growth, but at the same time you’re saying that categories are better, you’ve seen sequential improvement, your mix and baseline business is stronger, you’ve got a lot of confidence in your new products that you’re introducing. Maybe some of the categories are a little bit different, but it just seems like the organization is targeting market share kind of flat, and not market share gains. Can you respond to that?
Ken Powell : Well, we’re looking for flat to up on market share, and I think the points that you’ve made, they’re good points, but the other side of it is it continues to be very, very competitive out there, obviously, as Andrew pointed out. While we’re seeing recovery, the recovery is still pretty slow. So we feel good about the fundamentals as we enter the year, we feel our guidance is prudent, given the continuing challenges of the environment.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : And Don, as a follow up, based on my calculations and I think some of your comments at our conference, it looks like you’re trading at about a 7% free cash flow yield. You’re going to give about 3% of that back in the form of a dividend, and you’re buying back 2% of your stock. Why wouldn’t you be more aggressive given that your leverage ratios are pretty reasonable. It seems like you’ve got another 1-2% of free cash flow to either return to shareholders or pay down debt more aggressively. I don’t remember if you said what you expect interest expense to be, but maybe that’s the difference.
Don Mulligan : First of all, your math is right. It’s about 7% as we sit here today. With our market cap, you’d expect it to be about a 7% yield. Our expectation is that our free cash flow for F14 will be more than 100% of our earnings, so we’ll have the same kind of conversion efficiency we’ve had for the last couple of years. And we’ll return that cash to the shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchase, and it will be split as it has been in prior years, about a 15% increase in dividends, and we’ll have the 2% reduction in the number of shares. We’ll return a higher amount in dollar terms than what we generate in cash, so we will maintain our leverage ratios for the year. But we will return all that cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchase. In terms of interest expense, our interest expense will be up in F14 versus F13. Our debt levels in total will be higher, obviously, based on the Yoplait and more recently the Yoki acquisitions. And we also expect to term some of that debt out and probably carry a little less CP this year than we carried last year. So the mix will be a little bit more on the fixed side, and hence a slightly higher rate as we term out at what are still very attractive rates. But shareholders will see all the cash back this year that we generate, as we’ve been talking about for the last several months.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with UBS. Please proceed.
David Palmer - UBS : With regard to the big two categories in breakfast for you, yogurt and Big G, yogurt, it seems that the Yoplait Greek 100, you’ve effectively found pretty good promotion price points where it seems to be moving off the shelf rather well. For instance, we’re seeing 10 for 10s lately. Is that part of what’s working there for that, that you’ve been able to find the right size and the right price point, where that’s beginning to resonate in addition to the fact that you’ve gotten the taste and calorie counts to a point so it’s a promotion strategy that’s working? And as you’re thinking ahead to fiscal ‘14, is this really a law of big numbers, where Greek 100 is beginning to overtake the declines that you’re seeing in core cup Yoplait?
Ken Powell : So I think that the fundamentals of Yoplait Greek 100 is that it offers consumers a terrific benefit. And you touched on that in your question. But it’s a great tasting, traditionally filtered Greek yogurt that has only 100 calories per serving. And, by the way, it has a nice endorsement from Weight Watchers. And we know that that is a very very compelling benefit in the yogurt category. The light segment, in the traditional yogurt side of the category, that’s a huge segment. So we know the consumers really look for and appreciate that benefit, and I would say that’s fundamentally why it has been so successful, along with the fact that it tastes terrific. And then in terms of the marketing and promotion of that brand, it’s been, I would say, advertising driven. We’ve had good introductory advertising on that brand, I think, and consumers find the benefit compelling. The promotional in-store strategy I would say is very much in the zone, and very competitive. We’re not trying to outpromote anybody with Greek 100. We don’t feel we need to. We’re really driving it with consumer awareness building. So we feel very good about that benefit, and we think that we’ll continue to grow that next year. We have more capacity coming onstream this summer, which I think is an important point, to support the expansion of that brand, and this Yoplait Greek product that we’ll be launching in July, which is more of a traditional Greek product. And I think what we’ll say to you this morning is that product really really tastes good, and those of you who have decided to attend our investor day here in a few weeks will have the opportunity to taste that product and see it in its final packaging configuration and that sort of thing. And probably it’s a case of one taste will be worth a thousand words on that one. But, so, the combined impact of this Greek innovation that we’re bringing I think will give us continued very high growth in that segment. And that’s going to help our top line sales growth next year, obviously.
David Palmer - UBS : And just a follow up on cereal, when Big G was really firing and getting share, it seemed to be on the wellness news of the day, whether it’s fiber or whole grain, and also you played well on weight management. What benefits today do you think you can emphasize, and will be emphasizing, to get that trade up consumer? What are you going to be focusing on into fiscal ’14?
Ken Powell : Well, we’ll be focusing across our great portfolio. We’re bringing a lot of marketing news on our Cheerios franchise, fresh new advertising on yellow box and Honey Nut. We’re already seeing some nice improvements in baseline on yellow box in response to new advertising there. So when we get that right, that kind of marketing innovation always works for us. So we’ll be bringing fresh news there. We’ve got some good new products including Hershey’s Cookies and Cream cereal, which we think will be a good success for us. Chex continues to be a very high growth franchise for us. That’s another health benefit. But I would also say our stalwart kid brands continue to perform very well for us. Lucky Charms, Cinnamon Toast Crunch, Reese’s Pieces, these are great products. We’ve had very good growth from those. And one of the things we’re seeing here over the last year is as we advertise those products, those traditional kid brands, to adults, we’re seeing nice bounces in baseline, just by reminding adults how these products taste. So we’ve got a lot of good penetration driving marketing initiatives in Big G next year, that we believe will restore that division to growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Thilo Wrede from Jefferies. Please proceed.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies: Ken, last year at the analyst day that you had in New York, you laid out all the innovation that you had planned for Yoplait for the year. And you sounded very optimistic that they would improve the performance of the brand. Now, you said earlier today that the plans didn’t quite work out for Yoplait. What would give me confidence that the innovation that is coming over the next 12 months will work better, and the plan will work out better than apparently the plan last year did?
Ken Powell : We are disappointed that we didn’t have sales growth this year in the Yoplait division, but I would hasten to add that as you look at the sequential trends for the business, they’re quite encouraging. So our Q1 performance, we were minus 10 sales, Q2 was minus 6, Q3 was minus 3 or 4, and then we were flat or up slightly in the last quarter of the year. So clearly the trend is positive. I think the reason for the longer length of time for us was that it was very important for us to get our merchandising price points corrected and competitive in the market, and we began doing that, frankly, in Q4, going back two years ago. But it just took longer to see the impact of those price point adjustments and corrections flow into the market. But as they did flow over the course of the year, we saw significantly strengthening trends. The new product innovation in Yoplait worked very well. As you’ve heard, Yoplait Greek 100 has been quite successful for us. So I think that played out, if anything, a little better than we expected, and we clearly have something we can build on. So as we enter F14, what gives us confidence is that we’ve got our price points right on the core cup business, turns are up dramatically on core cup, and so that provides a foundation for stabilizing distribution on that business. And then we’ve got real good innovation on the Greek side. So that encourages us that F14 will be a good opportunity.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies : And then on a different topic, your advertising and media spending as a percentage of sales has been declining for I think three years now. Based on the guidance that you gave today, it sounds like it will stabilize. What’s the thinking behind the trend over the last two years and why the stabilization now? Why is this the right level now?
Ken Powell : First of all, just a little bit of context, we’ve increased our advertising by 50%, which I would suspect puts us at the top of the class in terms of our commitment to brand building. Now, this past year, in 2012, again, we made the decision early in the year to make some investments in merchandise price points just to make sure that we were in the right zone there, and that caused a slight reduction in advertising for the year. But also, resulted in strengthening baselines for us over the course of the year and our belief is that as we got those price points right, see those baselines recover, that really makes all the advertising spending much more effective. So we think we made the right tradeoff there. As we enter 2014, again, we enter with our price points just where we want them to be, and we are planning an increase in advertising in line with sales, for F14. So really back on model, if you will, for General Mills and advertising spend.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Maybe just following up on the question about U.S. cereals. In terms of category growth, other companies have said demand is fairly weak at present, especially for adult cereals. And I was just wondering if you’ve been seeing the same thing and whether you have views on what might be causing that. And then as a follow up, there’s been quite a few legislative and retailer-led developments in response to increasing consumer concerns about genetically modified foods. Are you seeing any impact? And then if you are, then what steps are you taking to address those?
Ken Powell : Where we see baselines that are a little bit weaker or declining, it always has something to do with what we’re doing or not doing, and fundamentally would come back to not the right kind of innovation. And so as I mentioned earlier, take yellow box Cheerios as an example. As we’ve shifted and refreshed our advertising, particularly in the second half of this year, we’ve seen that brand first stabilize in Q3 - I think share was down just a couple of basis points - and then continue to strengthen in Q4. This is yellow box Cheerios. And this is all behind better messaging and around the health benefits of that product. So we look at it as down to us. It’s about the quality of our messaging and our innovation, and we’re encouraged by what we’re beginning to see in the Cheerios franchise as an example. Another example for us would be our Chex franchise, which is broadly an all-family franchise, but a good bit of adult consumption. And here, of course, where we have that strong gluten-free benefit that we’ve communicated well about, I think we’re in our third year of double-digit growth. And so the way we look at it, we see plenty of evidence that when we get the message right, when we get the innovation right, these brands respond. We’re seeing that in Chex, we’re beginning to see that in Cheerios, and we have a very strong program of innovation and marketing and consumer promotion next year. So we think we’ll continue to see those franchises strengthen. And maybe the last point is one that I made earlier, just advertising some of our more traditionally child-targeted adults, like Cinnamon Toast Crunch. Getting plenty of adult consumption there, with that advertising, and adults may be looking for some variety and they love the way those products taste. So there are lots of signals that we’re not victims here. If we get the innovation right, we’ll do just fine. It’s on us, and we like what we’ve got in the pipeline for next year. On GMOs, obviously aware of what’s going on there and the traffic in social media. Again, we’re not seeing an impact on our business. What does impact our business is when our innovation and our messaging is right, then we see a fairly rapid impact in a positive direction. So obviously that’s something that’s out there, but we don’t see it really affecting our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll from Citigroup. Please proceed.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Wanted to follow up on cereal, and then a Hamburger Helper question. On cereal, kind of picking up the thread that I think many analysts have laid out, baseline cereal dollars have been weakening. Ken, you’ve already tried to explain this a little bit, but when I look at the slides and I see the BFast product, I also see a similar product from your big competitor. I wonder if you guys aren’t hedging a little bit here about what’s happening to breakfast and the volume growth within the cereal category itself. Can you explain a little bit about how BFast fits in? If this thing is really successful, is it successful at the expense of the cereal business itself, because of the underlying trends? I think a lot of people are really trying to get at this. We’re watching these baselines. They look awfully weak. We’re seeing these other products out there suggesting that people are moving away from that traditional breakfast. How do you put this all together for us?
Ken Powell : Look, I won’t repeat myself on what I’ve said on the core cereal business. This is a third of all breakfast occasions. We saw it down a little bit this year, a couple of percentage points. There are so many innovation and messaging opportunities around health and taste in cereal that we’re quite confident that we can find messages that will resonate and that will restore that category to growth. We really strongly believe in the category and that we can do that. Something like BFast, breakfast is a huge category. It’s a huge occasion. I mean, I’m going to guess $100 billion or more of products consumed at breakfast. So that’s a big ocean. And people drink beverages at breakfast, and interested in convenience. And so we just see an opportunity there, and are simply capitalizing on it. It’s too soon to say how bit it is, but we clearly think it’s interesting. And in terms of where it might get its volume from, it’s probably everything from fruit and yogurt and coffee, you name it. Probably sourced a little bit from everything. But we simply see it as a good opportunity on its own. Obviously we have very strong breakfast equities and credentials at General Mills, and so we want to pursue that opportunity and we think there may be something there.
Don Mulligan: The only thing I would add on BFast is historically consumption for cereal has been teenagers and younger and 45-50 and older, and there’s the breakfast skippers in the middle. And that’s really what we’re going after a BFast. So we’ve seen, in the testing that we have done so far, this to be highly incremental to our RTE cereal business.
David Driscoll - Citigroup : On Hamburger Helper, it seems like you’ve been attacked on two fronts there, on both kind of the cheese side within the dinners, and then also perhaps on the price point in merchandising. Can you talk about your response? It looks like you’ve got some nice packaging and products coming out. How quickly do you believe that you can restore the strength of the Helper franchise?
Ken Powell : Well, our goal is to do it this year. And you’ve seen some of the packaging, and I’m sure we’ll demonstrate those products more in a couple of weeks. But it’s a complete redo of the core line, with packaging and some reformulation and refreshed advertising. We’ll also be launching a subline of products called Hamburger Helper Ultimate, and those products will feature liquid pouches, if you will, and so that would include some cheese-based pouches to make some very, very good dishes, but also some other liquid ingredients that would make other different kinds of Helper meals. And we’re quite excited about that product as well, which we think will extend that franchise in a nice direction. So again, it’s about refreshing and renovating these core brands and bringing good innovation. And we think we’ve got a very good program for Helper as we go into 2014.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Duvick of Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed.
Todd Duvick - Wells Fargo Securities: Don, I think you answered this in part already, but with respect to your debt balance, you’ve got about $2 billion of short term debt, including a $700 million note that matures in August. Can we expect you to be in the market probably before that matures to refinance that, and a portion of the CP you had mentioned?
Don Mulligan : I’m not sure if we’ll be in the market before September. We have a couple of maturities this year. I think about $1.4 to $1.5 billion of maturities between September, and I think we have another one in February, if I recall the date correctly. So we’ll definitely be in the market. Probably do something pretty substantial, $1 billion plus. I would think later this calendar year, probably not before September necessarily. And it will be to both refinance those as well as term out a little bit of our CP. Back to Eric’s question on free cash flow, I just want to be very clear on it. We are going to return all our cash to shareholders and maintain our leverage, but just the math behind it, because I think that’s really what Eric’s question was getting at, is our free cash flow yield will be about 7%, or is sitting today at about 7%. Obviously our dividend yield is about 3%. We are going to reduce our average shares outstanding by 2%. So if you think of the math behind that, since we didn’t reduce our shares this year, we actually have to take 4% of our shares off this coming year to average 2% down. So think 4% going to share repurchase, 3% going to dividends. That really explains the 7% free cash flow yield and how it’s being returned to shareholders. So I just want to be clear about that, more back to Eric’s question than yours, but for everyone doing the math behind the cash flow, I want to make sure they know where it’s going.
Todd Duvick - Wells Fargo Securities: And a quick follow up. Can you just remind us, in terms of how you manage your balance sheet, you did mention the upgrade by Moody’s. Do you really manage to kind of a rating target? Or do you look at a specific range of leverage ratios?
Don Mulligan : We look at the latter. It’s not our call on what the rating agencies rate us at. That’s their call. But we target leverage ratios, and primarily our debt to EBITDA. And so obviously each of the rating agencies calculates that a little bit differently. But we want to stay basically in the range that we’re in today, and where we’ve been actually for the last couple of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs:
 : I want to come back to your 3% inflation guidance. I think it’s a little bit higher than some people expected, including myself. Can you help us understand some of the factors that are driving that?
Don Mulligan : Obviously we have a pretty broad input basket. Again, this is all of our COGS. And it’s pretty widely dispersed, as we’ve talked about in the past. Ten percent or less is in grain, you have 5% in dairy, 5% in energy, 5% in soy, 5% in sugar. So it’s a pretty broad base. And if you look today, on a spot basis, most of the grains are still up, certainly energy is up, and [even in] a forward market that would hold true for most of those items as well. And as we look forward, both in positions we have and where the forward market is, whether it’s a viable forward market for our inputs, it comes to about a 3% inflation for the year. Obviously different by business, and by geography, but averaging 3% for the company. And as I mentioned earlier, a little higher than that in the first part of this year and a little lower than that in the back half. But inflation in every quarter.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs : So no particular outliers. I want to come back to some of the category questions we’ve been getting. First, congratulations on some of the velocity improvements that we’ve been seeing in yogurt. It’s encouraging that it does seem to suggest your base is a lot stronger. The path to get there has been pretty long, and somewhat painful, with discontinuations, product pruning, sharpening your price points. As we look at your cereal business now, the velocity looks almost as bad as it was in yogurt before you had to go through that process. Your velocity’s now down around 12% or so, more than offsetting the distribution gains you’re getting. What’s the path forward there? And is it going to be different than what you’ve experienced in yogurt?
Ken Powell : Well, I think for cereal, the path forward, it’s always brand by brand renovation and execution. And so where we have solid messaging and innovation, we’re seeing a very good response, and very good growth. And this year we didn’t feel that we had all that we needed, or should have, and so as I’ve said, we’re very encouraged by the response to new advertising on Cheerios, and we’ve got more innovation planned on Cheerios as we go into F14. So we’re encouraged by that. We’re very encouraged by the continuing strength of our kid brands. Fiber One is a brand that I haven’t mentioned. That’s been a good grower for us over the last four or five years. We didn’t see that last year. We think there are some product renovation and [flanker] opportunities that can revitalize that franchise, and so we’ve got some initiatives that we’ll be taking there. So it really comes down to just making sure we’ve got the right innovation and messaging program on all these core brands, and we just didn’t have that this year. And we feel much more confident about the program that we’ve got for F14.
Kris Wenker: And I think we’ll have to end it there. We’re at the end of our hour, so if there’s people still left in queue, please give me a call, and I’ll try and get your questions answered.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-03-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kristen Smith Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations Donal Leo Mulligan - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President David E. Dudick - Senior Vice President and President of Bakeries & Foodservice Kendall J. Powell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Mills Third Quarter 2013 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, March 20, 2013. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kris Wenker, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kristen Smith Wenker: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. I'm here with Ken Powell, our CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO; and Dave Dudick, Senior Vice President and Head of our Bakeries and Foodservice business, and I'll turn the call over to them in just a minute. First, I'm going to cover my usual housekeeping items. Our press release on third quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning, it's also posted on our website, if you need a copy. We've put slides on the website, too, they supplement today's prepared remarks. Our remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. And the second slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, starting with Don.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Thanks, Kris, and good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us today. Our third quarter results are summarized on Slide 4. Net sales grew 8% to more than $4.4 billion. Sales for our base business grew 2%. New businesses, primarily Yoki in Brazil and Yoplait Canada, contributed 6 points of net sales growth in the quarter. Segment operating profit grew 11%, led by double-digit gains for our U.S. Retail and Bakeries and Foodservice segments. Net earnings totaled $398 million, and diluted earnings per share were $0.60, as reported. Excluding certain items affecting comparability, our adjusted diluted EPS would be $0.64, up 16% from last year's third quarter. Slide 5 shows the components of our net sales growth. Pound volume contributed 9 points of growth in the quarter, that's primarily the addition of Yoki and Yoplait Canada, which together contributed 8 points of volume growth. Volume growth excluding new businesses contributed 1 percentage point of growth. Sales mix and net price realizations subtracted 1 point of sales growth, and foreign exchange had no impact on total company sales growth in the quarter. Slide 6 shows net sales growth by segment. The U.S. Retail net sales grew 2%, as our Snacks, Small Planet Foods, Baking and Meals divisions all posted gains. U.S. Retail pound volume matched year ago levels. International net sales rose 24%, as reported, and 25% on a constant currency basis, with good growth across all geographic regions. These results do include 20 points of growth, primarily, from Yoki and Yoplait Canada. Excluding new businesses and foreign exchange, International sales grew 5% in the quarter. And net sales for our Bakeries and Foodservice business matched year-ago levels. Gross margin declined in the third quarter, as reported results include the impact of the mark-to-market valuation for certain grain inventories and commodity hedges we'll use in future periods. Slide 7 also shows that excluding mark-to-market effects, underlying gross margin declined 60 basis points, primarily due to change in our business mix. We expect our underlying gross margin will be down again in the fourth quarter and down 60 to 80 basis points for the full year. Slide 8 shows third quarter profit growth by operating segment. U.S. Retail posted a 13% increase, reflecting lower inflation year-over-year, lower advertising expense and continued discipline around administrative costs. International profit was flat for the quarter, reflecting the impact of the bolivar devaluation in Venezuela. For us, this will total around $23 million in fiscal 2013, with $15 million hitting in the third quarter. For the year in total, this represents a roughly $0.02 impact on EPS, that's consistent with the estimate we gave you in December. Excluding the bolivar devaluation, International operating profit would've increased 16% in the quarter. In Bakeries and Foodservice, profit grew 13%, driven by favorable net price realization mix, grain merchandising earnings and lower manufacturing costs. Dave will talk more about this business segment in a moment. After-tax earnings from joint ventures increased 37% in the quarter to $21 million, led by Häagen-Dazs Japan. On a constant currency basis, CPW sales increased 1%, with continued good performance in emerging markets, partially offset by market softness in southwestern Europe. Constant currency sales for Häagen-Dazs Japan grew 5%, led by new products and strong brand building support. Through 9 months, after-tax earnings from joint ventures are up 6% to $77 million. Corporate unallocated expenses, excluding mark-to-market effects, were $76 million this quarter, that's above last year's third quarter, primarily due to increased pension expense. Third quarter interest expense declined $19 million, primarily due to favorable rates and mix of debt. We now expect full year interest expense to show a low double-digit decline from 2012 levels. Our effective tax rate for the quarter, excluding items affecting comparability, was 30.8%, below year-ago levels, due to audit settlements and federal legislation passed during the quarter. We estimate our underlying tax rate for fiscal 2013 will be below 33%. That means the fourth quarter rate will be above last year's fourth quarter, which had the lowest quarterly tax rate of the year. Turning to the balance sheet. Slide 11 shows our core working capital increased 3%, driven by the addition of Yoki. Excluding the impact of Yoki, core working capital actually declined in the quarter, due to our focus on inventory reduction. Through the first 9 months, cash flow from operations exceeded $2.1 billion. Capital expenditures totaled $412 million, roughly comparable to last year. So as you can see on Slide 12, our free cash flow is up 40% so far this year to more than $1.7 billion. We're returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We have repurchased approximately 19 million shares of common stock this year, for a total of $745 million. For the full year, we continue to target a net reduction in average diluted shares outstanding. And as we indicated at the CAGNY conference, our goal next year is a net 2% reduction in shares outstanding. Dividends paid through the first 9 months of this year totaled $652 million, that's up 9% over last year. In fact, as shown on Slide 13, General Mills dividends have grown at an 11% compound rate in recent years. And last week, we announced a 15% dividend increase to a new quarterly rate of $0.38 per share, effective with our August 2013 payment. Slide 14 summarizes our financial performance through the first 9 months of fiscal 2013. Net sales were up 6% to more than $13 billion. Segment operating profit is growing faster than sales, up 9%. Net earnings attributable to General Mills totaled nearly $1.5 billion, and diluted earnings per share were $2.24. Excluding items affecting comparability, our adjusted earnings per share totaled $2.16, up 10% from a year ago. As we look to the end of the year, we expect to generate continued good sales growth. We do expect fourth quarter EPS to be below strong year-ago results, due to increased merchandising levels in this year's fourth quarter, higher supply chain costs and a higher tax rate. Including these assumptions for the fourth quarter, we remain on track to achieve our fiscal 2013 financial targets. We expect net sales to grow at a mid-single digit rate, including low-single digit growth from our established businesses, plus contributions from new businesses. We expect segment operating profit to grow at a mid-single digit rate, and we've raised our full year earnings per share guidance a bit to a range of $2.66 to $2.68 before items affecting comparability. With that, I'll turn the microphone over to Dave for a review of our Bakeries and Foodservice segment. Dave?
David E. Dudick: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everybody. I appreciate the opportunity to give you an update on our Bakeries and Foodservice business. Let me start with a reminder of how we've transformed this business over the last 5 years. Under the leadership of my predecessor, John MacHuzick, we've sold or exited lower-margin product lines, streamlined our supply chain and implemented a direct sales force. We've also focused our resources on our highest margin products in the most resilient channels. As a result of these efforts, we've significantly improved the profitability of this business. Since 2008, segment operating profit has increased at a 14% compound rate, and our profit margin has expanded by nearly 600 basis points. This is top-tier industry performance. And with margins that are approaching the General Mills corporate average, we are an increasingly important contributor to company operating profit. Our momentum is continuing in 2013. As you can see on Slide 18, year-to-date net sales are down modestly. But year-to-date operating profit is up 16%, driven by favorable product mix, lower input cost and grain merchandising earnings. Our operating profit margin exceeds 16% through the first 9 months of the year. Today, our Bakeries and Foodservice business is focused on 6 key product platforms: snacks, cereal, frozen breakfast items, yogurt, biscuits and baking mixes. These products account for nearly 3/4 of our segment operating profit and represent our best prospects for long-term growth. We are also focused on the fastest-growing channels. Slide 20 shows that food and beverage sales in certain channels are expected to grow ahead of foodservice industry rates. For convenience stores, food products are becoming an increasingly important contributor to channel sales and profit, as gasoline and tobacco products are on the decline. In the education channel, the K-12 breakfast occasion is expected to grow at double the overall channel growth rate of 2%. And on colleges and universities, the collective purchasing power of students is $76 billion and rising. And the healthcare channel is projected to grow ahead of industry rates in response to the growing needs of the aging U.S. population. Moving forward, we will continue to focus our efforts on our most profitable products in these fastest-growing foodservice channels. Of our 6 key product platforms, 4 are consumer branded. These are snacks, cereal, frozen breakfast items and yogurt. Let me tell you a bit more about our efforts against each of these businesses, beginning with snacks. In convenience stores, our direct sales force provides unique consumer insights and category management expertise to drive sales growth for our customers and for General Mills. We've increased C-store distribution for our snack products in each of the past 4 years, driving double-digit net sales growth and a 2-point increase in market share. Our Nature Valley Oats 'n Honey Bars, the top-turning gran snack bar in the entire convenience store channel. And we've just launched a great new product lineup in January, including Nature Valley Protein Bars and a new Chex Mix variety. We're quickly expanding C-store distribution of our recently acquired Food Should Taste Good natural snacks. In cereal, our Outnumber Hunger initiative gives college and university operators and students an opportunity to help ease the hunger issue in their communities. With every student cereal purchased on-campus, General Mills will make a donation to a local food bank. In the K-12 channel, we're the cereal category leader in school nutrition programs and breakfast programs. Recent legislation of the K-12 school nutrition program recommends more whole grain at breakfast. Since all of our Big G cereals contain more whole grain than any other single ingredient, we have a great opportunity to expand our cereal distribution in the education channel. The recommendation of more whole grains is good for our K-12 frozen breakfast business, too. Our Pillsbury branded waffles, pancakes and French toast are each an excellent source of whole grain, with 16 to 24 grams per serving. And these products are easy for operators to prepare, they can be heated and served right in the package. We've recently added Pillsbury breakfast flatbread and Pillsbury Mini Muffins to our lineup. In yogurt, we are providing operators and consumers with solution-based innovation. Yoplait ParfaitPro gives foodservice operators an easy way to prepare layered yogurt parfaits. This year, we've expanded distribution of yogurt parfaits to nearly 1,600 campuses across the country, nearly double the level of just 3 years ago. We've added a Greek variety, and we've recently expanded our ParfaitPro business to convenience stores and other foodservice channels. We've enhanced our K-12 yogurt offering by improving the health profile of our Trix yogurt products. And we've expanded our healthcare channel Greek yogurt assortment to include Yoplait Greek 100. In addition to strong brands, we also bring strong sales capabilities to our customers. Our direct sales force provides pricing recommendations, unique consumer insights, category management expertise and supply chain capabilities. This sales team is a competitive advantage for General Mills and our customers seem to agree. Fiscal year-to-date, our Bakeries and Foodservice division has been recognized by customers and industry organizations with 18 awards, reflecting our ability to provide our customers with great brands and unique insights to drive category growth. We expect to deliver continued profit margin expansion moving forward, and here's what gives us confidence: first, we continue to invest behind our most profitable products in the fastest-growing foodservice channels. Second, we are leveraging the same HMM principles as our U.S. Retail counterparts, identifying and removing waste and redeploying the captured savings to invest in our business. Third, we continue to review our product portfolio for additional opportunities to refine and focus our efforts. And finally, we've built market share in a very difficult economic period, so we are well-positioned for sales and profit growth as the economy recovers. With that, let me wrap up my overview of General Mills' Bakeries and Foodservice business. Foodservice industry sales are expected to grow at a mid-single digit rate in the years ahead, outpacing recent performance in traditional U.S. Retail channels. Our strategy of focusing on the highest-margin products and the fastest-growing channels is working, and we remain on track to deliver our targets for 2013, including segment operating profit growth at a mid-single digit rate or better, and another year of solid double-digit operating profit margin. And we see excellent growth prospects in 2014 and beyond. I'd like to close by thanking the more than 500 employees of General Mills' Bakeries and Foodservice division. Their talents and dedication make me optimistic and excited about the future prospects for our business. Thank you for your time this morning. I'll now turn the call over to Ken Powell.
Kendall J. Powell: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everybody. You just heard about the very good results that Dave and his team are posting on our Bakeries and Foodservice segment. So now I'm going to review performance in our other 2 business segments, beginning with U.S. Retail. As Ian mentioned at CAGNY last month, the U.S. operating environment is getting better. Across our categories, pricing trends are moderating and volume trends are improving. For our categories in aggregate, Nielsen Unit Volume increased in each month of the third quarter. And year-to-date, both volume and pricing contributed to Retail sales growth. As shown on Slide 31, year-to-date net sales for our U.S. Retail business increased 1%. Through a combination of net price realization and mix, strong HMM performance, cost savings from last year's restructuring and lower media expense, U.S. Retail operating profit grew faster than sales, up 7% year-to-date. In the U.S. cereal category, after 5 consecutive years of market share gains, we've lost a bit of share so far in 2013. But as our levels of merchandising improved in the third quarter, our share trend has also improved, and we expect further improvement in the fourth quarter, with both established brands and new cereals contributing to our momentum. For example, our new advertising campaign is reminding consumers about the simple goodness of our iconic original Cheerios. Baseline trends are improving in response to this message and we'll support this baseline momentum with strong promotions, including our Spoonfuls of Stories free book program next month. Adults make up nearly half of total Lucky Charms cereal consumption, so we've expanded our marketing efforts to include new advertising that targets adults, and results have been terrific. Since the new campaign started in January, Lucky Charms baseline sales have increased 16%. And in celebration of St. Patrick's Day, we just launched our Chase for the Charms mobile application, giving consumers the chance to chase down their favorite marshmallow charm and win great prizes. We've also launched a strong slate of new cereal products. Honey Nut Cheerios is the single largest brand in the U.S. cereal aisle. Our latest addition to the franchise is Honey Nut Cheerios Medley Crunch, it started shipping in January and advertising began 8 weeks ago. Early consumer response has been terrific. We're adding new varieties of other popular cereal brands, too. Fiber One 80 Calorie Chocolate cereal offers consumers 35% of the adult daily value of fiber and a great chocolate taste at just 80 calories per serving. And new Peanut Butter Toast Crunch builds on the success of our Cinnamon Toast Crunch franchise. In total, our January cereal launches represent over a full percentage point of category sales and will help build momentum in our cereal business in the fourth quarter and into fiscal 2014. In yogurt, our biggest innovation is Yoplait Greek 100-calorie yogurt. This product is expanding the buy rate of current yogurt consumers and bringing new users into the category. Yoplait Greek 100 is on track to deliver $100 million in year 1 retail sales. And for our Greek yogurt business in total, sales are significantly outpacing growth of the segment. We picked up 3 points of segment market share year-to-date. For Yoplait Original and Yoplait Light, what we call our core cup business, we've improved our existing product lineup, added new varieties and better aligned our merchandising price points with competitive levels. And our core cup products are still very responsive to advertising. Baseline sales per point of distribution are up since we launched new advertising last fall. With declines in distribution, our core cup sales are still down for the year, but we're seeing a nice improvement in core cup unit volume turns, the key step in restoring this business to growth. In the kids segment, Yoplait is the clear category leader, with a nearly 50% share. In January, we added 2 great products to our kid yogurt lineup: Go-GURT Twisted gives kids 2 flavors and 2 colors in every tube, and with 10% of the daily calcium and vitamin D requirements, no high fructose corn syrup and just 70 calories per serving, moms like it, too. New Yoplait Pro-Force is a great-tasting higher protein yogurt for tweens. We're supporting this item with a robust digital advertising campaign. Our U.S. yogurt plans also include regional expansion of 2 great brands. Year-to-date, Liberté sales have increased at a robust double-digit rate, and we still have significant distribution growth ahead of us. Our Mountain High brand currently leads the large size yogurt segment on the West Coast. We are now expanding distribution to the remaining 2/3 of the country. In the third quarter, retail sales increased 7%. And we're excited to offer this great-tasting, all-natural yogurt product nationwide. For our yogurt business in total, we're very encouraged by recent trends. We are leveraging 3 great brands, Yoplait, Mountain High and Liberté, to deliver product innovation and impactful marketing programs to all parts of the category. We expect to see continued momentum in yogurt, including another quarter of sequential volume improvement as we wrap up fiscal 2013. It's still cold outside, so let's talk about some favorite cold-weather consumer brands. Year-to-date retail sales for Progresso soup are up 7%, including an 11% jump in baseline sales. Our media spending is up double digits. We've increased Progresso points of distribution and household penetration, and we're gaining share in the now growing ready-to-serve soup segment. Our Pillsbury and Betty Crocker brands are the dominant players in the $3.9 billion Baking Products category. We've just wrapped up a great holiday season with growth in volume, sales, profit and market share in the latest quarter. We really like our competitive position in this category, and we see terrific growth prospects ahead. In the Frozen Food aisle, new Green Giant Seasoned Steamers is a big hit with consumers. Just last month, this line was selected as a Frozen Foods Product of the Year in a survey of over 50,000 consumers. We're seeing good growth across our established Totino's Pizza Rolls line, and in January, we added new Totino's Pizzeria varieties to the lineup. We also launched Totino's Bold Rolls into the Club Channel, targeting millennial males with the Buffalo Chicken variety. As shown on Slide 45, we've expanded our Fiber One snack bars franchise with the launch of Fiber One Protein Bars. These have at least 6 grams of protein per serving and 20% of the adult daily value for fiber at 140 calories or less per bar. We're adding new varieties to our Nature Valley and Cascadian Farm product lines, and we've launched Green Giant vegetable chips. Our snacks portfolio also includes some great natural and organic items. Year-to-date sales for Lärabar, all-natural fruit and nut bars, are growing at a double-digit pace. And we've just launched Lärabar ALT bars in the natural channel, adding a vegan-based protein bar to the lineup. We're supporting the launch of ALT with product sampling and a strong social media campaign. So for our U.S. Retail business in total, we are nicely on track to meet our targets for 2013, with low-single digit growth in net sales and faster growth in segment operating profit. Turning to our International business, year-to-date performance is shown on Slide 47. Net sales are up 23% as reported. This reflects contributions from recent acquisitions and mid-single digit growth on our base business. Segment operating profit increased at a double-digit rate as well, and that's despite the impacts of the bolivar devaluation in Venezuela and nonrecurring expenses booked last quarter to transition the Yoplait business in Canada. On a constant currency basis, International sales are up 27% through the first 9 months of the year. We are posting good growth across all of our geographic regions. In the Asia Pacific region, our business in China is leading 14% constant currency sales growth. Sales in Canada are up 21%, reflecting the addition of the Liberté and Yoplait yogurt businesses. In Europe, sales grew 16%, with good performance on the Yoplait, Nature Valley and Old El Paso brands. And in Latin America, sales have more than doubled year-to-date, reflecting the addition of Yoki. We are performing well in many of our established markets. In Europe, we're seeing strong early results from new products launched in the U.K., including Calin, our functional yogurt brand and Greek-style line extensions of our Perle de Lait and Weight Watchers brand. Earlier this month, we launched Liberté Greek into the U.K. as well. For our Europe yogurt business in total, year-to-date retail sales are growing at a mid-single digit pace, and we're gaining market share. In our other European categories, household penetration levels are well below other developed markets, so we see terrific opportunities for growth. For example, retail sales for our Nature Valley Granola Bars are growing at a double-digit rate, and in Mexican foods, Old El Paso retail sales are up 7%. We are also performing well in emerging markets. In Greater China, new Häagen-Dazs cafés, strong mooncake sales and increased retail visibility are driving a double-digit increase in net sales for this business year-to-date. Our Wanchai Ferry product line is moving beyond frozen dumpling into frozen noodles, tongyuan and wonton in existing cities. We're also expanding our frozen dumplings product line into new cities. In total, year-to-date sales are growing at a double-digit rate. In Brazil, Yoki is posting double-digit sales growth in some of its largest categories, including popcorn, seasonings and side dishes. We see exciting opportunities for future product innovation, sales growth and margin expansion in this key emerging market. So we're pleased with our International performance. Our base business is growing, and our recent acquisitions are on pace to deliver expected year 1 results. We remain on track to meet our targets for the full year. These are high single-digit net sales growth and operating profit ahead of last year for our base business and contributions to both sales and operating profit from acquisitions. Let me also say a quick word about our Cereal Partners Worldwide joint venture. Through the first 9 months, constant currency net sales were up 2%. We are leveraging our large core brands, like Chocapic and Cheerios, and we recently launched Chocolate Cheerios in the U.K. The cereal category is posting growth in markets around the world. While there is some category softness in southwestern Europe, sales in other established markets, like the U.K. and Mexico, are up. And the category is growing even faster in emerging markets, in Latin America and Asia. CPW holds a 23% value share of the cereal category outside of North America, and we continue to like the growth prospects we see for this venture. So with that, let me summarize today's update on fiscal 2013. We have robust levels of news and product innovation in markets around the world. We've delivered solid year-to-date performance, with a mid-single digit increase in total company net sales and double-digit growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share. And for the full year, we've raised our EPS guidance to $2.66 to $2.68 for fiscal 2013. And as we outlined at CAGNY last month, we will return to our long-term earnings model in 2014, including high single-digit growth in EPS and increased cash returns to shareholders. So thanks to all of you for your time this morning and for your interest in General Mills. I'll now ask the operator to open the call to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question, coming from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess, I was -- within U.S. Retail in the third quarter, I was a bit surprised that despite a lot of the big gain in last year's third quarter in price mix, that price mix actually accelerated sequentially from, I think, 0 in the second quarter to up 2 in the third. So I'm trying to get a sense of what drove that and if that was primarily just a mix of products shift? And I guess, more importantly, given some of your language around the fiscal fourth quarter and what to expect in more in-store merchandising and such and the very tough comp with respect to pricing last year, should we expect price mix in the fourth quarter to be lower and then, I guess, heading into fiscal '14? And the reason I ask is because obviously, one of the concerns out there for the group is, given more modest input cost inflation and what have you, does it drive the industry to sort of get a bit more promotional, like we saw back in sort of '09 and 2010, which didn't end up that well?
Kendall J. Powell: Andrew, let me, maybe let me address the last point that you made first, and then, I'll turn it to Don. I mean, I think the short answer on Q3 is, that was driven by mix, but we can elaborate a bit and give you some commentary on what we expect in quarter 4. I think what I would say on -- just on pricing and promotion is, as you know, we've had -- we've sort of been carefully and selectively, but consistently, adjusting price points and merchandising frequency over the course of the year. As we look at our price points across our categories now, we think we are about where we need to be. And as we have gotten to those price points and mix of merchandising that we want, we've seen our baseline sales improve consistently, really over the course of the entire year. So we feel that we're about in the right place, with the exception of some aspects of the cereal category, overall, we think that -- which we've commented on -- overall, we feel that the merchandising environment is reasonably stable now. So we don't really expect any changes in the fourth quarter.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, and Andrew, what I'd add to that is just to emphasize that it really was more mix favorability in the third quarter. We do expect that to moderate in the fourth quarter, because we do, as said before, our merchandising phasing is more backloaded this year. We're not going deeper, but just more frequency, and so we'll see that come through in probably lower price mix in the fourth quarter than what you saw in the third quarter.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. And is that -- is the gross margin that's implied in your fourth quarter, based on your full year guidance, is certainly below what we have been modeling and we've obviously been modeling a lower gross margin year-over-year anyway. So I assume that's partly driven by the price mix piece that you just mentioned.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, it is.
Kendall J. Powell: And inflation...
Kristen Smith Wenker: Yes, I mean, just for a little bit of detail there, if you looked at merch a year ago in Q4, it would've been down 6%. So part of this is just the comp.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. I guess, the first one is, let's say, a more simple question, but with the devaluation hit, the Venezuela, Don, the margins in International dropped quite a bit. Should -- are you taking pricing up relative to the deval there and so we should see margins recover in International as like, F 2013 comes to a close and F 2014 starts? Or is this lower level kind of what we should think of as the right one?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, the deval is obviously a onetime hit, for the most part, the restatement of the balance sheet. And Venezuela is a fairly small piece of our International business, so what you see in our margins in International is largely a mix, which will even out as we lap the acquisitions next year, so you'll start to see margin expansion, our normally planned margin expansion following that, so I wouldn't overread too much into the Venezuela piece.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then Ken, at CAGNY, I guess you and the board kind of made the decision, with what's been very good free cash flow over the years, to kind of take a pause on the M&A international side and return cash to shareholders. Can you kind of talk a little bit more about, kind of, why you're doing that? Is it that the organization is, let's say, maxed out on terms of its ability to take another deal on, or are the prices too high? Or that the stock is, in your view, too cheap, and that's why you want to return the cash via share repo? And then, obviously, you put the dividend up, too.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes. So Eric, I think what I said at CAGNY was that we have had an unusually high level of M&A activity over the last 18 months. And frankly, while we would like to expand our footprint internationally, and we've talked about that repeatedly, these opportunities came before us at a pace that we didn't really expect and were very high-quality as well. And so we were -- we took advantage of those opportunities and we were very, very active. As we look forward over the next period of time, we don't see anything of that size or scale, really, on our radar screen right now, and so that's one factor. And -- but I would say, generally, we don't expect our pace of M&A activity to be anywhere near what it -- as we, on a running rate basis, anywhere near what we saw during the past 18 months, which was just a very high level of activity. So I'd say that, that's the -- sort of, that's the guiding principle. And for next year, we expect M&A to be relatively low and we will be very much on model. That doesn't preclude going out over the longer term, that we might find an opportunity in other key emerging markets. There are a few that we've talked about, India for example. But we think those would be very manageable, and again, we don't have anything on our radar screen now.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to ask about the cereal category, generally. Your volumes overall have definitely appeared to have remained fairly soft, leaving aside all the cyclicality in market share. Can you just talk a bit more about competition within the day part? I know this is a commonly discussed issue, but any new observations you can add on why volumes haven't recovered more, even with a fair amount of promotional intensity from multiple players in the category?
Kendall J. Powell: Yes. I think it is -- obviously, breakfast is a very competitive occasion. Breakfast cereal is, by a wide margin, the most dominant component consumed at breakfast. We are in well over 1/3 of all breakfasts and the #2 falls far below that, so we're the lion's share. But there is competition, clearly, for the breakfast occasion. Snack bars, which are adjacent to the category and where we've been very, very successful, is one of those competitors. And so we see a little bit coming from there. Hot breakfast, just eggs and bacon, and that sort of thing, we're seeing a little bit of resurgence there. So that, I think, is a competitive element. But mostly, Matthew, I think it's such a versatile category and it's so responsive to innovation. I think, clearly, the opportunity is for us to strengthen our innovation, strengthen the marketing. I think there are going to be other nutrition-oriented opportunities that we can innovate around. And I think as we do that, typically, what we see is a return to category growth, low single-digit growth, but we've seen that low single-digit growth in response to innovation that we lead over very long periods of time. So there's competition out there, there always will be, whether it's bacon and eggs or snack bars. But the category is so big, and there's so many opportunities for innovation that we feel very confident that we can bring innovation that will get us back on that low single-digit growth path.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, I'd just add that, again, if you look over the longer term, this is a category that has grown low single digits, not each and every year, but certainly over time. Wide participation in the category in terms of penetration and high-frequency, and as Ken mentioned, by far, the highest frequency in terms of in-home breakfasts. So we believe it still has a lot of growth in front of us and to Ken's point, it really is about innovation and ensuring that we and other market leaders are supporting the brands the right way, and I think we're starting to see that in the category again.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess, 2 questions for Dave, relative to Bakeries and Foodservice. One, I guess, is just in terms of the efforts you've made, the investments you've made in terms of having a direct sales force, how much of an advantage is that? Or maybe, how does that stack up relative to your competitors? Or is that sort of -- was that a function of catching up to what some of your other competitors are doing? Or do you feel as though you've actually got a more muscular sort of effort in terms of selling into accounts?
David E. Dudick: Well, I would say, first of all, we obviously started at -- a couple of years ago, we had a brokered sales force. So we've had experience with that. We still have brokers working in certain pieces of our business. The dominant piece of our sales force is our own sales force, and we do feel as though it's a competitive advantage for us. We have a chance to look at the ROI in both and because -- if you think about our channels, there's some specialized sales that go on within our channels, whether it's healthcare, where you're talking to dietitians, if it's K-12 with all the nutrition guidelines. And we really feel like they're able to carry our message and give a better oral argument and take our capabilities to our customers and our operators in a better fashion. So we actually do feel as though this is a competitive advantage for us.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then, in the slide, I guess it's Slide 19, where you show the gross profit, 73% comes from the 6 key platforms. In the 27% that's Other, is the milling business in that Other piece?
David E. Dudick: Yes, it is.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So -- ConAgra has recently, kind of, taken the move to peel out its milling business and move it into a joint venture and I guess as we've kind of gone through the math in looking at that, it was definitely a much lower-margin business, relative to the rest of its Foodservice business. And I guess the implication here is that, that seems like it's the same here. So had you -- was that something that you had considered? Were you surprised by that move? Were there any -- would there be anything that would inhibit General Mills from being able to do something similar?
David E. Dudick: Well, you're right in that we, the Bakeries and Foodservice division, obviously, are heavy users of our mills. We've got a very lean and efficient operation right now. And in terms of the Ardent Mills, I think you're speaking of the Ardent Mills joint venture, and we're not -- I really don't want to speculate on the particulars of that today, but obviously, we're always looking for moves that would improve our shareholder value. So we are open to several things and we're discussing those on an ongoing basis. I think Don may have a couple of comments, too.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, what I would just add to that is our mills are very highly utilized, so we get great asset leverage on them. To Dave's point, they're low-cost, they're also, in some aspects, integrated with our branded business, Bisquick, for example. And we do, like many parts of our portfolio, we look at them from time to time to see if there's a different way to structure them to extract more shareholder value and quite honestly, we've never seen the play. And so we like the participation we have with the mills and they're not a big part of our business, of course, but they are an integral part to some of Dave's businesses and some of our U.S. Retail businesses.
Kendall J. Powell: So Matthew, just one more comment going back on the -- on your question, your good question on sales. I would just add that across General Mills, we do use both. We use -- we have our own sales forces and sales leadership in both the Retail side of our business and in Foodservice. But we also use brokers, especially for the in-store piece, where that execution can be very efficiently done by brokers. But I guess I would tell you, our very strong view is that the sales capability is, it's a core strategic capability for us. We really want to make sure we're on the same side of the table as our customer and that we're helping them grow their business. And that means that we've developed a number of capabilities around category management, around supply chain, around in-store marketing, that we believe we can do most effectively and in advantaged ways on our own. And we think that's been a real top line driver for us historically, and that's why we run it the way we do.
Donal Leo Mulligan: And just to run that point to the ground, because we do have both in-house and broker sales force on both brands in our Bakeries and Foodservice and our U.S. Retail, we have a good line of sight on what the cost structure is of each, and we know that our direct is very competitive and to Ken's point, more effective in what we're trying to do to drive growth.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In recent weeks, we've heard both Kroger and Safeway talk about, I guess, featuring more better-for-you items and really, in Safeway's case, really making some dramatic changes to their layout. Safeway even talked about wanting to become a wellness store that just happens to sell food. So I'm curious if you're comfortable with your level of participation in this growing part of the store? Or if you feel you maybe need to accelerate your growth in healthier eating by really ramping up the pace of acquisitions for Small Planet? And I know you've said you wanted to do deals in that division, and you've done them in the past, I guess I'm just asking about the pace of those deals, what you're seeing in the market and whether you want to pick M&A up, given what some of your customers may be looking for?
Kendall J. Powell: So Ken, I think I would start by saying, we believe strongly that our broad portfolio is naturally advantaged when it comes to health benefits, and we've continued to improve our portfolio, really, over long stretches of time. Cereal, I think, is -- we know that consumers have a high regard for the nutrition profile of cereal. And as General Mills has added whole grain to our cereals over the years, so that we are now one of the leading sources of whole grain in the country, and done things like reduce sugar, that's only increased the perception of that. Our snack bar franchise, I think, is strongly health-oriented, that's really one of the key appeals of that product line. And then, as you go down the list, our soup business, our Progresso soup business, our Green Giant business, the entire yogurt category. So -- and we have metrics in place and incentives and management focus across the company to make sure that we continue to improve these products continuously. So just as an example, recently, we took the high fructose corn syrup out of Yoplait Original in response to what we were hearing from consumers and actually advertised that to a very great benefit. So as you think about consumer attitudes and changing consumer attitudes, think about the portfolio of General Mills, we think it is highly advantaged. And that's before you get to the organic and the natural products in our Small Planet division, which as you pointed out, we've been adding to with acquisitions. And I think that is an area that's of interest to us, and we will continue to look for opportunities there, because that is a growing area and it's, for a variety of reasons, the natural piece, the values embodied in organic that appeal to many consumers. So that will be an area of interest for us as well. But I think the core point is we have a very strong portfolio when it comes to health and nutrition.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Don, just in terms of Europe and maybe even in terms of contributions from joint ventures, what are your thoughts there for growth into fiscal '14? I think it seemed maybe, up to this point, you're bracing for a bit of a slowdown on account of the economy, are you seeing anything different there in terms of being better able to weather the economy, is performance better than you thought, is there still some downside there? Just kind of curious about the European environment.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well John, thanks for the question. We don't have specific guidance yet for F '14. We'll provide that in June. But our business in Europe continues to grow, which is different than many of our competitors. Ken outlined some of the key reasons, not only do we have great brands and great capabilities on the continent, but we also are less penetrated in most of our categories outside of Yoplait, obviously. And we're seeing that as a great growth opportunity. So we -- we are not immune to the economic realities of Europe. We're seeing it, certainly, in southwestern Europe in our cereal joint venture. But overall, we're seeing growth in Europe, and it's been -- year-to-date, it's still low-single digits to mid-single digits, and we like the shape of our business in Europe.
Kendall J. Powell: The only thing I'd add to that, John, is that Don's comments on cereal, where we are much more exposed to southern Europe, that European cereal category was running at less than 1% through the first half of their year. But the recent performances has been better, it's been closer to 2%. So anyway, one swallow doesn't make a spring, but we're seeing a little bit better performance in one of our most important categories in Europe. But overall, I think obviously, we are all very aware of the economic difficulties there.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And Ken, just as a follow-up, in terms of the Yoplait business internationally, I mean, do you see opportunities there to take on more licensee businesses? Or is that kind of done for the time being?
Kendall J. Powell: I'm sorry, John, what were you -- to take on...
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: More licensee businesses, as you fold [ph] more...
Kendall J. Powell: So that, we've talked about that in the past, and that, I think, could be -- there could be further opportunities for us going forward, and we'll continue to explore, but absolutely nothing to announce on that today. But clearly, that's out there as an ongoing opportunity.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had a couple of questions for you. I wanted to go back to an earlier question about -- and just to better understand what's going on in the fourth quarter with promotional spending. Is there -- you talked about an increase in frequency, not so much in depth, and I was just curious if that -- is the Q4 promotional spending meant to be a change from Q3, is there a pickup? I realize it's a comparable factor year-over-year. Is there an increase in Q4 at all as you get some of the new products on the shelf?
Kendall J. Powell: Chris, it's primarily the fact that we were lighter a year ago, so there is a comp there. I think there may be a bit more just around new products, but those would be very -- that would be a very specific kind of activity. But in general, as I said earlier in this call, having carefully moved our merchandising programs over the course of this year, we feel pretty good about where we're at right now.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, my other question for you was on International. And you've had a -- you had a couple of unique factors last quarter with Canada and this quarter with the Venezuelan bolivar, so you've had good underlying profit growth. Year-to-date, by my calculation, you've been about in line with your revenue growth, actually a little faster than revenue growth in terms of your profit increase. But in the last couple of quarters, it's been a little below the revenue growth. My question just is that -- just to understand the investments or sort of what's going on behind the scenes, that's -- where you're investing that's keeping profits from keeping pace of sales the last quarter or 2?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Your math is correct. Year-to-date, if you take out the bolivar and the Yoplait Canada transition costs, I'll call them, the earnings -- underlying earnings are growing faster than sales. And obviously, sales are growing pretty robustly at 23%. In International business, there's a lot of different markets, there's a lot of different dynamics. Quarter-to-quarter, you're going to see some of those movements. We tend to look over the full year multi-quarters and the trend that we're seeing in International is we're bullish on the growth. And as I mentioned earlier, on the margin expansion opportunities, too, which are masked a little bit this year, gross margin opportunities, as we bring in new businesses, which not surprisingly, have lower gross margins but faster absolute dollar growth opportunities for us. So you'll -- I think you'll see a cleaner picture and a clearer picture of that as we get into F '14.
Operator: Our next question, coming from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Actually, a question for Don, I think one of the reasons that investors are kind of concerned about a more aggressive promotional environment going forward is the perception that commodities are kind of deflationary. But I think what you're kind of pointing to is that your inflation is kind of rolling through, probably, at a higher level as we head into fiscal '14, specifically because it was higher in the fourth quarter. So higher inflation tends to be the thing that keeps the environment rational. So is there anything you can kind of, directionally, you can point us to for inflation in '14?
Donal Leo Mulligan: I'm not going to give guidance, but I do want to just make sure it's clear on one thing, because you do hit an important point. When you look at our fourth quarter, we gave guidance for the full year of gross margin being down 60 to 80 basis points. Obviously, you do the math, you can see it's going to be down by more than that in the fourth quarter. We've talked about the timing of merchandising and the lower merchandise levels a year ago that we're rolling over. But inflation is the other factor. We took some coverage to complete our full year coverage for commodities, especially grain commodities, in the fall. That was obviously impacted by the drought. That coverage only extends to the end of F '13. So that coverage, that higher cost coverage, if you will, does not extend into F '14. But to your point, again, without giving guidance for F '14, we expect more moderate inflation. We -- as we do our planning, we always plan for something in the low-single digit to mid-single digit inflation. We don't see it going to deflation, certainly as of today. We are aware of the concern that you articulated from investors in terms of where pricing can go even if we see deflation as an industry, and we don't foresee that as we sit here today.
Kristen Smith Wenker: [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Our last question, coming from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So U.S. Retail sales, organic sales, were better than we expected. This has been a pretty consistent pattern of you guys exceeding what's measured in Nielsen by a fairly meaningful magnitude. Can you help us as understand where the drivers of the excess growth are coming from?
Kendall J. Powell: Well, I would say on U.S. Retail, I guess my starting point would be, as we have worked price and merch over the last year, as we've done that, Jason, we've seen baselines in U.S. Retail across all channels improve very nicely and sequentially. I think we were down -- the baselines were down 5% or 6% in Q1, down 3% in Q2 and flat in the most recent quarter. So as we get our pricing in the zone, which has been our goal, the response that we are seeing is actually an improvement overall in the business and improvement in unpromoted sales. And so -- so that, I think, the response there has been very encouraging and has been a key driver in our performance.
Donal Leo Mulligan: I guess, Jason, the only thing I would add is, as you saw in this quarter, it's really that sales growth was a price mix, particularly, mix plus for us. So we don't see a -- part of the underlying question may be, are we seeing any pipeline build? We're not seeing that, it is really just a matter of the mix of the business coming through with a stronger top line.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, I was also just curious about sort of the unmeasured channels, there's still a big swath out there that's not going into Nielsen. With Small Planet foods, you guys have good momentum, I'm wondering if some of that's coming in maybe the specialty or natural channel or out of Club, are you seeing outsized growth in any of those channels?
Kendall J. Powell: Good growth in Club and as you said, good growth in natural. So yes, those are, obviously, important channels for us and we are doing well there. Very good growth, as Dave commented, in convenience stores, which is an increasingly important channel for us. So we're -- and that -- so we're very, we have very good sales focus on all of that channels -- on all of those channels, which goes back to the early discussion we had on the sales force, and we're seeing solid growth in those places.
Kristen Smith Wenker: Thanks, everybody. For those that are still in queue, sorry we didn't get all the way through. Give me a shout, I'll try and get your questions answered.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2012-12-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kristen Smith Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations Donal Leo Mulligan - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Ian R. Friendly - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating officer of Us Retail Kendall J. Powell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Rachel Nabatian Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, December 19, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kris Wenker, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristen Smith Wenker: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. So it's a week before Christmas, and our numbers are good. More on that in a moment. But first, if I could, I want to make sure you've gone to our website. We put slides there that shed some additional light on the progress we've made through the 6 months to date. Our release is there, too. If you found them, that's great. We do plan to make comments on the future today. Slide 2 lists risk factors that could get in our way. Let me now turn you over to Don, Ian and Ken. I wish the happiest of holidays to you, your family and friends.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Thanks, Kris. Good morning, everybody. I'll second those holiday greetings, but I will keep my remarks to prose today. Thank you for joining us. As you see on Slide 4, our second quarter results are summarized there. Net sales grew 6% to nearly $4.9 billion. New businesses, particularly Yoki in Brazil and Yoplait Canada, contributed 4 points of net sales growth in the quarter. Segment operating profit grew faster than sales, up 10%, reflecting a higher gross margin and a 3% decrease in advertising and media expense in the period. All 3 of our business segments posted operating profit gains. Net earnings totaled $542 million, and diluted earnings per share were $0.82 as reported. Excluding certain items affecting comparability, our adjusted diluted EPS would be $0.86, up 13% from last year's second quarter. Slide 5 shows the components of our net sales growth. Pound volume contributed 7 percentage points of growth in the quarter. That's primarily the addition of Yoki and Yoplait Canada. Sales mix and net price realizations subtracted 1 point of sales growth. Foreign exchange had no impact on sales growth for the company in total. Slide 6 shows net sales growth by segment. For U.S. retail, pound volume and net sales grew 2% in the quarter. This performance was led by our Snacks, Small Planet Foods and Meals divisions. Net sales of our Bakeries and Foodservice business declined 1% with pound volume down 2% due to lower bakery flour sales. These sales declines on index-priced items offset gains on cereal, snacks and frozen breakfast items. International segment net sales rose 19% as reported and 22% on a constant currency basis with good growth across all 4 geographic regions. While these results do include contributions from Yoki and Yoplait Canada, our established businesses also performed well. Excluding new businesses and foreign exchange, international sales increased 4% in the quarter. Our gross margin improved 120 basis points in the second quarter as reported. This includes the impact of mark-to-market valuation for certain grain inventories and commodity hedges we'll use in future periods. Slide 7 also shows that excluding these effects, underlying gross margin improved 20 basis points, primarily due to lower levels of input cost inflation, HMM and good plant operating performance. We expect our input cost inflation rate to tick up in the second half, reflecting the impact of this summer's drought. So we expect to be at the high end of our 2% to 3% inflation estimate for the full year, and we're now roughly 90% covered on our commodity needs for fiscal 2013. Slide 8 shows second quarter profit growth by operating segment. U.S. retail posted a 9% increase, driven primarily by lower input cost inflation and consumer marketing expenses below year-ago levels. International profit increased 4% in the quarter. This includes an expense of $17 million associated with the transition of the Yoplait yogurt license in Canada. Remember that this investment was built into our fiscal 2013 guidance. Excluding this expense, international operating profit would have increased 17% in the quarter. And Bakeries and Foodservice profit grew 24%, reflecting lower wheat costs year-over-year, favorable mix and increased grain merchandising earnings. Earnings from joint ventures increased 14% in the second quarter to $33 million after tax. On a constant-currency basis, CPW sales increased 3%, with strong performance in the emerging markets partially offset by category softness in southwestern Europe. Constant currency sales for Häagen-Dazs Japan grew 5%, led by new products. Completing our review of the income statement, corporate unallocated expenses excluding mark-to-market effects were $79 million. That's above last year's second quarter, primarily due to increased pension expense. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.6% as reported. Excluding items affecting comparability, the effective tax rate was 32.8% compared to 33.7% a year ago. This primarily reflects the timing of expense -- of tax expense for the year. We're still estimating our full year underlying tax rate at about 33%. Turning to the balance sheet. Slide 11 shows that core working capital increased 8% in the quarter. The majority of the increase is the addition of Yoki. Excluding the impact of Yoki, core working capital grew modestly in the quarter at a rate less than sales growth. Through first half, cash flow from operations exceeded $1.3 billion, a 14% increase over last year. Capital expenditures totaled $264 million through the first half, generally matching year-ago levels. We expect full year capital spending to be comparable to last year as well. We're returning more cash to shareholders this year. Through the first half, we’ve paid $434 million in dividends. That's up 9% over last year, reflecting our dividend increase. We also repurchased approximately 12 million shares of common stock for a total of $479 million. That's more than twice the value of share repurchases in last year's first half. In the second quarter, average diluted shares outstanding decreased by approximately 1 million shares. And for the full year, we continue to target a net reduction in average diluted shares outstanding. Slide 13 summarizes our financial performance through the first half of the fiscal year. Net sales grew 5%. Segment operating profit grew faster than sales, up 8%. Net earnings attributable to General Mills totaled more than $1 billion, and diluted earnings per share were $1.64. Excluding items affecting comparability, our adjusted earnings per share totaled $1.52, up 8% from a year ago. These first half results are ahead of consensus expectations and a bit ahead of our plans, too. This good start puts us firmly on track to achieve our key financial targets for fiscal 2013. For the full year, we expect to deliver mid-single digit growth in net sales, including growth for our established businesses and contributions from new businesses. We expect operating profit to grow at a mid-single digit rate, too. We now expect input cost inflation of 3% for the year, including some impact from this summer's drought in the second half. We're also anticipating possible currency devaluation in Venezuela. Including these factors, we're raising our EPS guidance a bit to a range of $2.65 to $2.67 per share. That's on an adjusted basis, excluding certain items affecting comparability. With that, I'll turn the microphone over to Ian Friendly. Ian?
Ian R. Friendly: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. I appreciate the chance to give you an update on our U.S. Retail segment. Our top line trends improved in the second quarter. Pound volume stabilized in September and October and increased at a mid-single digit rate in November. Net sales for the quarter increased 2%. The acquisition of Food Should Taste Good, combined with solid established business performance, drove double-digit growth in our Small Planet Foods division. Sales for our Snacks division also increased at a double-digit rate, led by strong product innovation. Progresso soup and sauces paced growth in our Meals division. Sales for our Frozen Foods division matched year-ago levels, while Baking and Big G divisions sales declined modestly. And while U.S. yogurt sales declined, clearly the rate of decline is moderating. I'll provide you with more details on that in a few minutes. As shown on Slide 17, our second quarter U.S. retail performance reflected good sequential improvement. Volume, net sales and segment operating profit performance all improved versus the first quarter. We've got a number of great initiatives in the market right now, with more planned for the back half of the year. I'll highlight a few examples, starting with some of our seasonal favorites. The holidays are in full swing, and we're helping consumers bake up some favorite treats. On our refrigerated dough business, our Let The Making Begin campaign is designed to inspire consumers. Response has been terrific. Baseline sales have increased for both Pillsbury crescent rolls and biscuits since we launched this campaign in October, and we added over 0.5 points of market share in November. And Betty Crocker is back with her red hot holiday trends. Tips for making a perfect 18-layer velvet cake, hidden-surprise cookies and many other recipes are available online at bettycrocker.com. This campaign helped drive over 1 full point of desserts market share growth in November. Soup season is underway, too, and Progresso sales are growing. Our new line of recipe-starter sauces is off to a good start. However, the primary driver of our year-to-date performance is our core ready-to-serve soup business. We've added points of distribution, and we've increased investment behind our taste-focused advertising. In total, first half Progresso retail sales increased 7%, and we added 1.5 points of market share in the ready-to-serve segment, including 0.5 share points in the second quarter. Progresso has some great marketing and merchandising events planned for the second half of the year. We're partnering with both Weight Watchers and The Biggest Loser TV show to help consumers shed those extra holiday pounds. Our plans include strong advertising and in-store merchandising, as well as product placement in an upcoming Biggest Loser episode. With the holidays here, consumers are making party mix snacks with our Chex cereals. This year, we're sharing recipes for the microwave, so these snacks are ready in just minutes. We're supporting this annual campaign with a strong combination of digital media and in-store merchandising. And on top of this party mix activity, Chex gluten-free positioning continues to drive growth. In total, first half retail sales for the Chex franchise rose 14%. We've got a strong second half innovation lineup for our cereal business. I'll start with Cheerios, the largest franchise in the U.S. cereal category with a 13% share of total category sales. Honey Nut Cheerios is the single largest brand in the cereal aisle. We're expanding it in January with the launch of a Medley Crunch variety. This new cereal has the heart health benefits and great taste consumers expect from Honey Nut Cheerios. It also has that great texture with O’s, clusters and flakes. We think this is a terrific addition to the Cheerios franchise. Slide 22 highlights our Cascadian Farm organic cereals. First half retail sales for this line increased 13%. Cascadian Farm is the #1 granola brand in America, organic or otherwise. The ancient grains variety we launched in June is off to a good start. And next month, we're adding a berry cobbler variety. We're adding new variety in some of our other popular cereal brands, too. Fiber One 80 Calorie chocolate cereal offers consumers 35% of the adult daily value of fiber and great chocolate taste at just 80 calories per serving. And new Peanut Butter Toast Crunch builds on the success of our Cinnamon Toast Crunch franchise. Now I'm sure you noticed that our first half cereal net sales and market share were below year-ago levels. Other players in the category had more merchandising activity in the first half of the year. We've got more merchandising planned for the second half, including introductory support for our new items. With a great lineup of new products and strong levels of marketing support behind new and established brands, we remain very excited about our U.S. cereal business, and we expect sales growth for Big G in the second half of this year. Turning to the yogurt aisle. We are encouraged by recent trends on our Greek business. Yoplait Greek 100-calorie yogurt was launched in August. Distribution is ramping up nicely, and all 6 SKUs are turning in the top third of the total yogurt category. Our marketing campaign and dedicated advertising are now in market and on air, and we are pleased with the initial results. In fact, Yoplait's share in each of the most recent 2 months was 9% of Greek segment sales. It is still early days for U.S. Greek yogurt, and we expect to earn our fair share of this market segment over time. At the same time we're gaining share in Greek, we continue to see signs of stabilization for Yoplait Original and Yoplait Light yogurt, what we call our core cup business. Remember that we improved these products, and our merchandise price points are now better aligned with competitive levels. As shown on Slide 26, we're seeing a nice improvement in core cup unit volume turns as a result. We've also launched innovative new items. Fruplait has 2 times the fruit of original Yoplait, while Simplait is made of just 6 all-natural ingredients. We have more new products coming in the second half to keep this momentum going. We're launching new flavors of Yoplait Greek 100. New Yoplait Pro-Force brings a combination of higher protein and great taste to the kids segment, and we're bringing new level of fun to the leading brand in the kids segment with Go-GURT's Twisted. Our second half plans also include regional expansion of Liberté Mediterranean, an indulging yogurt with higher fat content, and the addition of Liberté Greek. We'll support both product lines with a combination of digital and billboard advertising along with product sampling efforts. So we expect to see increasing momentum across our U.S. yogurt business in the second half of this year. In grain snacks, we continue to lead category growth with great product innovation, and we plan to build on that record in the second half. Slide 28 highlights several examples. We'll be expanding our Fiber One franchise with the launch of Fiber One protein bars. They have at least 6 grams of protein per serving and 20% of the adult daily value for fiber at 140 calories or less per bar. We're adding new varieties to our Nature Valley and Cascadian Farm product lines. We're also launching Green Giant vegetable chips. These chips contain at least 16 grams of whole grain per serving. And with flavors like multigrain sweet potato and roasted vegetable zesty cheddar, they really taste terrific. We continue to see strong performance by our natural and organic snacks. First half retail sales for LÄRABAR, all-natural fruit and nut bars, increased at a double-digit pace. And we gained market share in the health and nutrition bars category. In January, we're adding a cappuccino flavor to the LÄRABAR lineup. Our new Food Should Taste Good business is also doing great. We’ve focused on expanding distributions for these great-tasting snacks. Fiscal year-to-date shipments are up double digits. By leveraging General Mills sales and supply chain, we expect continuing distribution gains for this business over the balance of the year. Across our U.S. retail business, we have strong levels of marketing and in-store merchandising supporting our brands. As we have discussed with you before, our spending this year is weighted toward in-store merchandising. This promotional support is designed to drive awareness and trial for all of our new products, and we've sharpened our merchandise price points for certain product lines based on competitive merchandising levels in those categories. These actions are working for us. Our U.S. advertising expense is below strong year-ago levels through the first half, and we now expect our media expense to be down for the year in total. This is due in part to this year's tactical shift on merchandising. It also reflects ongoing cost discipline, which helps us lower media expense while maintaining very competitive media pressure against the consumer. In fact, as we look at Cantor-measured media spending across our U.S. categories over the latest 12 months available, our tracked advertising dollars are up and at a rate well above the 1% growth in ad spending across our categories overall. So our share of voice with the consumer has been growing. Across all of U.S. retail, we're launching over 100 new products in 2013, but it's not just quantity that matters. We're excited about the quality of our new product lineup. So we like our prospects for growth in U.S. retail over the balance of 2013. With that, let me wrap up my overview of General Mills' U.S. retail business. We're encouraged by the recent trends we see in the operating environment. Across the U.S. food and beverage industry, volumes have improved as pricing has moderated. We have terrific product innovation in market, and we're supporting our brands with strong levels of in-store merchandising, advertising and other consumer-directed marketing. We're on track to meet our low-single digit sales growth target in 2013 and are continuing HMM initiatives and cost management discipline of protecting our margins. So we expect our operating profit to grow faster than sales for the year. Thank you for your time this morning. I will now pass the microphone over to Ken.
Kendall J. Powell: Thanks, Ian, and good morning, everyone. You just heard Ian describe some of the product innovation and marketing efforts we have underway in U.S. retail. And I want to give you now an update on the other 2 segments, starting with Bakeries and Foodservice. As you can see on Slide 34, net sales for this segment are down 2% through the first half. That's primarily due to negative price realization. We had lower bakery flour prices in the first half. However, first half operating profit is up 18%, driven by lower wheat costs in our cost of goods, favorable mix and grain merchandising earnings. This 18% profit growth builds on a strong track record of earnings growth for this segment. Over the past 5 years, segment operating profit has grown at a 14% compound rate. Grain merchandising activities have played a part, but primarily, this growth reflects our strategy of focusing on the most profitable products in the fastest-growing foodservice channels, and we continue to follow this winning strategy in fiscal 2013. For example, our sales to U.S. convenience stores are captured in this business segment. We have a great lineup of new snack products hitting C-store shelves, including Nature Valley protein bars, Gardetto's snack crackers and Betty Crocker dessert bites. We're launching Yoplait Greek 100 yogurt in a variety of foodservice outlets, and we recently introduced a Greek version of Yoplait ParfaitPro. As you can see on Slide 36, this product gives foodservice operators an easy way to prepare layered yogurt parfaits. Sales for Yoplait ParfaitPro have been growing nicely, and the addition of a Greek variety will keep the momentum going. Sales for our frozen breakfast products are increasing at a double-digit pace, led by our line of Pillsbury breakfast items in school cafeterias. And we recently introduced a mini cinnamon roll in Burger King restaurants nationwide. Turning to our international segment. First half net sales are up 22% as reported, including new businesses. Segment operating profit is up 24%, including a 3% increase in media spending. On a constant-currency basis, first half international sales are up 28%. We're posting good growth across all of our geographic regions. Sales in Canada are up 21%, reflecting the addition of the Liberté and Yoplait yogurt businesses. In Europe, sales grew 23% with good performance on the Yoplait, Häagen-Dazs and Nature Valley brands. In the Asia Pacific region, our business in China is showing 13% constant-currency sales growth. And in Latin America, sales have doubled year-to-date, reflecting the addition of Yoki. So let me say a bit more about each of these regions. In Canada, we're excited about the growth opportunities for yogurt. Category sales are up 9% so far this fiscal year. Our Liberté and Yoplait brands combined represent 1/3 of this $1.4 billion market. We assumed the license for Yoplait in Canada in September. In the short term, we did experience some disruption in the business as the previous licensee transitioned to co-pack Yoplait while also launching their own yogurt product. Now that much of that disruption is behind us, we're launching our first innovation in the market with a 50-calorie Greek yogurt offering, the first of its kind in the Canadian market. Liberté yogurt continues to perform well. The brand now holds a 10% dollar share of the yogurt category, gaining nearly 2 points of share year-to-date, with retail sales up 35%. We'll invest behind both the Yoplait and Liberté brands with increased advertising and new product introductions in the second half. Our yogurt business in Europe is also performing well. In France, we have launched new varieties of Calin. This is a yogurt high in calcium, and we've introduced a Greek-style line extension. We've expanded these products to the U.K. market, too, and we're supporting both new and established yogurt products with higher levels of advertising. In total, our year-to-date retail sales in both markets have increased at a mid-single digit rate. Also in Europe, we're seeing good growth on Häagen-Dazs. Year-to-date retail sales are up 15% on this business. Nature Valley snack bars are growing nicely, too. Retail sales are up 33% so far this year, and this includes the recent launch of Sweet & Nutty bars in the U.K. We see great opportunities to increase household penetration for our brands in Europe, and we continue to like our growth prospects in this region. In China, we're on track to deliver another year of double-digit sales growth. Our Häagen-Dazs team just completed a terrific mooncake event. In total, net sales for Häagen-Dazs are up 20% through the first half of the year. Sales for Wanchai Ferry frozen foods are up 6% year-to-date. We’re increasing distribution on existing products and expanding into high-growth segments like wonton, mantou and frozen noodles. While the overall Chinese economy may be slowing a bit, the demand for branded consumer food products continues to expand. For our business, we're seeing good growth in both existing and new cities. In Latin America, the highlight is certainly our Yoki acquisition. Our new brands have strong positions in Brazil with the Kitano and Yoki brands in more than 70% of Brazilian households. We're posting double-digit sales growth in some of our largest categories, including popcorn, seasonings and side dishes. Let me also say a quick word about our Cereal Partners Worldwide joint venture. Through the first half, constant currency net sales were up 2%. We're leveraging our large core brands like Chocapic and Cheerios, and we recently launched Chocolate Cheerios in the U.K. The cereal category is posting growth in markets around the world. While there is some category softness in southwestern Europe, sales in other established markets like the U.K. and Mexico are up. And the category is growing even faster in emerging markets in Latin America and Asia. CPW holds a 23% value share of the cereal category outside of North America, and we continue to like the growth prospects we see for this venture. So with that, let me summarize today's update on fiscal 2013. We had a good second quarter and first half, fueled by strong operating profit gains across all 3 segments of our business. As we look ahead to the second half of the year, we've incorporated a bit more input cost inflation and an expectation of currency devaluation in Venezuela, and that's built into our outlook. Our second half plans also include a very good slate of new product introductions and robust marketing and in-store merchandising plans designed to support both new and established products. And our full year EPS guidance is up a bit to a range of $2.65 to $2.67 for fiscal 2013. Let me briefly shift from talking about the fiscal year to the calendar year. As we get ready to ring in calendar 2013, the operating environment and, more broadly, the global economic environment, present a great deal of uncertainty. But to be frank, 2012, the calendar year just ending, was no walk in the park either, and yet our brands and our business continued to grow. As shown on Slide 46, over the last 4 quarters, our sales grew with contributions from established product lines and new businesses. Our sales outside the U.S. grew even faster, consistent with our strategy of expanding our business in developed and emerging international markets. Our operating profit increased 7% to exceed $3 billion, and our earnings per share grew, despite headwinds ranging from sharply higher input costs to low interest rates and the resulting impact on calculated pension expense. Our operations generated more than $2.5 billion of cash over the past 4 quarters and a 23% increase from the prior year. Cash return to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases grew 21% to exceed $1.4 billion. And we generated an 11% total return to shareholders over this same time period. So as I've said before, in challenging times, it's good to be in the food business, and we're committed to generating another good year of growth for our business and to create value for our shareholders again in calendar 2013. So that concludes our prepared remarks this morning. So operator, I will ask you to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I'm sorry upfront I can't pose my question in a more creative poetic form, but I'll give this a shot. Just wanted to touch briefly on sort of the price mix outlook for U.S. retail as we go into the second half. Pricing was flat...
Kendall J. Powell: Could you repeat that, Andrew?
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Sure. I wanted to touch on price mix for U.S. retail in the second half. Pricing was flat in the second quarter, down sequentially from up 1 in the first quarter, I believe. And obviously, you're lapping some pricing, and you've got your increased focus on some key price points in certain categories that you've discussed. Would you anticipate price remaining flattish in this segment in the fiscal second half as you still have inflation to deal with? Or is there a concern or plan that price mix could turn even modestly deflationary, given the positive volume response you're seeing in response to your strategy?
Ian R. Friendly: Andrew, it's Ian. I think, over the entire portfolio, we'd expect it more to be relatively stable over the second half. There may be some select categories where it will be modestly down, primarily in categories where our merchandising efforts are more back-half loaded. But I think the general trend for us would be relatively flat.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And your -- I mean it's hard to say, but your anticipation of kind of what you're seeing more broadly in the space around -- as the industry starts to lap some of the pricing, we're seeing volumes come back a bit, which is probably nice to see on a bunch of different fronts. But so far, would your anticipation be that the industry is still likely going to have some inflation, that there's a general sort of rational behavior, as best you can tell? I know it changes a lot by category.
Ian R. Friendly: Yes. What we're seeing still is, I think, over the entire category through December and what I expect in the second half as well is very modest but inflationary trends, both on the consumer prices as we see it so far. And also as you look at input prices, I think some of the impact of the drought will obviously weigh on all competitors' minds as we look at what can be done in the market. So I think stability to very, very modest inflation is probably a decent outlook.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Couple of questions. I guess, first one, lob this one in to Don. A number of your competitors have changed their pension accounting to mark-to-market, and that's been pretty materially beneficial to their reported earnings. I recognize it's not necessarily a cash item near term. But do you have any estimate on what if General Mills were to go to a mark-to-market approach, what that would do to your -- roughly, what that would do to your reported EPS?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Eric, I appreciate the questions. I don't have any figure for you on that regard. We are very satisfied with our pension accounting. We try to be very clear externally in terms of what is moving that expense number. And obviously, we make clear, as you alluded to, that it's a noncash number. And so we'll continue to provide that clarity, but we have no plans at this time to change our reporting practices.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then with the -- I guess, then to switch over to just Yoki for a second. With the devalue -- or with the Brazilian real depreciation and I guess maybe the expectation of Venezuela now devaluing that you've put in, are you -- I guess, how much of a drag -- between the Yoki dilution and then the deval, how much of a drag is that on earnings this fiscal year?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, let's separate the 2 because with Yoki, it would strictly be translation. And our total expectations for foreign exchange is, year-to-date, it’s been relatively neutral on EPS, and we don't see that necessarily changing as the year unfolds for our total portfolio. Venezuela is a different issue. Because of the accounting treatment for a hyperinflationary country like Venezuela, there's a balance sheet implication as well. And so as we've seen consensus analyst estimates of what that devaluation will be --it's estimated in the range of 45 to 50 from the studies that -- 45% to 50% from the studies we've seen and that it’s again expected to happen sometime in early calendar 2013, we've estimated the impact to us and factored that into our outlook, and it will be a couple of cents drag on our EPS this fiscal year.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And so no -- I don't know, maybe I missed this, but no change to what Yoki's dilution was initially expected?
Donal Leo Mulligan: No.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last question, I'll pass it on. I guess, to Ian. You noted that the yogurt, I guess, retail sales were down 5, and yet you had a fair amount of positive commentary and slides that showed improvement. Is the difference between what I assume is better volume -- you took a price cut on core Yoplait. Is that why the dollar sales are down?
Ian R. Friendly: Indirectly, Eric. The thing that we restored was merchandising at our traditional price points on Yoplait. So it wasn't a price list reduction. But effectively, on our core cup business, it is getting our prices back in line with the competitive set. And so as you noted, that has an impact on the dollar side and a very positive impact on the unit side.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So a couple of points. Basically subtracting from promotion from the sales, but volume was -- was volume flat or up in yogurt? Could you say?
Ian R. Friendly: I could tell you it got progressively better in yogurt. And as I showed on the chart, our turns, which is net of distribution, our turns became nicely positive on our core cup business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Wanted to ask a little bit more about U.S. volume trends. You guys have a lot of categories and a lot of insight into the U.S. grocery market. When you think about the year-ago period where we had such a warm winter on your -- and maybe the effect on the soup operation, are you seeing evidence that would suggest that we will continue to see a real positive trend line in terms of the progression of volumes maybe for the next couple of quarters, part of it being related to the year-ago winter, maybe another part of it simply related to how weak volumes were across U.S. grocery over the past maybe 5 or 6 quarters? So any thoughts there would be helpful.
Kendall J. Powell: David, it's Ken. So Ian says I get to start this one. But -- so it wasn't -- I mean, the weather last year was certainly or likely a factor for soup sales because we know that, that's a little bit weather-related. But by far, the dominant factor over last year was the pricing that we began to take early in the calendar year, which had all the effects that you're very well aware of. We had high inflation, we took very significant price increases, and that resulted in a volume impact across many of our categories. And so that was, I think, the big event of our last fiscal year. And as we adjust those prices tactically, as we said in the presentation, really to restore the gap where it needed to be restored, we're seeing those businesses respond as we thought that they would. We're seeing baselines strengthen, and we're getting the merchandising lift as well. So it's really more about the pricing and inflation dynamic of the last 2 years that is driving the fundamental trends in our categories.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Then just one follow-up on cereal. Can you comment on your strategies in terms of -- historically, I think General Mills has been very, very good at introducing cereals that really had high value to them. They really -- you’re really not focused on competing at the low end of the market. And just given where some of your competitors have gone, is there any need for you to rethink that strategy, given the consumer environment, what your competitors are doing? Or do you still want to really put the new products out there that are margin-positive to the cereal franchise? Is that still the core of how we should think of General Mills?
Ian R. Friendly: I think our strategy hasn't been so much a high-priced one. It's been in the value-added area. But cereal overall represents such a good value to the consumer. I think it really gets down to, "Are the benefits relevant?" But again, if you look at the price point of our various Cheerios extensions, I think you'd see that they're very competitive within the category. So we don't look at that lens. I don't view that we need to be in ultra-discounted cereal products. But at all times, we're very cognizant of making sure our new cereals represent a good value and in line with the rest of the category. We're not really trying to stretch it up either.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I suppose, Ian, the only thing I know is that the average price of the General Mills cereal portfolio is the highest of the major cereal producers. So I always think of you as much more of a value-added cereal maker, and I’m just trying to assess if there was any change in the strategy given the trends…
Ian R. Friendly: Not really. I mean, that's always been true, and some of that has to do with -- historically, with portfolio makeup because we were in a bit light -- because a lot of our portfolio is Cheerios, which is based in puffed products, which those analyses tend to be done on a weight basis. And so in general, it's always shown us to be a bit more higher priced per ounce. But I would say that's a historical legacy, not anything we're trying to push one way or the other.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So for Don, I guess, just a few questions or clarifications on the full year outlook. You mentioned mid-single digit sales growth for the full year, and when you've talked about that in the past, you've characterized it as being excluding Yoki and Yoplait Canada. Is that still intended to be a base business sales growth number or overall? And I guess, the second question would just be when we think about the favorability to numbers in the second quarter, can you give us any more granularity on perhaps what's the prize to the upside versus your original expectations? And given that you're not raising or expanding the range that much for the full year, what are some of the headwinds beyond Venezuela and inflation that we should take into account? Is it lower gross margin than perhaps we may be thinking of or just the phasing of marketing spend?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Sure. I'll touch on both of those, sales first. The sales guidance is all in. If you look at our trends year-to-date and then look at the balance of the year, we see our full year expectation at mid-single digits for total company sales. As far as our performance in the first half, as we mentioned, we did slightly outperform our plan. A few factors drove that. Clearly, the international momentum that we've seen has been -- continues to be very robust. Our Bakeries and Foodservice business, particularly the mix of products and channels that we're selling, was favorable to our expectations. Across the company, we knew it was going to be a challenging year, and I think everybody has just kind of made sure, from an expense standpoint, we've managed that appropriately. That’s had some benefit. And then interest rates and tax rates have played in our favor. Interest rates because of the market, tax rates because of some timing of discrete items that we have every year that we had baked into our full year forecast with some other favorable items hit earlier in the year that we had anticipated. So those are a number of factors that ended up accumulating to a favorable result in the first half. In the second half, we've noted a couple of things. One, inflation will be higher than our original expectations. That's backloaded because we had some hedge positions that covered us in the front half, but the drought costs from last summer we'll start seeing come through in the second half. So you'll see gross margin -- we'll see some gross margin pressure. Tax rates, again, we're -- we had -- from a phasing standpoint, we had some favorability in the first half that will normalize in the second half, and still, we’ll get to our 33% tax rate for the full year. And then, as I mentioned, the devaluation of the bolivar, which is -- will be a couple of cent drag in the back half as well. So kind of take that all into consideration, that gives us confidence to increase our guidance by the -- increase the range up to plus $0.02 from our original guidance.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And just 2 really quick follow-ups. If the sales number is all in, does that imply that international is lower than your original expectations or that the acquisitions are less incremental? And then on the interest expense, is this quarter's number sort of a run rate going forward?
Donal Leo Mulligan: I wouldn't point to any one area. Certainly, our -- the new businesses that we're bringing in are coming in just as we planned, so I certainly wouldn't highlight those. It's a tough environment, and we’ve set some -- we thought were reasonable sales plans. We're delivering largely against those. But we're -- it's a little bit short on the top line, but we're ensuring that the bottom line comes in. That's what I'd say about there. In terms of interest rates, we came to the year assuming that all in, they'd be up a bit. It is likely that it is -- on a full year basis, our interest expense will be down a little bit year-over-year. And again, that's attributable to both the timing of any long-term issue we do, as well as the marketplace rates.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Innovation. I wanted to talk quickly on innovation. You've brought a very large slate to the market recently, and you're highlighting some new items that are going to come in January, many of which look fairly compelling. I think in the past you've talk about innovation as a percentage of your sales on a rolling 3-year basis. Can you update us on where you stand for that metric now and how it's been trending recently?
Ian R. Friendly: Yes. This is Ian, Jason. As it relates to at least the U.S. portfolio, and I don't think it's too different for the company, but I'll let Ken comment on that, we target somewhere between, on an annual basis, 4.5% to 5%, so that's what we typically talk on an annual. But if you want to do 3 year, you could multiply that out. And we're right on track with that. In fact, our -- I would say our percent of business coming from new products has been pretty strong and robust for us, and so that is generally where we want to be. And Ken, I don't know if there's a statistic you want to quote for that.
Kendall J. Powell: No, no. 4% to 5% is what we target, and we think we'll be very much in that range, Jason. I mean, we're also very focused on -- another metric for us is incrementality. So we want to make sure that we're launching products that are bringing new consumers into their franchise, and we're -- we've steadily improved that number. Margin is another key metric for us, and we want to make sure that the business model is sound for all the new products that we're launching. And so we have very good metrics and discipline about the quality of the new products that we launched, and we're very much in the range. And as you said, we're pleased with what we launched in the first half. We like what we've got in the second half. We think the new cereals, Honey Nut Medley Crunch, we think, will be very good. The new Fiber One product we think is good. We're very happy that we're going to be bringing 2 more new flavors to Yoplait Greek 100. As you heard Ian mention, that is off to quite a nice start, and consumers love variety in the yogurt category. So we're getting back to them as quickly as we can, and so it offers them variety. It will also give us increased visibility and holding power at the shelf. So that becomes a virtuous cycle for us. So we're generally pleased with our new product performance so far this year and have -- we'll be continuing the momentum here as we go into the second half.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just to make sure I understand that metric, does that only account for the contribution from the current year initiatives? Or does it also account for the leakage from any erosion on last year's launches as you lap them?
Donal Leo Mulligan: It's really the launch -- it accounts for the launch within that year.
Kendall J. Powell: It also does account, Jason, for erosion, so it's a net impact, not the total impact.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. It's an incremental number. And with erosion, if you wanted to accumulate it over a 3-year period, it would be in the low-double digits. It's going to be 4% to 5% a year, and if you do it over 3 years, it's going to be in that kind of 11%, 12% range.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had 2 questions for you. The first one, if I could ask maybe, of Ian, on the Yoplait business. I wanted to ask about -- you've really stabilized the market share, that's as we track it from IRI or Nielsen, and you certainly have some developments on core cup and good developments on Greek. So I wanted to ask if you expect your sequential market share to continue to grow, especially as more of these products go into the market. And then related to that, do you foresee Yoplait sales growing for the year in 2000 -- fiscal '13?
Ian R. Friendly: Yes. Well, thank you for that, and I suppose I should switch my data to IRI data because, at least from my standpoint, we haven't quite stabilized our share yet. But thank you for that. But it is getting -- what you said is quite true. It is getting sequentially better, and I expect it in the back half to continue to get sequentially better. It's a very volatile category. I think the jury is out. We'll have to look in May to see if -- for the year, how it all nets out. I would expect that every period in the back half gets better. As I shared in my remarks, our Greek business seems to be really gaining nice traction, and our core business is stabilizing well. So I'm guardedly optimistic around our share in the back half. But I think we're still kind of progressing from what had been a more challenging place. And the good...
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: If I could follow on -- I'm sorry.
Ian R. Friendly: Sorry, Chris. The other good thing that's important and hard to predict in some ways is all of this activity by us and competitors is a great stimulant for a very vibrant category growth. And so that will be the other variable in all of this is how quick the yogurt category grows, which I would expect should be pretty good.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just a quick follow-up for that, Ian, would be that would you expect the progress you're making in Greek with a lot of new products, as well as the progress in core cup, any one of those to be the bigger driver of your sequential share progress? Is one opportunity bigger than the other?
Ian R. Friendly: Well, in the case of core cup, I think it's more about stabilizing because that has been losing share as Greek came to the market. It had to come from something, and it came from the largest player, which was our core cup business. So stabilizing that, I think, prevents the minus, and I think the plus comes from the innovation, which is largely in the Greek category, although not entirely.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: All right, okay. And then quick follow-up, Don, for you. Can you say what inflation was year-to-date? Just to give a little perspective on the degree of inflation for the second half, we can kind of back into that then roughly. Is it possible to talk about that?
Donal Leo Mulligan: It would be a little bit below our full year projections in the first half, not tremendously below, but slightly below.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Rachel Nabatian: It's actually Rachel in for Rob. So my question is on the soup and cereal categories, which seem to have been more rational in recent months with innovation and less promotion. So what's your visibility on that into 2013? And do you think we've found new equilibrium here where there could be more category and volume growth?
Ian R. Friendly: Well, this is Ian. On -- let me separate those 2. We're delighted with the soup category. Our business is strong. We focused fairly hard on part of the category -- the growing part of the category, the ready-to-serve part of the category. And we do think it's pretty rational, and it's about providing consumers great-tasting products and benefits. And we do think it's fairly rational in how it's playing out, and we're seeing a lot of strength in our business. So very pleased with that part of the soup category. Cereal is also, I would say, largely rational. It was a bit more promotional in the first half in terms of frequency of promotion, but I wouldn't characterize it as irrational. And as I said earlier, I think given the cost structure of the grain complex from the drought last year, I think it will remain highly rational in the back half. And it is good to see, I think, the major competitors bringing good innovation to market and competing largely on that basis.
Rachel Nabatian: That's good to hear. And then just I have a follow-up. I was curious to hear your strategy on the Frozen Food category. It seems to have been challenging for competitors and then for frozen pizza in particular. So with that category, on one hand, there's frozen vegetables, which have more of a health and wellness aspect, and then there's frozen pizza, which has the benefit of targeting value seekers. So on which end of the spectrum would you say that you guys are planning to focus?
Ian R. Friendly: Well, I think in frozen, it's such a big area of activity. It's been a part that has been slower at retail this past year, to be fair, across frozen. But you really have to almost look at it segment by segment to talk about what's going on. And then I think you've characterized it reasonably well. For us, the vegetable part, it's a very big category, a bit lower growth, but the innovation, when it comes through, helps a lot, and it’s very much on trend, which is a good thing. Other parts, pizza, we're the leading seller of -- in terms of volume of pizza in the category. We compete in just one part of it. And it's on the value side, which is kind of in sync with the times. And then we have other kind of very targeted things like frozen hot snacks, which we had a terrific first half on. And so that just got down to good items, good marketing that resonate with the consumer. I don't know if there's a category trend on it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Ian, I had a question just on the cereal category. When you look at like a Lucky Charms, not getting too particular, you put some advertising spending behind it. It looked like it moved very substantially on that. So I guess my question is how do you decide on which cereal brands to support? Because it seems like when you do support them, you actually get movement. And maybe if you supported it or got more advertising dollars behind it, there would be more brands that moved because Lucky Charms seem to be moving nicely with a little brand support.
Ian R. Friendly: Well, that is -- the cereal category has always been highly responsive to consumer marketing support and good ideas, as trite as that might sound. And that's kind of what we look at. We do a lot of upfront research. We do a lot of in-market experimentation and analysis, and we try and put our money behind our best ideas. And it's a brand-by-brand kind of activity. And you're quite right. I mean, we're seeing some very nice progress on a variety of our brands around great consumer ideas. And when we have them, we do put the pedal to the metal without a doubt.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: But is there room for you to put more advertising dollars behind more brands like almost -- not reactivate certain brands, but really -- because Lucky Charms is not a brand that had innovation as much but more -- it seems like it was more advertising behind it, and it seems like there might be opportunity to do with more brands. It's kind of...
Ian R. Friendly: We, in the past -- we, a few years ago, put advertising behind Multi Grain Cheerios after many years and saw that thing take off like a rocket. The Lucky Charms story has also got something to do with finding additional targets. So advertising a lot of these previously kid-targeted brands also to the adult consumption, which they have very high levels of adult consumption, is true on Lucky Charms, true on Cinnamon Toast. And so yes, I think there are certainly many opportunities to add consumer support in the cereal category on different brands behind good ideas.
Kendall J. Powell: So Ken, I'll just -- since several people have -- a few people have asked about strategy in the cereal category and differentiation. I mean, they're very good questions and we like them, and they go to the heart of what we're all about. We have a highly differentiated line of great brands, and they are -- we know that they're responsive to advertising and to good ideas, and that's why our strategy really is so focused on capitalizing on that innovation, strengthening it, figuring out fresh new ways to talk about it because, as you point out, there are many examples in the category, all the time, of brands that have had fresh messages, and they really respond. So you're on the right point, and that's what we're very focused on doing.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So just a couple of small follow-ups. On baking mixes, it's not a segment that we focus on very much, but this is obviously an important quarter for baking mixes with the holiday season. Could you maybe talk a little bit about what's going on in terms of price, volume and share dynamics there and what the outlook might be?
Ian R. Friendly: Yes. We -- our baking mix business is, so far, off to a really good start to the season. It is still, for parts of the portfolio, kind of midway in the season. And we had a really good November. I think you can see that in the data. And as I said in my prepared remarks around both our refrigerated dough business, it's been very responsive to the Let the Making Begin campaign, and our dry mix has also had a very good response to the marketing. So, so far, so good. We like what we're seeing, and it seems to be going well.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And then as a quick follow-up on cereals. I've noticed a few articles about consumer concern about GMOs in, I guess, some of your larger brands. Is that having any major impact on cereal sales at the moment in your view?
Ian R. Friendly: We haven't seen anything really on the consumer side related to that.
Operator: And the last question will be taken from the line of Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask on cereal, so I can understand why the year would be kind of more back-half weighted just given the cadence of your merchandising programs. But I think you said on the last quarter that Big G, you thought, would be up in Q2. Was there a surprise this quarter relative to your expectations? And if so, would you attribute that more to category weakness or to competitive activity?
Ian R. Friendly: Yes, I'd say there was a little bit of a surprise in our Q2, not a lot. We expected Q1 to be down, which we, I think, talked about at the beginning of the year. We thought more of our promotional plan would start showing up throughout Q2. It started showing up largely towards the end of Q2 and going here into December. And so we're seeing cereal, as I commented, sequentially pick up. But we didn't quite get all that we expected. And again, it had a lot to do with just higher levels of competitive -- certain competitive frequencies in that particular quarter. It will all, I think, come out in the year. Primarily some of that stuff was pushed into December and into the back half for us. So it will be a different flow than we anticipated, but I would anticipate that by year-end it will pretty much be where we thought.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then my follow-up question on international. I think you mentioned that organic growth internationally was up 4%, which I think is maybe a little bit lower than where you'd been running. Do I have that right? And then if so, which businesses or markets might have contributed to some sequential slowing there?
Kendall J. Powell: I think it's a little bit behind.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. The 4% that we reported in the quarter is not materially off where we were last year in the same mid-single digit range. But to the extent that there's any slowing, it's just on the margin.
Kristen Smith Wenker: Thanks, everybody. If there are still questions out there, please give me a call, and I'll try to get them answered for you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-09-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kristen Smith Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations Donal Leo Mulligan - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Jonathon J. Nudi - Vice President and President of Snacks Unlimited Kendall J. Powell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Mills Fiscal 2013 Results First Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, September 19, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kris Wenker, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Madam.
Kristen Smith Wenker: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. I'm here with Ken Powell, our CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO; and Jon Nudi, who is President of our U.S. Snacks division. I'll turn the call over to them in just a minute. First, I've got to cover my usual housekeeping items. Our press release on first quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning and is also posted on our website if you need a copy. We've posted slides on our website, too, that supplements today's prepared remarks. These remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And one last note for me, we provided a data page with historical sales and growth rates for our newly organized U.S. Retail division and International region. You can find that data page under the Investors section of our website. And so with that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, starting with Don.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Thanks, Kris, and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning. Slide 4 summarizes our results for the quarter. Sales totaled $4.1 billion, up 5%, and segment operating profit increased 6% to $769 million. These results were led by our International segment, including contributions from acquired businesses. Net earnings totaled $549 million, and diluted earnings per share were $0.82 as reported. These results include a net increase in the mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions in grain inventories, along with the one-time tax benefit and restructuring charges. Excluding these items affecting comparability, our adjusted diluted EPS would be $0.66. This was a bit better than we planned, thanks to strong international performance that benefited operating profit and contributed to a lower underlying tax rate. Slide 5 shows the components of our net sales growth. On an as-reported basis, net sales increased 5%, with growth driven by acquisitions. Pound volume contributed 9 points of growth in the quarter, sales mix and net price realization subtracted 2 points of sales growth, and foreign exchange also reduced net sales by 2 points. Excluding acquisitions, net sales were 1% below year-ago levels as reported and up 1% in constant currency. Slide 6 details net sales performance for our newly organized U.S. retail divisions. In total, net sales declined 1%, including the impact of merchandising spending to support new item launches and sharper price points on certain established products. Pound volume was 2% lower in the quarter. This was a sequential improvement from the previous quarter, and it included steady improvement through the last 3 months. Sales for our Bakeries and Foodservice segment declined 2% in the first quarter. Pound volume was up 2%, but that growth was offset by negative price realization mix. Hot breakfast items, snacks and baking mixes led our sales performance in the quarter. As shown on Slide 8, our first quarter international net sales grew 36% on a constant currency basis, with growth across all 4 regions. In Canada, sales increased 28%, including the acquired Liberté yogurt business. Sales for the region combining Europe, Australia and New Zealand increased 51%. This top line performance reflects the addition of Yoplait International and good gains by Nature Valley in the U.K., Häagen-Dazs in France and Old El Paso in Australia. Sales in the Asia-Pacific region increased 20%, led by China. In the Latin America, constant currency sales increased 20%. This was before Yoki, which will begin contributing to General Mills' sales and operating profits in our second quarter. Excluding acquisitions, international constant currency sales increased at an 8% rate in Q1. In the first quarter, our underlying gross margin declined 40 basis points to 38.2%. This excludes the impact of mark-to-market valuation for certain grain inventories and commodity hedges we'll use in future periods. The addition of Yoplait International accounts for the majority of the underlying gross margin decline. The remainder reflects higher input cost. And while grain costs have gone up this summer, we're still estimating 2% to 3% inflation for General Mills in fiscal 2013, well below last year's 10% inflation rate, and we're now roughly 75% covered on our commodity needs for the fiscal year. Slide 10 shows our first quarter operating profit growth split up by segment. U.S. Retail profit was 2% below year-ago levels, nearing the volume trend. Advertising expense was down 13% in the quarter as our marketing spending was weighted towards promotional activity this period. International profit increased 56%. That includes incremental contributions from Yoplait and a 17% increase in advertising spending. Excluding acquisitions, profit still increased at a double-digit rate. Bakeries & Foodservice profit grew 10% in the quarter, reflecting pound volume growth and higher grain merchandising earnings. After tax earnings from joint ventures were lower in the quarter, primarily reflecting input cost inflation and unfavorable foreign exchange for CPW. On a constant currency basis, CPW sales increased 1% with double-digit sales growth in emerging markets, largely offset by category weakness in Western Europe. Constant currency sales for Häagen-Dazs Japan grew 4%, led by new products and distribution gains. Completing our review of the income statement, corporate unallocated expenses, excluding mark-to-market effects, were up $11 million in the quarter, primarily due to higher pension expense. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 22.7% as reported, well below last year, due to a one-time non-cash tax benefit from the restructuring of a subsidiary, which resulted in a reduction of deferred tax liabilities. Excluding items affecting comparability, our tax rate was 31.4% this year compared to 32.4% a year ago. We still see our full year underlying tax rate running at about 33%, and average diluted shares outstanding were essentially flat in the quarter. For the full year, we continue to target a net reduction in average diluted shares outstanding. Turning to the balance sheet. Let me first answer a likely question. The large increase in cash on our balance sheet is the funding for Yoki. We funded $851 million of the $940 million purchase price with cash. And since we report our Brazil business on a 1-month lag, this cash was still reflected on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter. With the Yoki acquisition closed and the maturity of a long term debt note earlier this month, our cash balance today has returned to a more normalized level. Now in a quarter where net sales increased 5%, our core working capital declined 4%. Our working capital efficiency continues to translate into improved operating cash flow. Over the last 5 years, our operating cash flow has increased at a 7% compound rate, and growth in operating cash flow accelerated to 11% this quarter. So with the first quarter completed, we're on track to achieve our 2013 targets. We expect to deliver mid-single-digit growth in net sales and segment operating profit on the base business, with Yoki Brazil and Yoplait Canada contributing 9 months of incremental sales and profit this year. We expect to generate adjusted diluted earnings per share of approximately $2.65. As a reminder, our EPS guidance excludes mark-to-market effects, restructuring expense, acquisition integration cost and this quarter's one-time tax benefit. With that, I'll turn the microphone over to Jon for an update on our U.S. Snacks business. Jon?
Jonathon J. Nudi: Thanks, Don. Hello, everybody. It's a pleasure to be on the call this morning. It seems that there's been a lot of investor interest in snack businesses lately. So I'd like to give you an update on our U.S. Snacks portfolio and the growth that we're seeing on our brands. U.S. consumers are snacking more than ever, and consumers have changed what to grab for a quick refuel. Instead of mindless munching, consumers are increasingly looking for options to provide real nutritional benefits. So it's no wonder that Better-for-you snacks is the fast-growing segment in the Snacks category. We define this segment using a variety of Nielsen-measured categories. And retail sales increased 6% fiscal 2012 to reach nearly $30 billion. We see plenty of room for continued growth in this segment. Reported net sales for our Snacks division have grown at an 8% compound rate over the past 3 years and we're up 15% in fiscal 2012, so we're gaining share in this Better-for-you segment. Our Snacks portfolio is split into 3 distinct categories: Grain, Fruit and Savory snacks, as shown on Slide 18. In fiscal 2012, these 3 segments generated $1.6 billion of reported net sales. We have a strong presence in traditional grocery stores, where our pound volume grew 3% last year, with the majority of our Snacks volume that's sold in the faster-growing nontraditional food outlets, such as mass merchandisers, club and dollar stores. For example, club stores represent our largest nontraditional channel. Our pound volume grew 8% there last year as our larger mega-packs represent value to clubs through our consumers. We continue to bring product news [ph] and strong innovation to this channel. Small-store formats like dollar stores are a growth channel too. Here we offer smaller packages and attractive dollar price point that introduces new consumers to our brands. Our regular sized packages also sell well in these outlets, making this our fastest-growing channel, with pound volume up 9% last year. General Mills is the market leader in the $900 million Fruit snacks category. Category sales are growing at a 3% pace in the latest 12 months, driven by increasing popularity of fruit snacks with all family appeal. Last year, we saw heightened competition from value players in this segment, resulting in a share decline for us. We expect to post renewed sales and share growth this year with a solid line of new products, including Mott's fruit snacks that appeal to kids and adults alike. Our Mott's Medleys are made with real fruit and vegetable juice and provide 100% of the daily value of vitamin C, with just 80 calories per serving. We just launched this line and it's off to a great start. The Savory snacks category generates more than $2 billion in annual retail sales and has grown at a 9% rate over the past year. We've just launched several new flavors of our very popular Chex Mix and we introduced a new product line, Pillsbury Baguette Chips. These are made from baked bread. They're great by themselves or with your favorite dip. And of course, Grain snack bars is our largest and fastest growing business. We created this category back in 1975 with the launch of Nature Valley Granola Bars. Today, the category generates $3 billion in retail sales and it's growing at a 5% annual rate. Our sales are well outpacing the category, driving solid market share gains for us. As you can see on Slide 21, our dollar share of the category has increased 10 points over the past 5 years. And through the first quarter of fiscal 2013, we've gained another full point of share. We're growing our sales and the category by innovating. We've kept the original Nature Valley Crunchy bars growing and we've added new flavors and formats. Then at 2006, we launched a very successful Fiber One snack bar line and that unlocked a whole new level of market growth. In fiscal 2012, we've further expanded the Fiber One line with the introduction of 90-calorie brownies. In one year, just 2 brownie flavors generated more than $100 million in retail sales. To put that into context, one industry benchmark set the standard of $50 million for a successful new product introduction. We're currently launching a 90-calorie chocolate chip cookie that's off to a terrific start. We're also just launching new Fiber One Chewy Bars, available in kid-friendly flavors like chocolate and peanut butter and jelly. At just 100 calories per bar, they have the nutrition that moms love, including 20% of the daily value of fiber and 10% of the daily value of calcium. When it comes to Grain snacks, Nature Valley continues to be our flagship brand. Our newest variety is Nature Valley Protein Bars, which contain 10 grams of protein in each bar. They contributed double-digit retail sales growth for the brand in fiscal 2012, and they're on track to be as big as Fiber One Brownies in year one retail sales. We have new flavors and formats in Nature Valley bars coming throughout the year, and we expect the brand to continue to lead our Snacks portfolio. Now I've been talking specifically about our U.S. Snacks division, but of course General Mills' Snacks business is much broader than this. In small plant and fields [ph], we market Cascadian Farm organic granola bars, along with Larabars and Über bars, which are great-tasting natural nutrition bar options. The retail sales have been growing at a double-digit rate, and Food Should Taste Good chips have been a great addition to our natural foods offerings. Our snacks are growing nicely in food service outlets too. Net sales were up 11% in the first quarter, driven by new product introductions and distribution gains in convenience stores. And we're just beginning to tap into the possibilities for our snacks internationally. Our U.S. portfolio is an innovation pipeline for our international markets. For example, Nature Valley brand is available in nearly 80 markets around the world, and we see many opportunities to expand our other snacks brands into more international markets as the global middle class continues to expand and we gain scale in more emerging markets worldwide. So to summarize my comments this morning, the future is bright for General Mills' U.S. Snacks division, as consumers are snacking more and increasingly seek out Better-for-you options. We're building on our history of innovation, solid new product introductions across our 3 product platforms. We're also leveraging our strong brands at fast-growing non-traditional food outlets, which should drive sales and profit growth in the U.S. and around the world in fiscal 2013 and beyond. Thank you for your time this morning. I'll now turn the call over to Ken Powell.
Kendall J. Powell: Okay. Thanks, Jon, and good morning, everybody. You just heard about the terrific innovation that John and his team have going in our U.S. Snacks business. So I want to going to give you a quick summary of the business trends and the innovation that we're seeing elsewhere at General Mills. Across our U.S. Retail categories, we are seeing pricing moderate and volume improve as we begin to lap last year's significant price increases. As Don mentioned earlier, we still expect inflation in 2013, but at a rate well below the 10% we experienced in 2012. So we do anticipate a more stable food price environment for consumers as we go forward. We're seeing improving trends for our business as well. In the first quarter, General Mills U.S. Retail pound volume declined 2% and demonstrated sequential improvement over last year. Underlying gross margin for General Mills showed sequential improvement as well, and we expect both our volume and gross margin trends to continue to improve in the remaining 9 months of the year. Our confidence reflects the fact that our categories are on trend with consumer demand for great-tasting, healthy and convenient foods, all at a good value. Because they're on trend, our categories are growing. Each of our 10 largest categories generates at least $2 billion in annual retail sales. And with combined sales of over $40 billion, even low single-digit growth on this sales base is significant. We're innovating to drive growth for our brands and our categories. Let me give you a few examples. The gluten-free benefit of our Chex cereals continues to resonate with consumers. Sales of new Apple Cinammon Chex are off to a strong start, and we're reaching consumers with both traditional and digital advertising. In combination, these activities drove a 23% retail sales gain for Chex in the first quarter. Multigrain Cheerios continues to post strong gains, including the new Peanut Butter variety. First quarter retail sales increased 19%. And Cascadian Farm is the #1 granola brand in America, organic or otherwise. We've just added an Ancient Grains variety and increased marketing support, helping to drive an 11% increase in retail sales this quarter. For our cereal business in total, we experienced a rare decline in sales this quarter as merchandising levels were below the year-ago period. But we expect our growth momentum to resume in the second quarter, and we continue to expect sales and earnings growth for Big G in 2013 in total. The first quarter sales decline for our U.S. yogurt business overall masks some good progress made in this period. Our Greek yogurt business turned in a good performance, led by our multipack items. Our Greek retail sales increased 85%, and we picked up nearly a full point in the market share in the Greek segment this quarter. As you know, our 2013 plans for Greek yogurt are just getting started. New Yoplait Greek 100-calorie yogurt is just starting to hit store shelves across the country. And while it's early days, we're very pleased with the initial reaction to this product. We're just now activating our fully integrated marketing campaign and dedicated advertising behind this new line. We've sharpened our merchandise price points on our core cup products. Customer feedback has been very positive, and broad-based execution is planned throughout the coming months. While it's still early, volume trends on this key business are improving. Across our U.S. yogurt business in total, we launched 35 new items in the first quarter. These new items have been well accepted by our customers and shipments are building. In addition to Yoplait Greek 100, this includes expanded distribution of our Mountain High brand and the beginning of a phased U.S. rollout of Liberté. So as we move into the second quarter, we're excited about our innovation and marketing plans in U.S. yogurt. Other first quarter highlights included good growth from Progresso. We've launched new flavors of Progresso Light and continue to focus our advertising on the great taste of our ready-to-serve soups, and our new Recipe Starters sauces have enjoyed good customer orders to date. In total, first quarter retail sales for Progresso increased 14%, and we added 3 points of market share in the ready-to-serve segment. On our Totino's hot snacks business, a significant increase in media investment and distribution gains drove growth across our product line. A combination of strong in-store merchandising support, digital media and contributions from new products drove market share gains on our Pillsbury refrigerated dough items. And Green Giant Seasoned Steamers are the latest addition to our frozen vegetable portfolio. We'll begin to activate the support for this seasonal business in the second quarter of the year. In total, we launched over 70 U.S. Retail new products in the first quarter alone. Account acceptance of these new items is, in total, above our expectations, and we've got more innovation to come later in the year. As we told you in July, our plans call for points of distribution to decline through the first quarter of 2013, largely reflecting the timing of our new product launches. We expect improved distribution trends over the remaining 9 months of the year and look to achieve distribution growth for the year in total. As our new items reach good store-level distribution, we'll be activating our media and marketing campaigns against these businesses. We're ramping up activity behind our seasonal items such as soup, baking products and frozen vegetables, and we continue to improve the efficiency and impact of our advertising dollars with targeted investments in digital and multicultural media. We also have a variety of second quarter merchandising events planned to drive customer and consumer excitement. We're expanding our Save Lids to Save Lives program, which benefits breast cancer research. Starting this month, more than 20 General Mills brands will carry pink lids on over 400 million packages. This program extends to our Bakeries & Foodservice businesses too. We're partnering with sororities across the country to increase breast cancer awareness on-campus. In total, General Mills will donate $0.10 for every lid redeemed up to a maximum total donation of $2.5 million. We also continued to expand our successful Box Tops for Education program. Since the inception of this program, we've raised over $475 million for schools across the country. These are just a few of the merchandising programs we have planned in the months ahead, and with continued strong levels of marketing support and product innovation, we're excited about our prospects for growth in U.S. Retail over the balance of 2013. Let me turn to our International segment. In the first quarter, we delivered good performance in Europe. Yogurt is our largest business there. Fueled by sales of new varieties of Calin, a functional yogurt high in calcium, and higher levels of advertising across our yogurt portfolio, retail sales increased at a mid-single-digit rate in the quarter, and we added roughly 0.5 point of market share. Our Europe yogurt results now include Ireland, where we reacquired the Yoplait license in May. Häagen-Dazs had a good quarter in Europe too. Retail sales increased at a double-digit rate. Our Secret Sensations product was a huge hit in 2012, so we've introduced it into new markets with a new flavor and a new package size in 2013. We've also launched new varieties of pints in mini cups and integrated our marketing efforts across Häagen-Dazs shops and retail outlets. For our Europe business in total, we're pleased with our performance. Our growth in this region continues to outpace results for many of our multinational food peers. We now have a great branded position in the important European yogurt market and our other key categories of superpremium ice cream, Mexican meals and grain snacks are all in relatively early stages of development in Europe. So we have great opportunities ahead to increase household penetration of our brands to drive future top line growth. In Canada, yogurt is a $1.4 billion category. And over the last 5 years, sales have been growing at a 7% rate. In our Canadian yogurt business, we're increasing household penetration on our Liberté brand, with distribution gains, new products and television advertising for the first time in Liberté's history. And earlier this month, General Mills assumed the Canada Yoplait business from the previous licensee. We're planning significant levels of investment behind the Yoplait brand in Canada, including new product innovation, improvements on established products and increased advertising. Together, our Liberté and Yoplait brands hold a 35% share of category sales in Canada. With Yoplait added to our business, we're projecting well over $1 billion of retail sales in Canada this fiscal year, making us the fourth largest food manufacturer in the country. As you know, we're also working to expand our business in emerging markets. We have a large business today in Greater China, and we continue to see robust growth there. First quarter sales in constant currency grew at a strong double-digit rate. This performance is being led by Häagen-Dazs and our line of Wanchai Ferry frozen dim sum items. And while the overall Chinese economy may be slowing a bit, the demand for branded consumer food products continues to expand. Increasing numbers of Chinese consumers want foods that offer quality, convenience, nutrition and taste, all at a good value. And for our business in China, we're seeing robust growth in both existing and new cities. So we expect demand for our products to remain strong in this important market. Our growth in India is being driven by our new whole wheat and premium varieties of Pillsbury Atta flour, Häagen-Dazs Secret Sensations and contributions from our recent acquisition of Parampara foods branded meal starters. In Brazil, the acquisition of Yoki makes us very excited about our growth prospects. Yoki products are quite popular with Brazilian consumers and hold leading market share positions in growing categories. And our integration efforts are off to a great start. Given Yoki's terrific breadth and scale, we're integrating General Mills' Brazilian employees, products and systems into the Yoki business. We're just one month in and we're already invoicing our customers as a combined company. And the combination of Yoki and General Mills makes us the 15th largest food company in Brazil, significantly expanding our scale in this important market. We'll look forward to reporting back to you on the growth of this business starting in the second quarter. So with that, let me summarize today's General Mills update. Our first quarter performance was broadly in line with our expectations. Volume and gross margin trends are improving, and we launched over 100 new products. In the second quarter, we'll support both our established and new items with strong levels of media and merchandising. In both Yoplait Canada and Yoki, we'll begin to contribute to our net sales and operating profit. For the full year, we're on track to deliver our sales and profit targets. And more broadly, we see our business portfolio better positioned than ever to deliver balanced global growth for shareholders in the years ahead. So thank you for your time this morning and for your interest in General Mills. With this, I'm going to open the call for questions. Operator, would you please get us started?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Ken, just a question. You had a lot of new product innovation come through in the first quarter, so I guess just 2 questions related to that. First, was there any impact in terms of sales shift meeting? Was there any inventory build or anything that would have sort of inflated sales a little bit more in the first quarter? And then second, just early -- in terms of consumer uptake, consumer receptivity to the new product innovation?
Kendall J. Powell: We started to ship most of those products in August. And so you would've seen some build during August, but I would say kind of progressively over that month. But I would say some build, but not a lot in occurring late in the quarter. In terms of the consumer uptake, it's very early days. But it looks like, for instance, Progresso Recipe Starters, looks like that's going to be good. It's off to a good start, obviously. But soup season is in front of us, but our customers certainly like that product, so we feel good about that one. The cereals, I think, went in very well. It got high levels of distribution, and we think that those will do well. And as we've said to you before, we'll have a number of other and additional new cereals coming in January. So we feel pretty good about our new cereal lineup for the year. All the yogurt items went in, and it's early days for those, but they're gaining distribution well. Early returns on Yoplait Greek 100 is that, that is developing very nicely. We're quite pleased with how that one is going. And that's really before the marketing impact really starts to hit on that new item, so we like what we're seeing on that one as well. And then Liberté is just starting a regional role and so it's very early days on that, and we'll report -- we'll give you a more -- in Q2 on Liberté. But generally, we feel quite good about how our new products are going in.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just trying to get a better sense of kind of when and to what extent we should really start to see the traction build from the innovation and marketing initiatives that you've talked about. Is it realistic to expect positive growth in your yogurt sales this quarter on both a reported and retail basis?
Kendall J. Powell: Well, our goal for the year is sales growth in Yoplait. We'll see accelerating performance, improving performance as we go into the second quarter. We have all these new items on shelf. We turn on the advertising and the consumer activity. So that will really begin to hit in the second quarter and we'll continue that in the third quarter, and so our goal would be to see sales growth there.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then just one other one, if I could. You said a couple of weeks ago that you still expected Q1 to be down in terms of EPS, and it came in a bit better on international. Did you not have maybe the visibility on that international performance at that point in time? Or am I just maybe being too literal about your comments at back-to-school?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. A couple of things broke favorably -- 2 or 3 things broke favorably in the quarter that we only get visibility until -- to the end. International had a strong quarter across a number of markets. China was a significant contributor, for example. But as you can imagine, you're closing the books across 25 different markets, and if they all break a little favorable, it adds up, and that's really what happened in international. So the broad strengths of that business played through. And then the other piece you saw on the tax rate. Some of that was favorably impacted by international or from an earnings mix standpoint. But as you also understand, tax rate can be a little bit volatile just in terms of how you close out open audits, and we have audits across states in different countries. We closed those out during the course of the year. We had some favorable audit closures in the first quarter that benefited the rate as well that again had visibility too, until those are settled. So those are really the 2 big factors as you look at the first quarter. And those 2 together contributed $0.03 or $0.04 to the bottom line.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I just make sure that I understand the mid-single-digit sales and operating profit growth guidance from the base business for the full year? I'm assuming that, that excludes acquisitions. So what I'm trying to understand is what the numbers were on an excluding acquisitions basis this quarter. It looks as though organic sales growth was down a little bit this quarter, and excluding the acquisitions, it looks as though operating profit may have been fairly flat, although that's less clear, even with the decline in the advertising spending and the shipments of new products. If that's right and maybe you can confirm that, then where does the acceleration in the top and the bottom line come from for the rest of the year? Are there particular levers, commodity cost inflation that's going to become more favorable going forward?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Alexia, just to clarify, the mid-single-digit sales operating profit is for our business as we entered the year, so it excludes Yoki, it excludes Yoplait Canada, but it does include Yoplait International in total. The reason that we see it accelerating during the year is a couple of things. As Ken -- as we've said before and as Ken pointed to some data this morning, in the U.S., as we see prices lap our increases and the industry's increases from the last year, we expect volume to stabilize and to solidify, and we're starting to see that in the categories, and so that will benefit us as the year unfolds. Second is, as you point to -- we do expect some deceleration of inflation, although I would caution that with the current drought and movement, there is some more pressure than we had originally anticipated coming into the year, and that will play through in the latter part of the year. We still are in that 2% to 3% range of inflation, but obviously, a bit more pressure given where the markets have moved over the last couple of months. And then we expect to see continued strength in International, as we alluded to the -- not only did it grow quite nicely in the first quarter on an as-reported basis, but if you strip out acquisitions, top line grew 8% on a constant currency basis, and so that provides continued momentum as the year unfolds. And our Bakeries & Foodservice business started the year well, 2% volume growth, 10% profit growth, and that business has -- again, has some really solid momentum in some key customer and product line segments that we'll benefit from as the year unfolds as well.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Great. And then maybe the quick follow-up. Could I ask about how you're seeing the category promotional dynamics in cereals changing? It looks as though Post's price per pound has come down quite a bit in the last couple of months. And how are you responding to that?
Kendall J. Powell: Yes. I mean, there are always movements quarter-to-quarter, Alexia. I mean, I think the point that we want to make is, for a variety of reasons, our pressure was quite a bit below what it was a year ago, and this is all about timing, really, and promotional timing. And we knew it was going to be low in June and July, and it was. And so that will restore itself and rebalance as we move into the second, third and fourth quarters of the year. So ours was low. And our merch volume, as a result, was low year-over-year due to timing issues, and that will be -- that will work itself back to a normal promotional profile here as we go into the next 3 quarters.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: It's good to see volumes for your categories and for General Mills starting to, as you pointed out, sequentially improve as pricing has kind of moderated. I know there's a lot of discussion over the last couple of quarters about sort of the mystery around why volumes in general had been as weak as they were for the industry. And there were probably a lot of different reasons that were discussed. But the biggest one that most food companies talked about was just the pricing, right, and that combined with the difficult consumer backdrop. Based on what you're starting to see, at least in some of your key categories, I mean, it sounds like you're basically getting at that latter point, which is, it seems like it was primarily the pricing and as that moderates, the volume sort of starts to come back. Does that seem now with what you now see like the most realistic and sensible explanation for what we've seen these last couple of quarters for the industry?
Kendall J. Powell: So Andrew, I mean, I think as you know, that is our premise. And we talked about that quite a bit at our year-end meeting in July. And our view is that, okay, we're only a quarter in, but sort of based on the data we're seeing, our view is that's -- that is the data is confirming our premise on what happened and what the outlook is going forward. I mean, clearly, last year, with a very high inflation in the industry, over 10% for us and all the pricing, there's no doubt that, that was the biggest single factor and consumers responded as we predicted they would with lower unit volume sales. So I think we had a chart in our presentation this morning that demonstrated very clearly that as we begin to sequentially lap that period of time, we're seeing the price comparisons moderate and the unit volumes improve for our category. And we are seeing that as well in our business. Now it's not -- this is not a perfect science, and I think it will -- but our belief, our strong belief is that we're going to continue to see that sort of stabilization in consumer prices and recovery of demand as we progress throughout the year.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I appreciate that color. And then just a quick follow-up. Don, I apologize if I didn't get this right. Did you mention at the outset that for overall corporate General Mills, that organic sales were up 1% in the quarter? And if I got that wrong, I apologize.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. For overall, 1% on a constant currency basis, minus 1% as reported. So we had a larger than usual drag from ForEx this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I want to go back to the full year guidance of mid-single-digit sales growth. Thanks for the color on kind of what that encompasses. I was thinking about that your base biz comment is suggesting purely organic and it's -- correct me if I'm wrong, but that does include the M&A contribution in the first quarter from Yoplait International?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Correct.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So if I were to strip that out and just think about sort of organic for the full year, can you give us any color on what you expect organic to be for the full year?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, I don't have a size [ph] for you that Yoplait International is about $1.2 billion in sales. And we had another couple of months of it this year versus last year.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And if I calculate it right, kind of based on International, it looks like it's going to add around 1.5 points to the full year. So kind of thinking organically, if I can think about mid-single digits is 4 to 6, take out 1.5, I'm kind of now that 2.5 to 4.5 type range. Am I way off base with that line of thinking?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, I don't have my calculator for me to check your math. But it is obviously going to be a contributor. I couldn't confirm the 1.5 points, though, for it.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So on drivers of that, kind of getting back to Alexia's question and building on Andrew's there, you had about 1 point in the first quarter. I think Ken mentioned that he's expecting the pricing to be, I think, a lot more stable, which I'm interpreting to be kind of flattish as we progress through the year. That's quite a bit of volume acceleration. Where are you expecting to get that volume acceleration? And what gives you the confidence that it's going to come through?
Kendall J. Powell: Well, I think, Jason, as we continue to see these consumer prices moderate, we do expect our volume to improve continuously over the course of the year. So we are expecting that broadly across the portfolio. We have a number of new products that we're going to be launching, as you know, and the early returns on those is that they're going to be good contributors. So we are expecting our volume in sales trends to improve somewhat in U.S. Retail over the course of the year, and we're very much expecting that to happen.
Donal Leo Mulligan: The other thing I would add, Jason, is that as we talked in the first quarter, we saw a 2% volume growth in Brands on the Go -- or Bakeries & Foodservice, excuse me, offset by some index pricing that will unfold differently. As the year unfolds, that will be additive to sales, but the volume, we feel good about. International has consistently driven low single digit volume growth, did it again in the first quarter, as we said, 8% constant currency growth. And while we focus on pricing in the U.S., I thought we've said back [ph], we still get pricing in international markets, again, more in developed markets than -- in the developing than the developed markets, but we're getting pricing in, so there will be some huge [ph] benefit in international from pricing that we'll see as the year unfolds. So really, what we're talking about is turning our U.S., our old business, from what was negative 4% and 5% growth last year for volume up to flat and slightly positive as the year unfolds.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: One last just housekeeping question. The interest expense was a little bit lighter than I thought this quarter and that's just probably a mathematical error on my part. But it sounds like the balance sheet moved around a little bit post the end of this quarter. Can you update us on your expectation for interest expense for the full year?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. We expect interest expense to be up low single digits, inclusive of, obviously, the acquisition of Yoki. Obviously, we're getting a little benefit from the lower short term rates. And I think that probably everybody is, because we're going to stay low for a while. And you might have seen a touch to that come through in the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. A couple of questions, I guess following up on the Alexia, Andrew, Jason theme. Isn't the fact that the promotion was more aggressive in the first quarter one of the reasons why the core sales were a bit lower and you kind of expect that to moderate and that's what's also going to be a contributor to sales?
Kendall J. Powell: Eric, maybe you clarify a little bit. When you say promotion was more aggressive, I mean, are you talking about category promotion or competitive or how -- what -- I'm not...
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: No, I thought you said, Ken, that you had -- you'd cut back on advertising, which is an SG&A item, but you promoted more aggressively, which limited your net pricing contribution in the fiscal first quarter, right?
Kendall J. Powell: Yes.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, so...
Kendall J. Powell: Well, I mean, what I would say is -- actually, in Yogurt, for instance, we promoted more aggressively in the first quarter. We saw that -- we saw sequential improvement in core movement over the course of the quarter, and we think that those core brands will continue to improve as we get uptake on that activity, and then we'll add new products to that. And we think that, that combination will lead to continued improvement in our yogurt business. In our cereal business, for instance, our merch -- as I said, our merchandising activity was light compared to year ago, and that led to merch volume declines. And so we'll see a more normal level of merchandising in cereal as we go over the -- into the second and third quarters, and that will, we believe, result in strengthening volume in that business. So it's really, Eric, in the first quarter, there were a number of moving parts on that -- on the merchandising front. As we move into the second quarter, we expect solid levels of merchandising, good levels of new products, and that, in combination, is going to lead to stronger unit volume.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Second question. Now that we have all outlet data, theoretically, that's supposed to be a bit better kind of indication on consumption, and yet the -- for, like, U.S. Retail, the IRI Nielsen data actually showed some pretty significant weakness in your business. I got a bunch of calls from investors worried about your results for the quarter based on that. And yet your volume was only down a little bit, a couple of points, much better than I think the IRI Nielsen data showed. What is the difference? Maybe this gets back to Bryan's question initially.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes. Well, I think some of it is just the timing of shipments of new products, and so some pipeline building in the latter few weeks of the quarter. And some of it, I think, Eric, is merchandising pressure across some of our categories in the first quarter, which was not where we wanted it to be. And so we saw a weaker incremental volume for merchandising in those categories. And we expect that to -- we expect that balance to be restored as we move into the second and third quarter.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last question, Don. On Yoki, you had -- so now you've acquired the business, can you give us maybe a little bit more color on the kind of the mix impact from that? When Yoplait was brought in, the mix shift in International segment was a massive negative. How does Yoki impact the segment's mix? And also, is there any adjustment to assumed goodwill and the P&L effect of that with it coming through?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. We'll obviously give more color when we close Q2, when we have a quarter results in our books. But let me give you a little bit of flavor now. As we talked before, Yoki is about $0.5 billion business. It will be in our results for 3 quarters of the year. It does drive a low double-digit operating margin. Now that is on a, if you will, on an operating basis, we will have some depreciation, a step-up -- inventory step-up, some transaction costs this year, some intangible -- a small bit of intangible amortization as well that will be a drag on the results, non-cash drag, but a drag on the reported results. So -- and that, combined with, obviously, the acquisition costs, is what leads to the EPS dilution expectation of $0.02 to $0.03. But from an operating standpoint, you can think about it as a $500 million business that drives low double-digit cash margins for us. As far as kind of within the P&L, as you can imagine, it's the emerging market business, it's delivered margin -- gross margin, excuse me, is lower than our company average, and so you will see some dilution again. We'll give more quantification to that when we release Q2.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And is it -- it's products, I assume. Are they a negative mix driver again in the segment just like Yoplait was?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Negative mix in what respect?
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: In that, I guess, like if you've had, I don't know, a 20% negative mix swing as you've reported international, including Yoplait International?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Of price...
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Price mix.
Donal Leo Mulligan: It's a good question. I don't have an answer off the top on that one. Maybe we'll just follow-up on that one.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: We're seeing, at least anecdotally on shelf, some of your larger competitors in Greek discounting somewhat heavily right now. First of all, is that putting some more pressure on you if you're seeing the same thing? And second, are you doing anything maybe to counter that? I realize you're putting in a lot of new products and so forth. But doesn't that put a little bit more pressure on yours, maybe not -- that not right the really way to look at it, given that you have so many new products on the shelf, and maybe it's -- that'll -- you'll disrupt the category a little bit. I'm just curious how you think about pricing in Greek right now and what's happening?
Kendall J. Powell: So Ken, I think that our expectation for the Greek segment as it really becomes mainstream and there's capacity and scale -- and everybody, we're all kind of focusing on productivity and all the stuff that we do really well. I mean, our expectation is that those prices will come down over time. And I think that we're seeing that. I think that's sort of natural, in a way, almost inevitable. Having said that, we love those typically over $1.00 price points on average for Greek. They look really good to us, especially compared to many other yogurt prices, which are kind of $0.50, $0.60, $0.70. So we like the price point. And we think that now being deeply into it, with multiple product offerings and more to come, we think that's going to be a good business model for us. And whether it's $0.99 or $1.09 or whatever it is, we think we can do just fine with that.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then one more. You dropped advertising and media spending by 7% this year and that was on top of, I think, a 7% increase a year ago. So just using some simple math for a second, your dollar ad spending is essentially flat over the last 2 years, but your sales dollars are up 15% over that same time. I realize it's just one quarter, and you're taking ad spending up again shortly. But still, that's a quarter of the year where you deemphasized ad spending pretty heavily. So is that something maybe we should expect more of going forward? Were you a little more strategic from quarter to quarter in whether you're putting money into deals versus consumer marketing? Or is this sort of a one-off or maybe it just happened to be with the timing of where the new products were?
Kendall J. Powell: Well, there are a lot of moving parts in that question. But look, so let me -- let -- well, but let me -- it's a good question, and I understand the intent behind it. But let me sort of -- let me make a first comment. The sales increases over the last couple of years are largely driven by that kind of inflation-driven pricing. So I just think that it's important to keep that in mind. But stepping back a bit, I think the larger context for us on advertising is that we've increased our levels very, very significantly over the last several years. I think we're up close to 50%. I think some of the tracking services have us now as the largest advertiser in the industry. And we have very, very solid shares of voice in the vast majority of our categories. In many cases, they're increasing. So we're very committed to advertising. It drives our business. But I think, as we've said several times over the last year, I mean, we're -- our goal at these levels is to kind of in line with sales or to be roughly at this level. And you're right. As we enter a period where there's -- the merchandising environment is very dynamic, as we saw in the first quarter this year, we do want to make sure that we're paying very close attention to what we need to do to be in the right value zone in terms of price points and merchandising. I think it's really important for us to do that given the mindset of the consumer these days. So we are going to be making tactical trade-offs there. But I will tell you, having said that, our advertising is and will be at very, very high levels and at very competitive, very strong share of voice. But we want to keep that value component. We want to be focused on that as well and make sure that our products are in the right zone.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Priya Ohri-Gupta with Barclays.
Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Wanted to see if your thought process was still consistent around that increase in the quarter and whether you're planning to term a portion of that out to -- by coming to the markets? And sort of what that percentage of the 1-1 increase could be.
Donal Leo Mulligan: We did see, obviously, a market increase in our commercial paper balance over the term, given that we were prepping for the Yoki acquisition. We do expect to determine out, whether it will be later this calendar year, early next calendar, it's still to be determined. But either way, we are -- we will be in the market sometime during this fiscal year to a fairly sizable amount.
Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Should we assume that the bulk of that gets termed out? Or should we still anticipate some of it gets paid down over the course of this year?
Donal Leo Mulligan: It'll get paid down. It's not only going to be termed down. We will absolutely pay down the debt, a portion of the debt. Again, as we said when we announced Yoki, our plan as we did with Yoplait as we will with Yoki is that we're going to finance this at our normal capital structure mix, which is a combination of cash and debt. And so you'll see the debt being paid down over the course of the year.
Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just lastly, as you think about the M&A environment just broadly, can you speak to what sorts of assets are available at this point in time, and sort of has that number decreased and how are valuations looking?
Donal Leo Mulligan: We considered to be very active in looking. We've obviously done some pretty sizable, and even one not sizable, strategic deals, in terms of our businesses that are at Yoplait, Yoki, which got us a good position in the category and in a certain critical geography. And then with Food Should Taste Good in the U.S., which put us in a very different position in a category and particularly around a channel and a consumer need. So we like what we've done to date. They all helped grow our business in key platforms and certainly help accelerate our business, our growth as well. So we'll continue to look, as we've talked before. Emerging markets is a focus for us. We have a great organically growing business in China. We now have an equally sizable business in Brazil with a similar growth profile. But there are other emerging markets where we have small footprints, India for example, that we'd look to -- will be looking to increase our size. And then in the U.S. and more broadly developed markets, Jon outlined a compelling case for Better-for-you snacking and that's an area that's of intense interest to us and is where we've added some businesses over the last couple of years, and we'll continue to look in that area.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Don, I think you mentioned more pressure coming from the drought on your cost side in the back half of the year. Can I understand, like -- your talk about the cost, I guess, of the 2012 calendar year crop. Does that cost of the crop being higher flow through into your fiscal '14 as well, because you kind of have to wait for next year's crop before you can get kind of a lower cost of grain? And maybe I'm overstating the impact because I know your Grain is only 5% to 10% of your cost. I'm just trying to figure out if the drought will flow through into fiscal '14.
Kendall J. Powell: It's a good question, Robert, and I'll give you some thoughts, and I think Don wants to jump in as well. And I think the short answer now is, it's something that we have to be thinking about, because we will -- with the drought, in grains like, clearly, corn, we'll exit the year with very low stocks, and so very low stocks which signal that even more volatility than usual in the corn crop depending on how it starts to develop. But it's too early to say. I mean, we kind of have to see how things go around the world and just how the harvest begins to build develop as we go into F '14. But we will be -- we'll have to watch that very, very closely. Don, I don't know if you would add anything to that.
Donal Leo Mulligan: I would just -- as I mentioned, we had 75% coverage this year, so to the extent we have an impact, as I mentioned, it will be as the year unfolds in the back part of the year, which is putting a little bit of pressure on that part of the year but within the range that we anticipated. And obviously, we're not going to give F '14 guidance, but I think that Ken touched on a couple of the dynamics that we contemplate. The only thing I want to jump in is Rob, thank you for remembering it's 5% to 10% of our inputs. That's usually something I have to remind the market of.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Let me ask a quick follow-up, if I could. Meals are up, I think, only 2%, but Progresso was up much more than that. Can you talk about what's down in meals and when do you think you'll lap those comparisons?
Kendall J. Powell: So soup, as you said, we had a very strong start to the year in soup. I mean, we've got a good proposition there with very good innovation and very good marketing, and so we have good momentum there. Mexican food is progressing, is doing okay. Our issue is skillet meals, helpers, which are down right now. And we think we know what we have to do to correct what's happening in that business. And that's an issue of the right value for the consumer and the right marketing message. And we don't think we're all the way too bright, frankly, on either one of those things right now. But we think we know what we have to do to stabilize and restore momentum on that business and, obviously, that's something that we're going to be focusing on here as we move into the balance of the year.
Kristen Smith Wenker: We are up to time at this point, so I think I'll just say, those of you who are in queue, I'm sorry we didn't get to you. If I can be of help, please give me a call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-06-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kristen Smith Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations Donal Leo Mulligan - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Kendall J. Powell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the fourth quarter F '12 full year results conference call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, June 27, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kris Wenker, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kristen Smith Wenker: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. I'm here with Ken Powell, our CEO; and Don Mulligan, our CFO, who will discuss our fiscal 2012 results and our outlook for the new fiscal year in just a minute. First, I'll do my usual housekeeping. Our press release was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It's also posted on our website if you still need a copy. We've posted slides on the website, too, to supplement today's prepared remarks. These remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. And the second slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I'll turn you over to Don.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Thanks, Kris, and hello, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning. As you’ve seen in our press release, we posted solid results in the fourth quarter. Slide 4 gives you a summary. Sales totaled $4.1 billion, up 12%. Segment operating profit was $737 million, a 9% increase versus last year. Net earnings attributable to General Mills totaled $325 million. And diluted earnings per share were $0.49, as reported. Excluding changes in the mark-to-market valuations of certain commodity positions, integration expenses from the international Yoplait acquisition and the restructuring charges we announced at the end of last month, adjusted diluted EPS totaled $0.60, up 15% year-over-year. Slide 5 summarizes operating highlights for the quarter. Net sales increased 3% excluding acquisitions, and all 3 of our business segments posted gains. Gross margin declined 140 basis points, excluding mark-to-market effects. This was an improvement from results through the first 9 months. The addition of Yoplait International to our business mix accounted for roughly 1/2 of the fourth quarter decline. Our media investment increased 11% in the quarter. And segment operating profit rose 9% with strong contributions from our International businesses and a 4% gain for our U.S. Retail business. With this good fourth quarter finish, our annual results were consistent with revised guidance we provided in February. Slide 6 summarizes our results for 2012 in total. Sales grew 12% to $16.7 billion, led by the addition of Yoplait International and strong net price realization on our base business. Segment operating profit increased 2%, exceeding $3 billion for the first time in company history. This included input cost inflation of more than 10% along with an 8% increase in worldwide advertising expense. Diluted earnings per share declined 13% as reported. Adjusted diluted EPS, excluding certain items affecting comparability, reached $2.56, up 3% from last year. Results for our U.S. Retail segment reflected the challenged operating environment for food manufacturers in 2012. U.S. Retail net sales increased 3%, but segment operating profit was 2% below year-ago levels due to inflation, volume declines and a 5% increase in media investment. Our Bakeries and Foodservice business posted another year of solid top line growth. Sales increased 8% in 2012 with modest volume growth and strong net price realization both contributing to this increase. This performance is well ahead of the industry. And as you can see on Slide 8, we posted good growth across our key channels and brands. Operating profit for this segment declined as expected due to sharp input cost inflation and comparisons against record grain merchandising earnings last year. Our International segment delivered another year of strong performance. Net sales and segment operating profit both increased nearly 50%, reflecting good contributions from our international Yoplait acquisition and growth in our base business. These good results included balanced growth across both developed and emerging markets. For example, in Western Europe, net sales for our base business increased 6% in constant currency. And in China, constant currency sales grew 22% for the year to reach $550 million, led by Häagen-Dazs and our line of Wanchai Ferry frozen dim sum items. And we are very pleased with the results of the Yoplait International yogurt business acquired last July. In our 3 largest markets, France, the U.K. and Canada, we delivered sales growth and market share gains, including 1 full point of share gain in France and nearly 3 points of share growth by our Liberté brand in Canada. In 2012, our global media expense increased 8% to exceed $900 million. This includes higher levels of investments in our core developed markets and media support behind our International businesses, including Yoplait. We increased our investment in targeted media vehicles like digital and multicultural. Based on measured media spending tracked by Kantar, we rank as the top U.S. advertiser among all food and beverage companies over the last 12 months. Slide 11 summarizes our 2012 joint venture performance. Net sales for Cereal Partners Worldwide increased 5% in constant currency basis, led by mid-single-digit growth in developed markets like the U.K. and Australia and double-digit growth in the emerging markets in Asia and Latin America. For the year, we maintained our 23% value market share. CPW earnings declined in 2012, reflecting a onetime adjustment to tax reserve related to prior years, higher input cost and expenses for new manufacturing capacity in emerging markets, including Malaysia, Turkey, South Africa and Brazil. In Japan, constant currency sales for Häagen-Dazs increased at a mid-single-digit rate, but earnings were below year-ago levels. This is expected, given the difficult economic environment in Japan following the earthquakes and tsunami a year ago. That being said, this business finished the year a bit ahead of our plans. Turning to the balance sheet. Slide 12 shows the components of core working capital. In a year where net sales increased 12%, our core working capital declined 7% as our focus on inventory reduction will improve working capital efficiency. Increased levels of accounts receivable and accounts payable, primarily from the Yoplait acquisition, were largely offsetting. Cash flow from operations totaled $2.4 billion, and this was after a $200 million voluntary cash contribution to our pension plan. This strong cash flow funded $676 million in capital spending. We invested in new manufacturing capacity in our snacks, cereal and yogurt businesses, and we funded multiple cost-savings projects across the company. We returned $1.1 billion of cash to shareholders, including a 9% increase in our dividend. And our strong profit growth and cash flow allowed us to fund 3 acquisitions and take on additional $544 million in debt while maintaining our credit rating. Last month, we announced a restructuring program designed to improve our organizational effectiveness and alignment on our key growth strategies. We recorded a $101 million pretax charge in the fourth quarter, which we've excluded from adjusted diluted earnings per share. We expect to record an additional $19 million in pretax expense in fiscal 2013. We're estimating $75 million in annualized cost savings from this restructuring plan. In fiscal 2013, we realized the majority of these savings, roughly 80% of the full amount, which we reinvested to support our key growth strategies and to accelerate innovation across General Mills' global business platforms. In our U.S. yogurt business, we're launching 35 new items the first half of 2013. That's 3x the number in last year's first half. They were supporting our 2013 product news with increased levels of marketing investment and merchandising support. We're also investing to accelerate development for certain international businesses, including support for the Canadian Yoplait yogurt business we'll acquire in September and investment in emerging markets, particularly in China. So let me outline more fully our fiscal 2013 plans, which call for another year of good sales and earnings growth for General Mills. We're targeting mid-single-digit sales growth. That includes good contributions from acquired business: Yoplait Canada, Yoplait Ireland, Food Should Taste Good, Parampara food products and 2 incremental months of Yoplait International. We also expect volume and sales growth on our base business. Input cost inflation is expected to run at a 2% to 3% rate. We expect to offset this inflation with supply chain productivity savings. We expect segment operating profit to grow slightly faster than sales with advertising and media support at or above this year's $914 million level. Our 2013 plan also includes reinvestments. As I mentioned earlier, the 3 key areas are our U.S. yogurt business; the Canadian Yoplait business we'll be assuming control of on September 1; and emerging market development. These investments total roughly $100 million pretax. In addition, we expect pension expense and tax rate to be headwinds for us in 2013. The funded status of our qualified pension plans remains fairly healthy. Despite historically low interest and discount rates, we finished fiscal 2012 94% funded. In fiscal 2013, several changes will affect the calculation of our pension expenses: first, the discount rate we're required to use is 60 basis points below year-ago levels at a historically low 4.85%. In addition, we are lowering a rate of return assumption from 9.6% to 8.6%. This is a reflection of the lower equity market performance over the last decade and our view of long-term future market prospects. Along with various other smaller factors, these changes impact pension expense by $0.06 per share. Slide 17 provides a summary of our earnings guidance for 2013 before any contribution from the Yoki acquisition in Brazil. We expect mid-single-digit growth in net sales. We see sales and volume growth trends for the base business weighted toward the second half of the year. Underlying gross margins are projected to improve modestly from 2012 levels. We expect our media investment to at least match last year's strong level of investments. We project our operating profit will grow at a mid-single-digit rate. We're assuming an effective tax rate of 33%. This is higher than 2012, which benefited primarily from a onetime adjustment in our tax reserve, but is in line with recent years' average rate. And we expect joint venture earnings to grow at a double-digit rate. In terms of phasing, we expect first quarter earnings per share to be below last year with growth across the remaining 9 months of the year. At the end of May, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire Yoki Alimentos, a family-owned food business in Brazil. We expect the transaction will close during the first half of fiscal 2013. Yoki's 4 largest businesses, popcorn, basic foods, seasonings and side dishes, are growing at a double-digit rate in recent years and hold leading share positions. In fiscal 2011, Yoki reported IFRS sales of roughly $550 million with EBIT margins in the low double-digit range. We expect Yoki to contribute nicely to sales and operating profit in 2013. That will be offset by onetime transaction costs, incremental amortization expense and funding costs, so we're estimating a roughly $0.02 to $0.03 drag to adjusted diluted EPS in 2013 from the partial-year impact of Yoki. On an annualized basis, the addition of Yoki will roughly double our sales in Latin America and significantly increase our scale in Brazil. We'll gain an extensive supply chain network and a national sales force. We're very excited to add Yoki's people and products to our company. As you can see on Slide 19, we expect adjusted diluted earnings per share of roughly $2.65 in fiscal 2013. This includes the $0.06 of additional pension expense, a $0.02 hit from the higher tax rate and a $0.02 to $0.03 drag from the anticipated Yoki acquisition. Our adjusted EPS excludes onetime integration costs, mark-to-market effects and restructuring charges. We expect to couple good sales and profit growth in 2013 with increased cash return to shareholders, inclusive of the Yoki acquisition. Yesterday, we announced an 8% dividend increase to a new annualized rate of $1.32 per share. This represents a roughly 3.5% yield at recent stock prices. And we're planning a higher level of share repurchase activity than in 2012. So share repurchases are expected to contribute to EPS growth in fiscal 2013. We believe our operating plans for 2013 are quite strong. We have high levels of innovation planned across our core product portfolio. We'll have good contributions from recently acquired businesses. Sales and operating profits are expected to grow at mid-single-digit rate, and that's before any contribution from Yoki. To tell you more about our plans for next year, I'll now turn the call over to Ken.
Kendall J. Powell: Thank you, Don, and good morning to everyone, and thank you for calling in. As you all know, the last 12 months was a challenging period for the food industry. Input costs increased at the highest rate in over 3 decades, and the pace of economic recovery around the world remains slow at best. As we move into fiscal 2013, we expect slow economic growth to continue, and we think the packaged foods business will remain very competitive. The restructuring program we announced last month will better align and focus resources against our best opportunities for growth, accelerate our innovation efforts and make General Mills a more efficient organization. It will generate savings we will invest back in our businesses and enable us to deliver a balanced plan for growth across our global platforms. And I want to tell you a bit more about this initiative. In our U.S. Retail segment that reports to Ian Friendly, we're strengthening our alignment and focus by creating 3 new divisions. Our new Meals division will be solely focused on our key center store meal items: Progresso soup, Helper dinner mixes, Old El Paso Mexican foods and Betty Crocker side dishes. This alignment allows us to increase our emphasis on these important brands and to strengthen their growth. The new Frozen Foods division combines our frozen entrées, Totino's pizza, Totino's hot snacks, Pillsbury breakfast pastries and Green Giant items. This division focus will better leverage our frozen foods' scale and consumer insights in order to increase our executional capability, and it will allow us to more effectively partner with our customers in this important and growing section of the grocery store. And finally, we've combined our baking expertise across Pillsbury refrigerated dough and Betty Crocker dessert mixes to create a new Baking Products division. With many complementary products from shelf-stable mixes to refrigerated ready-to-bake items, we will more efficiently serve the baking consumer moving forward. Now our Big G snacks, Yoplait and Small Planet Foods division already have good category focus, and they remain unchanged. Jim Murphy has assumed leadership of Big G, as Jeff Harmening has moved to become CEO of Cereal Partners Worldwide. Christi Strauss, who led CPW for the last 6 years, is currently on sabbatical. In our International segment that reports to Chris O'Leary, we are creating a new regional operating structure to maximize growth in developed markets and drive differential growth in emerging markets. We're creating a new Europe Australasia region focused on driving developed market growth. The other regions are Canada, the Latin America region, the Greater China Region and a region combining Asia, the Middle East and Africa. And we'll also have 2 strategic business units designed to centralize and coordinate growth strategies for our 2 biggest global brands: Yoplait and Häagen-Dazs. This new structure will allow us to generate cost efficiencies across our international operations that will help fund business development around the world. In Bakeries and Foodservice, our business realignment began several years ago. By focusing on the fastest-growing customer segments and higher-margin product lines, we've grown sales and profits, and we've expanded operating margins by several hundred basis points. So we're going to stick with this strategic approach moving forward. John Machuzick, who led the transformation of this business, is retiring in August after a highly distinguished 34-year career with General Mills. He will be succeeded by Dave Dudick, who most recently led our U.S. channel sales team focused on supercenter, club and alternate format customers. Our restructuring program is truly a company-wide initiative. Across every function, we've identified opportunities to reduce duplication and centralize capabilities, making us a more efficient and a more cost-effective organization. Savings from these restructuring actions will accelerate our investment in strategies to drive future growth, and I'm very confident that these changes will lead to continued strong operating results for General Mills. Our strategies for growth are focused on 5 global categories: ready-to-eat cereal, super-premium ice cream, convenient meals, wholesome snack bars and yogurt. Euromonitor data shows that these are big categories, projected to grow at mid- to single-digit rates in the years ahead, and innovation plays a key role in driving global category growth. So I want to share our plans for growth on each of these platforms, beginning with our newest global business, yogurt. The international Yoplait business we acquired last July delivered strong results in 2012, and we've got plans for continued international yogurt growth in 2013. In France, we're launching new varieties of Calin, a functional yogurt high in calcium. We're expanding Calin to the U.K. market with a 3-item launch. We're supporting both new and established yogurt products with higher levels of advertising. And we've expanded our European yogurt business by reacquiring the Ireland Yoplait license. Retail sales of Yoplait in Ireland totaled $65 million in the last 12 months. In Canada, we expect to increase household penetration for our Liberté brand through distribution gains and new flavors of core Greek and Mediterranean product lines and expansion into drinkable and kid varieties. And reacquiring control of the Yoplait business this fall will also significantly increase our scale. Together, Liberté and Yoplait account for roughly 35% of total Canadian yogurt market sales. In the U.S., we are innovating across multiple segments of the yogurt category. We are the market leader in the light segment. And we're launching a lower-calorie Greek offering, new Yoplait Greek 100-calorie yogurt. And we're bringing product news to Yoplait Light. It's now just 90 calories per cup. And both of these items are the only Weight-Watchers-endorsed products in the category. We have increased levels of advertising planned on our kid yogurt business. We're expanding our regional Mountain High large-size business to a national offering. And today, large-size yogurt represents 9% of category sales. We are launching Yoplait Simplait, a line of great-tasting, all-natural yogurts with just 6 simple ingredients. And we're also launching Yoplait Fruplait with twice the fruit. And our U.S. yogurt innovation extends beyond the Yoplait brand. Liberté is a leading player in Canada's fast-emerging Greek segment. We're bringing this great-tasting product to the U.S. with a 6-item launch. The regional rollout begins this summer. We're also increasing distribution of Liberté Méditerranée, a highly indulgent yogurt available in 7 varieties, including coconut and French vanilla. We believe this strong innovation lineup will renew sales growth for our U.S. yogurt business in fiscal 2013. And we will share more details of our yogurt plan at our New York meeting on July 10. Let me turn to ice cream. Our Häagen-Dazs business had a terrific year in 2012 with constant currency sales up 16%, and we look to continue that momentum in 2013. We are planning to open roughly 80 additional shops this year, including 50 in China. The launch of Secret Sensations was a big success last year, and in 2013, we're adding a new meringue and raspberry flavor, and we're launching this line to additional markets in Europe, Asia and South America. We're also adding flavors to our core Häagen-Dazs product line and rolling out a new package design. And we expect to increase our media investments at a double-digit pace behind our global advertising campaign. Convenient meals are important for today's busy consumers, and we have strong growth plans in place for our brands in 2013. In the U.S., our Progresso Recipe Starters are easy base sauces to use in a wide range of recipes. We're expanding our Hamburger Helper business with new package sizes that are perfect for club stores and dollar stores. In Europe, we'll drive growth on our Old El Paso business through improved advertising, in-store displays and the expansion of recent new products to new markets. And we'll continue to add new products and new cities for our Wanchai Ferry business in Greater China. Now let's turn to wholesome snack bars. In the U.S., we've led the growth of the grain bar category for several years, including nearly 5 points of share growth in 2012 alone. And we've got a strong lineup of new items in 2013. We are expanding our Fiber One franchise with the launch of Fiber One Chewy Bars, and we're building on last year's highly successful Fiber One Brownies with a new flavor and a new package size. We expect continued growth for Nature Valley Protein Bars launched last January, and we're adding a dark chocolate and peanut butter crunchy bar variety. We are targeting another year of growth for LÄRABAR, and we’re launching Über bars in away-from-home channels along with new Gardetto's snack crackers and additional varieties of Betty Crocker Sweet Rewards bars. Wholesome snack bars are a hit in markets around the world, and we've got strong plans for international growth in 2013. In Canada, we're bringing innovation to the category with Fiber One 110 Calorie Brownies and Nature Valley granola Thins. In Europe, we're expanding our Nature Valley franchise with the launch of a new Sweet & Nutty product line. Nature Valley also will be an official product sponsor of the Olympic Games in London next month. Our largest global business is cereal. In the U.S., we posted market share gains in each of the last 5 years, exceeding a 31% dollar share across all channels in 2012. And we have a strong growth plan for our U.S. cereal business in 2013. Peanut Butter MultiGrain Cheerios, launched in January, continues to perform very well. It's the biggest new cereal among the 25 items launched in the category since January. We've just introduced gluten-free Apple Cinnamon Chex. New Fiber One Nutty Clusters & Almonds is a great-tasting cereal that delivers 40% of a consumer's daily value for fiber. And we've added Cascadian Farm Ancient Grains Granola to our line of Cascadian Farm organic cereals. We've also got news on established cereal brands. We'll remind consumers that all Big G cereals contain more whole grain than any other single ingredient, that original Cheerios provide heart health benefit and that several varieties of Chex cereals are gluten-free. We're bringing innovation to our international cereal businesses as well. In Canada, we've increased our cereal market share by 5.5 points over the last 5 years, reaching nearly a 30% share of the category in 2012. Outside North America, Cereal Partners Worldwide will increase marketing investment against each of its core brands: Cheerios, Nesquik, Chocapic and Fitness. CPW has some great-tasting new products, too, including Fitness White Chocolate and Chocapic Pillows. So as we look to fiscal 2013 and beyond, we see the prospects for General Mills as very bright. Our 5 global product categories deliver foods that are convenient, nutritious and they taste great, all at good value. These 5 platforms account for over 60% of our worldwide sales, and they have terrific growth prospects. And our brands hold leading positions in these large and growing global categories. So we really like the prospects for increasing our sales, earnings and market share positions in these categories in the years ahead. We’re continuing our evolution into a truly global food company. 10 years ago, just 5% of General Mills' sales were generated outside of the U.S., and most of that business was in Canada. Today, half of all General Mills' employees work outside the U.S., and we sell our products in over 100 countries. Including our proportionate share of joint ventures, international net sales now exceed $5 billion and represent over 30% of General Mills' total worldwide sales. Now, while we are pleased with our progress in international markets, we remain very committed to driving growth in our core U.S. market. And with increased levels of investments in our U.S. yogurt business and a very strong lineup of product news and innovation across our domestic portfolio, we like our U.S. growth prospects moving forward. We enter 2013 confident that we are positioned for another year of balanced growth at General Mills. We're investing to keep our established brands healthy and to launch new products in both developed and emerging markets. We'll make investments to ensure our products are competitive and investments to fuel our global growth. We believe our 2013 targets strike the right balance between sales and profit growth in the current year and reinvestment to support our longer-term progress. I'll wrap this up -- I'll wrap up this morning by reminding you about our investor meeting in New York on Tuesday, July 10, where we will discuss our plans for 2013 in more detail. Presentations will begin at 10 a.m. Eastern Time, and they will also be webcast. So I'd like to thank all of you for joining us on the call today and for your interest in General Mills. With that, we will open the call for questions. Operator, would you please get us the first question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So when we think about the need to -- or the desire to accelerate your international investments, whether in China or in other markets, clearly, this is going to be a multi-year process. Does this have the potential to weigh on your ability to generate high single-digit EPS growth over the next several years? Does the commitment to increase scale outside the U.S. imply that the company's sustainable EPS growth over the midterm could or potentially should be below your long-term targets?
Donal Leo Mulligan: No.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And I guess when you think about the acceleration in international investments, is this -- does this really mark sort of a structural step-up in how you're thinking about allocating your spending across the different regions? Or is this sort of -- is 2013 going to be a more focused year of increased investment?
Donal Leo Mulligan: I wouldn't -- I would say that as we look at emerging markets -- well, let me step back and just say 2 things. First off, when we think about growing our business, first order of business is ensure that we have a very strong base business, whether that is here in the U.S., Canada, Europe. And you saw those results this year with Europe, for example, showing mid-single-digit base business sales growth. And so that's always job one, is to make sure that we have a very vibrant base business. Then where we see incremental opportunities is in international, particularly in emerging markets. We have a fabulous business in China that's growing over 20% this year. We're augmenting that with obviously an acquisition -- a soon-to-be acquisition in Brazil. But also on an organic basis, we're plotting back several earnings growth to accelerate even faster in China, for example, and we've done that for the last 3 to 4 years. And while we've done that, you still see that International has grown quite nicely on both the top and bottom line. So this isn't a change of direction. We've been trying to be pretty transparent about that over the last few years that we've been putting additional money back into those markets because we see a long-term growth potential.
Kendall J. Powell: The only thing that I would add to that, Matt, is I would say we don't have a target percentage of international business that we're chasing. We want to do this in a thoughtful and strategic way. Obviously, we're buying businesses that we think fit very well within our capability where we can add value and that will create value for us over the long term. This year was interesting because we had a couple of significant opportunities with Yoplait International at the beginning of the year and Yoki at the end, but -- I mean, this is -- you can't always predict how these things will fall, but -- and in both cases, clearly, both acquisitions, I think, fit very well within our product categories and the things that we're good at, and we're going to use those to create value for shareholders over the long term.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And very quick follow-up. Just with respect to the 2015 targets that you've outlined in the past, are you still committed to those?
Kendall J. Powell: We are. We are committed to those. We think that certainly when you include the businesses we've acquired over the last few years, I think it’s -- we're probably nicely ahead of the top line and operating profit goals on those targets. And we think we're in the hunt on EPS as well, so we're still very committed to those targets.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I have a couple of questions. I guess just some details first. Don, you included some what looked like onetime transaction costs in the dilution from Yoki. Can you give us a sense as to how much onetime costs you're looking within that $0.02 to $0.03 of dilution?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, the transaction will be about $0.01.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then on the pension accounting assumptions, I feel like I've been screaming in the wilderness, but a couple of your peers have -- with fiscal years close to yours have made some adjustments to the accounting, which were kind of favorable to their growth. Why didn't you do that?
Donal Leo Mulligan: A couple of reasons. The major one is consistency, both with our historical results and what is still, I think, the norm for most of our peer set. And then the other one is transparency, and the information you need to see what our results would look like with different accounting treatments or reporting treatments is readily available in our Qs and Ks. So if someone wants to take a different look at our pension, we have the information there for them to do that. Plus, as you saw on the call today, we highlight when there's a material movement in the pension expense. So it's really about consistency and transparency, and we're quite satisfied with our accounting and reporting treatment.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess to you -- to Ken, I thought you laid out a good view of the upcoming year. But one thing that's been a little bit different, I guess, in terms of the board and your signaling is that with the Yoki acquisition, despite spending about $1 billion on this, you've now kind of committed to buying back stock where, for example, with the Yoplait deal, you suspended that. Is that kind of a signal of your and the board's view of the valuation of the stock? Or just maybe you could kind of explain the use of capital in that regard.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, Eric, I'll take that one. And we -- clearly looking at the stock price today, I think you'd look at our results at any kind of multiple whether it's cash flow earnings versus historical measures, and we think we're undervalued, and that certainly plays into our consideration of how we use our capital per share versus acquisition funding.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last thing, sorry for this, I guess there's some concern over the volume performance in the last quarter, and obviously, as you well know, there's been incredible focus on yogurt. Can you care to say what the volumes were if you pulled out what's happening in yogurt? Because you seem to be gaining share and doing pretty well across every other part of the business, and I'm kind of wondering, does the 7% volume drop in the last quarter -- is that mostly tied to yogurt and everything else is doing pretty well? And I'll pass it on.
Kendall J. Powell: Well, I mean -- the answer would generally, Eric, would be yes. I mean, yogurt has been a drag this year. And if you look at the -- if you just look at market share, for instance, for U.S. Retail with and without yogurt, I mean, if you back yogurt out, I think our share was flat to slightly above in aggregate across the rest of those categories. So there are some other factors in there. But in general, I think your premise is correct. And with all of the innovation and renovation that we have on our yogurt business as we entered the first quarter this year, work both on our core product line with very good marketing initiatives and new products that we feel are quite good. Obviously, we're committed to reversing that and getting unit and sales growth in our yogurt business this year, and we think we have a good chance to do that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two questions. One, just in terms of the process you've gone through in terms of business realignment. Can you just talk through, I guess, first, as far as you see it today, is that process complete, meaning you've made some adjustments to how you're viewing the world and what you need to do to source incremental growth going forward and you feel comfortable that this process is done? Or do you think it's -- there's still kind of more of an ongoing -- more events to come in terms of realignment?
Kendall J. Powell: Well, this process is done. But as you know, as a company, we have an ongoing very high focus on margin-expanding activities under the HMM grouping. We're very focused on continuous improvement. And so, as you said, while this restructuring, which is based on our look going forward of inflation and the environment, while this particular reorganization process is done, we remain very highly committed to these HMM processes. And in fact, we're going to have a very -- in addition to this restructuring that we've just completed, we will have a very strong level of HMM in the plan next year, both in the U.S. and increasingly on the international side where we just are seeing more and stronger engagement with those HMM disciplines.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-up. In terms of your revenue outlook for 2013, this is more, I think, just a U.S. -- a question about the U.S. If you could give any color at all in terms of your view on price-volume mix expectations, and I guess what I'm really interested in is, given the volume weakness really across the industry, is there any expectation in your view that either for your own plan or for the industry that there's some reinvestment in price or promotion in order to drive volume?
Kendall J. Powell: So let me give you a couple of thoughts. First of all, our volume growth assumption in -- we're confident about our volume growth assumption in U.S. Retail, which basically assumes a continuing good level of volume growth in our -- in all of our snack businesses, which have been very strong and would include products like LÄRABAR, Nature Valley, Fiber One. So those products have very strong momentum, and they're going to contribute to growth. We also have very strong initiatives in our yogurt business, and that will contribute as well to units. And then we have, we think, very, very prudent and reasonable volume assumptions on some of our bigger, more established categories like cereal, and we think the mix, all-in, is very prudent. On the merchandising side, as we said, we took a lot of pricing last year. We got it mostly right. Going forward, we're going to be adding some merchandising selectively in selective categories and product lines, just to make sure that they are competitive and, as we say, in the zone. We typically do that anyway, and following very substantial amount of price increases this year, we're going to be doing that again as we go into 2013, just to make sure that we have that value equation right everywhere. And it's important for us to do that. We constantly monitor the value. We're not looking at necessarily a price point. We're looking to be in a zone and -- that will allow our marketing programs and our consumer promotion programs to be as effective as they can be. So we'll be doing some of that as well.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Bryan, the only color I would add -- Bryan, the only color I'd add a little bit further is just in terms of phasing. We do expect volumes to grow over the course of the year, to be relatively flat in the early -- in the first quarter and then begin building as we come out of the negative trends we've seen through F '12.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I'd like to ask you in relation to the sales growth guidance, I think you had said, Don, it does not include the Yoki acquisition. What else would it include? Would it include a couple months of Yoplait from last year? Would also -- would it include the Yoplait licenses that you are reacquiring?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, I'm glad you asked. Let me just -- let me run through because there are quite a number of them, and that's worth about 2 to 3 points in our top line. So there's the 2 months of the Yoplait International business that we bought last July that are incremental to 2013. There are 9 months of Yoplait Canada. We'll take over that business on September 1. There's 10 months of Food Should Taste Good, which we acquired in the fourth quarter of fiscal '12, 10 additional months. There's roughly 11 additional months or incremental months of Yoplait Ireland that we acquired in May. And then there's virtually a full year of Parampara, the small business that we bought in India. So those 5 businesses in those months I listed are all going to be incremental, '13 versus '12. That all excludes, of course, Yoki, which we'll provide some guidance on when we actually close it.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So I think you just indicated, about a -- call it a 2-percentage point benefit overall to the sales from those -- all those factors or a little more than that?
Donal Leo Mulligan: About 2 to 3 points.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, and that's in relation to the mid-single-digit sales growth that you're giving for the year then?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Correct. That's right.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So I guess what I'm trying to understand then is the underlying sales growth guidance, let's just call it kind of roughly 3%, I'm just trying to understand what's embedded within that expectation. Is it -- so are you going to have some follow-through pricing still coming through? I'm just really trying to work up to volumes and trying to get a sense of what you expect on the volume front. Do you expect that to turn pretty meaningfully into, say, second and third quarter to a positive?
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, so some of it is as you said, Chris. There'll be some be carryforward pricing that comes in. And then the rest of it is really what I said in the -- in trying to reply to the previous question, which is modest volume assumptions for some of our big core categories and then continuing pretty good volume growth in that healthy snacking area where we have very strong momentum and very -- another year of very good innovations, so that would be all the healthy snacking, many of the Small Planet Food product lines. So we're expecting good growth there and some growth, unit growth, in Yoplait in the U.S. So it would be those components that would give -- lead us to the volume growth in the U.S.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Right. And for the full year, that underlying sales growth will be a mix of volume and price mix. And the volume, as I mentioned, will build as the year unfolds.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Right, okay. And then just a follow-up, if I could. In relation to the guidance for marketing to be flat to up, I guess I want to understand, that's on, I guess, a constant-currency basis or is that on a reported basis? Again, given all the new products you have, and you’ve even highlighted some areas of investment you want to make, I guess I thought it would have been up a little more than that. I want to make sure I’m understanding the number correctly, though.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes. Well, we're starting with a very, very high base. I mean, we have really, really increased investments here continuously over the last 5 or 6 years. So I think Don may have said, we're the largest consumer foods advertiser in the U.S. now. So it's a good base, Chris. And we think it'll probably up close to sort of low single digits. But I think at this point, we'll just say at that level or maybe a bit more. It's a substantial amount, and we've got plenty of advertising to fuel our growth in the plan.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a couple of quick things. One, just following up a little bit on Chris. You talked about some of incremental investments totaling around $100 million in fiscal '13 and with media spending being up a bit off of an already high base, I'm just trying to get a sense of where that incremental $100 million is going. Is a lot of that the sort of merchandising activity you've talked about a little bit to make sure you're, I think as you put it, kind of in the zone on certain sort of price ranges and such? Just maybe a little more clarity on where that spending is going would be helpful.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, there's really 3 areas as I think I noted. There's Yoplait U.S. where we have product launches, 35 new items in the first half of the year, and so we're advertising behind that. There's also merchandising programs behind that.
Kristen Smith Wenker: So introductory trade spending is definitely a piece.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, correct. And the second is Yoplait Canada. As we reacquire that business, there's going to be some investment to bring that in. And then the third area, as I mentioned, was the emerging markets, particularly in China, where for the last few years we have put additional investment behind it and rolled back some of the earnings to accelerate growth.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. And then I think when you originally announced the Yoplait International acquisition, you said there would be about $0.01 of dilution in fiscal '12 and then some level of accretion thereafter. Is that still coming through the way you expect it and any way to help quantify what that helps you in fiscal '13?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, the Yoplait acquisition is performing at least as well, if not a touch better, than we anticipated a year ago. I mentioned some of the top line results, but the bottom line has been just as encouraging. So the guidance we gave last year in terms of the EPS flow would be consistent.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it, okay. And then the last thing would be the repurchase or the buying of the Canadian franchise, and then I was just -- to a smaller extent, Ireland. Are there -- I mean, to the extent you can talk about it, are there other, let's call it, Canada-like or more sizable Yoplait franchises sort of out there that either the timing of the agreement comes up over the course of the next year or so or where it may make sense to kind of go ahead and buy out the franchisee? How likely are we perhaps to see some other things like this that are somewhat more sizable like Canada in the near to intermediate term?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, there's -- Yoplait, we have licensees across some 70 markets. In many of those, we have existing General Mills operations. We'll continue to analyze those just as we did in Ireland and in Canada. I don't have any news to announce today in terms of what our next step would be, but that is part of the integration of the business is to evaluate each of those relationships and determine if it's best with the current licensee or part of our wholly owned family.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Greg Hessler with the Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: You indicated in the press release that on the Yoki transaction, you're going to fund that with cash, a combination of cash and commercial paper. Can you tell us about the breakdown there? And just given where rates are today, might we see you in kind of the longer-term bond market?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. Greg, thanks for coming on the call. I like it when the debt capital market guys get involved as well. We are -- the initial funding obviously will be with commercial paper, and then over the year, we'll pay that commercial paper down with our cash flow. And we will likely be in the market -- we have a maturity coming up in February of next year. And so the combination of that and the commercial paper balance will probably bring us into the market at some point later this calendar year. One thing I will mention, just to build on that and just take advantage of the question, as I mentioned earlier, our view on our shares and our share buyback activity will be higher this year than last year. But I also want to just reaffirm that our credit metrics are very important to us. And as we pay down some of the debt we take on for Yoki, our intent is absolutely to get back to the credit metrics that we're carrying today.
Gregory Hessler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, appreciate that. And then maybe just one follow-up. As you look at your capital structure as it stands today, I mean, is there a particular tenor, whether it be 5 years, 10 years, 30 years that you might look to when you do come to market?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, in today's environment, longer is obviously better, given where the curve is. But actually, our maturity ladder is pretty well dispersed, so there's not necessarily individual pockets that I would highlight today. We'll make that determination as we get closer to going to market.
Operator: And our next question comes from line of David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Want to follow up a little bit here on the bridge for F '13. So I appreciate the reconciliation on the top line guidance, that it does include some of the acquisitions. The approximately 5% to 7% segment profit growth, I would assume that there is also the flow-through from the, what did you say, about 3 points from those carry -- the acquisition carryover into F '13 that will also go in to drive your slightly better than the mid-single-digit sales growth for segment op growth. So assuming I'm still right there, then a couple of points here. The diluted -- sorry, the share repurchase, you normally do 2% of diluted shares outstanding. Is that your intention for F '13?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Okay. Dave, this is Don. I'll take that one. There were several questions rolled in there.
Kendall J. Powell: What are the questions?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, let me just clarify something. You said SOP growth of 5% to 7%. We didn't say 5% to 7%. We said mid-single digits, just to clarify that. Within that, clearly, is going to be some benefit from the acquisitions, the most material one would be the Yoplait International, the extra 2 months. And I wouldn't quantify beyond that. And as far as share, we always said that we are going to have -- reduce shares that will contribute to EPS, even after the Yoki acquisition. So that will play a role in our EPS growth.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: But you won't say that it's 2% of diluted shares outstanding?
Donal Leo Mulligan: No.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And Ken, sorry for the rambling of my statements here, but it's difficult to reconcile everything that you've got here because there's pieces missing. If we don't know diluted shares and then you blend it in...
Kendall J. Powell: We understand there are a lot of moving parts here, so...
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, I know. I apologize here. I'm trying to be as clear as I can. The realignment is -- that relates to the 850 workers that you've reduced in the force. And I want to just make sure that's not part of ongoing HMM.
Kendall J. Powell: That's correct. And the realignment that I focused on in my remarks, David, really, the focus there was on the 3 segments. So I made some comments on U.S. Retail and International and Foodservice. There were other elements to the restructuring that we did that I didn't comment on. I mean, I commented on it generically, but -- so for instance, we did some very good work in our R&D organization that really just accelerated a path that we were already on, which was to centralize more of our R&D capability around platforms and which is going to generate, we think, a higher level of innovation and in a very efficient way. So for instance, we used to have 4 different R&D groups working on snack bars, depending on the division, and we said that didn't really make -- we can do better than that. Let's put them all together and have one group focusing on that big platform. So we've done other things like that, and altogether, that would be the bigger number. And then this is all incremental to our ongoing level of HMM across our supply chain and -- which will be very, very strong. We're going to generate very strong base core HMM in the plan for F '13.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: All right. Let me try one final way on this particular line of logic is if we've got mid-single-digit operating profit growth including a whole number of factors, the $100 million of investment, the realignment in the worker reduction, when you go from there to 3% growth year-over-year as your forecast at $2.65, there's then obviously below the segment operating line, there's a bunch of negatives here that retard the EPS growth. The problem that -- I can't really see it in the numbers right now is if there's a diluted share repurchase going on, if there is a share repurchase going on, it would seem like the $2.65 number that you've given is worse than the pieces that I can -- I'm guessing at. But Don, maybe you can just help me clear up any of this. I mean, is it just as simple as you're taking this mid-single-digit operating profit growth and you get down, that translates into 3% EPS growth because of the pension and the tax headwind and whatever the diluted share number is at the moment, it's extremely minor?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Right. Well, if you take the $2.65 guidance and you add back the Yoki dilution that we highlighted at $0.02 to $0.03, the tax at $0.02 and the pension at $0.06, you get to a $2.75, $2.76 number, which is high single-digit growth, which is what our long-term models calls for.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Final question, moving on to yogurt. The 35 new product launches, Ken, can you talk about the shelf space issue that I would guess that you would face launching that many products? Is there any issue in actually getting all these things on shelf? Maybe you can talk about do you have to take some of your current products off shelf, or is this just net incremental adds to your current yogurt space? And then what does it imply for your projections for growth in U.S. Yoplait in 2013? And from there, that'll be it for me.
Kendall J. Powell: Okay. David, that is a great question, and thank you for asking it. We have 2 sort of thrusts in yogurt in terms of category management and distribution. The big one and the main one, and we put a lot of effort into this, is making sure our retail partners understand how dynamic and how exciting this category is. And the intent of that is to help them and make sure that they are planning to expand the case. And we've had very good success doing that over the last -- over the last several years and so we -- depending on the retailer, I mean, we can go in and recommend another 2 feet, another 4 feet, another 6 feet. So we've done, I think, a very good job of playing a leadership role in that area, and you are seeing -- across many of our large retail partners, we are seeing them expand the footage. And so then within that, our goal is to increase our distribution. We held it basically stable in 2012. We lost a little bit as we got to the end of the year, and I mean very small amounts. But as we go in with all of these new items, we have the retailer very optimistic about the category and inclined to expand shelf space. We think we'll be able to hold our core distribution and add incrementally with new products that we think are quite exciting and quite incremental. So that's sort of the 1-2 punch to this.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess I'll focus on gross margin guidance. It's for a slight improvement, I think, Don? The commodity cost inflation outlook is very unstable. You can see corn prices starting to shoot up again. But on the other hand, I get calls from a lot of investors who think that General Mills might have a lot of gross margin expansion similar to what happened, I guess, in fiscal -- was it fiscal '10 or fiscal '09? And I wanted to know how is this year going to be different from that prior year where margins were up 400, 500 bps? Is this different because it's more like decelerating inflation rather than true deflation? And as you look at the grain markets right now, are you really locked in at favorable rates that protect you from what's happening in grain?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Sure. Well, first off, we view F '13 as very different than F '10. F '10 was a deflationary year. We had I think it was minus 3% input cost that year. This year, we expect low single-digit at 2% to 3%, I mentioned in the script -- 2% to 3% inflation. Thank you, Kris. 2% to 3% inflation. So it is a very different environment. We're about 50% covered as we enter the year, which is about an average position for us. And as you noted, Rob, the markets are very volatile, and we've taken positions accordingly. But that volatility will play out as the year unfolds.
Kristen Smith Wenker: Thanks, everybody. I apologize that we didn't get through all the queue. Give me a shout if I can be of help. Thanks so much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-03-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kristen Smith Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations Donal Leo Mulligan - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John T. Machuzick - Senior Vice President and President of General Mills Bakeries & Foodservice Division Kendall J. Powell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the General Mills Fiscal 2012 Third Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, March 21, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kris Wenker, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristen Smith Wenker: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. I'm here with Don Mulligan, our CFO; John Machuzick, Senior Vice President and Head of our Bakeries and Foodservice business; and Ken Powell, our Chairman and CEO. I'll turn the call over to them in just a minute. First, I'm going to cover my usual housekeeping item. Our press release on third quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It's also posted on our website if you still need a copy. We've got slides out on the website, too, that supplement today's prepared remarks. And these remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates.  And with all of that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Don.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Thanks, Kris, and hello, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning. As you see from our press release, third quarter performance was consistent with the guidelines we provided on February 17. We delivered sales growth in each of our 3 operating segments with strong net price realization across our base business and good contributions from the international Yoplait business acquired last July. The quarter also includes strong contributions from new products and an 8% increase in advertising investment. Earnings were generally in line with year-ago levels due to this year's significant input cost pressure.  Slide 5 summarizes our results for the quarter. Sales totaled $4.1 billion, up 13%. Segment operating profit increased 1%. Net earnings attributable to General Mills totaled $392 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.58 as reported. These results include changes in the mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions as well as integration expenses from the international Yoplait acquisition. Excluding these items, adjusted diluted earnings per share totaled $0.55 for the quarter, $0.01 below year-ago results. Slide 6 shows the components of our net sales growth. On an as-reported basis, including Yoplait International, net sales increased 13%. Pound volume contributed 10 percentage points of growth in the quarter, and net price realization and mix added 3 points of sales growth. Foreign exchange did not have a material effect on sales growth rate this quarter. Excluding the Yoplait acquisition, net sales grew 5% and expected pound volume was lower in the quarter, down 3 percentage points. Price and mix contributed 8 points of sales growth.  As I mentioned a moment ago, all 3 of our business segments contributed to this quarter's sales increase. U.S. Retail net sales grew 4%. International sales were up 51%, led by international Yoplait acquisition. But excluding Yoplait, International sales still increased at a high single-digit rate and net sales for our Bakeries and Foodservice segment rose 6%.  Slide 8 outlines our third quarter gross margin performance. On a reported basis, gross margins declined to 36.6%. This includes the impact of mark-to-market changes in the value of our grain inventories and commodity hedges we'll use in future periods. Excluding mark-to-market effects, our gross margins declined 280 basis points in the quarter. The addition of Yoplait International to our business mix accounts for roughly 1/3 of that decline. The remainder reflects margin contraction for our base business, primarily due to higher input costs and lower U.S. Retail volumes. Looking at the full year, our original plans for 2011 assumed a 100 basis point contraction in gross margin for the base business with the addition of Yoplait International further reducing gross margin this year. We currently expect fiscal 2012 gross margins will be, in total, roughly 250 basis points below the prior year excluding mark-to-market effects in both periods.  Slide 9 summarizes our segment operating profit in the quarter. U.S. Retail profit declined 4% reflecting higher input costs, lower volume and increased media investment. International profit increased 40% led by strong contributions from Yoplait. And Bakeries and Foodservice profit matched year-ago levels despite sharply higher input costs and a difficult comparison to strong grain merchandising earnings a year ago. In total, segment operating profit rose 1% to reach $675 million. After-tax earnings from joint ventures rose sharply in the quarter. Good net sales growth and the lapping of the tax restructuring charges, Cereal Partners Worldwide last year contributed to the earnings increase. On a constant-currency basis, CPW sales were up 7% led by growth from the Nesquik and Chocapic brands. Constant-currency sales for Häagen-Dazs Japan increased 3%.  In the fourth quarter, we expect joint venture profits will fall below stronger year-ago levels. And for the full year, we now expect after-tax earnings from joint ventures will be down from 2011 levels. Earnings for Häagen-Dazs Japan will be below year-ago levels due to the difficult economic environment in Japan following the earthquake and tsunami a year ago. That being said, recovery for this business is running a bit ahead of our plan. CPW earnings will also be below year-ago levels due to a one-time adjustment to tax reserve related to prior years and earlier phasing of expenses for new manufacturing capacity in emerging markets, including Malaysia, Turkey, South Africa and Brazil. CPW volume and sales growth in the underlying business remains strong.  Completing our review of the income statement, corporate unallocated expenses, excluding mark-to-market effects, were slightly lower in the quarter. This year's total includes $4 million of onetime integration costs for Yoplait. Last year's total included an $11 million charge to increase an environmental reserve. Interest expense increased 13% in the quarter, driven by increased level of overall debt with the addition of Yoplait and the pre-funding of our February bond maturity.  The effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.7% as reported. Excluding items affecting comparability, the tax rate was 32.0% this year compared to 31.6% a year ago. We now expect our full year tax rate to be roughly 32%, excluding items affecting comparability.  Turning to the balance sheet. Slide 12 shows the components of core working capital. In a quarter where net sales increased 13%, our core working capital declined 4% as our focus on inventory reduction drove improved working capital efficiency. Increased levels of accounts receivable and accounts payable, primarily from the Yoplait acquisition, were largely offsetting in the quarter.  Year-to-date cash flow from operations totaled roughly $1.7 million, a 33% increase versus the first 9 months of 2011. Planned inventory reductions, changes in the market value of open grain contracts and foreign currency hedges and the timing of consumer marketing accruals all contributed to the increase.  Slide 14 summarizes our financial performance through the first 9 months of the year. Net sales increased 12% as reported and grew 6% excluding the Yoplait acquisition. Despite significantly higher input costs and an 8% increase in media expense, segment operating profit matched year-ago levels. These year-to-date results include solid contributions from our international Yoplait acquisition. And our adjusted diluted earnings per share totaled $1.96, in line with the year-ago performance.  As we communicated last month, our third quarter results reflected weak volumes, weak sales and volume trends across U.S. food categories in measured channels. Slide 15 shows that across the 25 categories where we compete, consumer retail sales growth in non-measured channels continued at a strong pace in the third quarter. However, consumer takeaway in measured channels moderated. We believe reduced trade merchandising activity was a key driver of the performance in measured outlets. In the third quarter, measured channel merchandise volume declined 7% across our categories as food manufacturers increased promoted price points. We expect volume trends to moderate across U.S. food categories in the months ahead as consumers adjust to the new price points.  Turning to the fourth quarter, we expect to achieve good sales and EPS growth. Sales growth will reflect strong net price realization across our base business and incremental sales from the Yoplait acquisition. We have a higher level of new product activity in the market and we have increased media support behind our brands. Our rate of gross margin decline is expected to moderate in the fourth quarter. Our tax rate will be lower and effective cost management is expected to keep fourth quarter corporate unallocated expenses below year-ago levels.  And so for fiscal 2012 in total, we are tracking somewhat behind our original profit target, but the year is unfolding largely as we outlined last summer. We expect to deliver double-digit growth in net sales with significant contributions from Yoplait International, strong levels of product news and innovation and increased levels of consumer marketing support. Gross margin, as a percent of sales, will be below year-ago levels, reflecting higher year-on-year input cost and the business mix shift to include Yoplait International. We expect segment operating profit will be above year-ago levels, including increased media investment. Operating profits will include solid contributions from Yoplait International. And we expect to deliver EPS of $2.53 to $2.55 per share. As a reminder, this guidance excludes mark-to-market effects in Yoplait integration costs.  In my remarks this morning, I've given some perspective on trends for U.S. food at home. Now I'd like to turn the call over to John Machuzick who will discuss the trends for Food-Away-From-Home and the performance of our Bakeries and Foodservice business. John?
John T. Machuzick: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be here to review our Bakery and Foodservice businesses. There are 3 key points I'd like to make this morning. First, while there are some bright spots in the U.S. foodservice industry, the overall environment remains challenging as we continue to deal with a cautious consumer. Second, we've been outperforming the industry in recent years, and we're building stronger share positions for our brands. And third, we're driving this good performance by focusing on the channels that show the most promising growth and by innovating on many of our branded product lines.  Let me say a bit more on each of these points. I'll start with the foodservice industry environment. I know some of you are wondering about a potential rebound in the restaurant industry given good calendar year-end results posted by a few of the major quick-service restaurants chains. The commercial restaurant channel has posted modest sales growth over the past several months, but traffic growth is still quite low. And remember, these growth levels are off of historic lows. The fact remains that consumers are still cautious given a slow economy and rising gas prices, so the foodservice industry is still facing some headwinds.  Technomics projects that the foodservice industry will post nominal growth of a little less than 3% in calendar 2012. This would be a slight improvement over last year. The majority of this growth is expected to be price-driven. As you can see on Slide 21, real growth, which strips away the impact of price inflation, is expected to be essentially flat in 2012. However, there are channels that are expected to post growth, including quick-serve restaurants, schools, lodging, hospitals and convenience stores. It's these channels where we've been focusing our efforts.  As we discussed at the beginning of the fiscal year, our annual plan called for pricing-driven net sales growth above our long-term model, which calls for low single-digit growth. And we targeted a mid-single-digit decline in segment operating profit because of significant cost inflation and the fact that we are comparing against record grain merchandising earnings last year. We remain broadly on track to meet these goals this year.  Net sales for our Bakery and Foodservice segment grew 6% in the third quarter, driven by pricing, with volume essentially flat. For the year-to-date, our sales were up 10% with volume matching year-ago levels. This performance is well ahead of the industry. And as you can see on Slide 23, we posted good growth in all 3 sectors of our business. Segment operating profits was essentially flat to last year in the quarter and was down 5% for the year-to-date due to increased input costs and the lapping of last year's higher grain merchandising earnings.  Let me describe how we're leveraging our brands in some of the growing foodservice channels. We work with a number of the largest quick-serve restaurant chains providing customized products from pizza crusts to yogurt to cinnamon rolls. We're also partnering with key accounts to build their menus for breakfast, which continues to be the fastest-growing daypart for restaurants. We see this channel as a good growth opportunity for us because many national accounts are increasingly receptive to offering customers well-known consumer-branded products.  Breakfast programs in K-12 schools have been growing at a 5% compound rate over the past 3 calendar years. Our business in this channel is outpacing that growth. Recent legislation for the K-12 school nutrition program recommends more whole grains at breakfast. This new guideline doesn't go into effect until 2013, but it represents an opportunity for us to continue to expand our offerings in schools. We are already the cereal category leader in school breakfast programs. All of our Big G cereals contain more whole grain than any other single ingredient. In addition, our line of hot breakfast items has been a big hit in schools, with sales nearly doubling so far this year. These Pillsbury-branded products are easy for the operators to prepare. They can be heated and served right in the package for the kids. And they contain between 16 and 24 grams of whole grain per serving. And we're also seeing good performance on Trix Yogurt in K-12 schools with a reformulated product that contains no artificial colors or flavors.  College enrollment in the U.S. has been increasing at a 4% compound rate over the past 3 years, so this is another attractive channel for growth. College students like cereal and 4 out of the top 5 cereals in college and university cafeterias are General Mills products, with Lucky Charms having the highest cereal penetration on campuses. Yogurt also is a key business driver in this channel. This includes yogurt parfaits, which have become increasingly popular in foodservice outlets. Our Yoplait ParfaitPro pouches give operators a fast and easy way to make layered yogurt parfaits. This product has contributed double-digit compound growth on our bulk yogurt business over the past 3 years and we've got much more yogurt innovation coming this summer.  In convenience stores, our snacks sales have been increasing at a 13% rate over the past 4 years. We've been growing distribution on existing snack lines like Chex Mix and we've developed unique items for these outlets such as our line of Betty Crocker dessert snack bars and Wheaties Fuel bars. We're working on more new snack items to continue to leverage this growing food outlet.  So across the fastest growing foodservice channels, we're focusing on our great portfolio of brands. For the year-to-date across all Foodservice channels, sales of our Big G cereals have grown at a 4% rate, yogurt sales are up 3% and our snacks sales are up 13%.  In addition to these strong brands, we also bring strong sales capabilities to our customers. Back in 2008, we began converting our foodservice sales force from broker to direct. Today, our national sales force represents 90% of our sales in away-from-home channels. Our salespeople are bringing unique consumer insights and category management capabilities to our customers. We believe this gives us a strong competitive advantage, and our customers seem to agree. In 2011, we received supplier of the year awards from 13 of our customers. We're ranked #3 in the most recent Kantar PowerRanking for foodservice sales.  By focusing on growing channels and branded product innovation, we've been increasing the profitability of our business. Over the past 5 years, our operating profit has grown at a 19% compound growth rate. Our profit margin has expanded by 900 basis points to reach a level very near General Mills' corporate average. As I said earlier, in fiscal 2012, our operating profit and margins will decline somewhat, reflecting the impact of lower grain merchandising earnings and sharply higher input cost inflation. But over the long term, we expect sales to grow at a low single-digit compound rate and our operating profit should grow faster than sales.  We like the long-term growth prospects we see for this business. While Technomic industry projections to 2015 show a modest shift to more food eaten at home, U.S. Food-Away-From-Home will still generate over $0.5 trillion in total sales, and that's a good growth market for General Mills and our brands.  In summary, the team of people in General Mills Brands on the Go division is generating strong results. We're outperforming the foodservice industry on the strength of our products and execution in growing channels, and with 9 months under our belt, we're on pace to deliver our full year sales and profit targets. The foodservice industry continues to be challenging, but we're encouraged by current trends in the channels where we compete and we see good opportunities for future growth. As the U.S. economic outlook brightens, we expect foodservice industry sales trends to accelerate. We think we're well positioned in the right channels with solid brands to leverage that growth.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Ken Powell.
Kendall J. Powell: Thanks, John, and good morning, everybody. You just heard about the very good results that John Machuzick and his team are posting in our Bakeries and Foodservice segment. I'm going to review performance in our other 2 business segments beginning with International.  As Chris O'Leary told you on the second quarter earnings call, our International segment is performing quite well this year. Slide 34 shows constant-currency sales growth rates for the latest quarter. In total, International net sales were up 53%. Sales in Canada grew 37%, led by cereal, Old El Paso Mexican products and the addition of Liberté yogurt. In Latin America, sales were up 12%. Net sales more than doubled in Europe, reflecting the addition of Yoplait yogurt and high single-digit sales growth on our base business. And in the Asia Pacific region, sales grew 15% with good contributions from China and Australia. We're performing well in many of our established markets. Despite continued economic challenges in Western Europe, we're posting good growth across our base business. For example, in the U.K., sales in constant currency are up 7% year-to-date with particularly strong growth on Nature Valley Granola Bars. In France, constant-currency sales are up 16% so far this year on the strength of Häagen-Dazs Secret Sensations and increased in-store marketing on Old El Paso dinner kits. In addition, Yoplait yogurt continues to perform well in both these markets. In the U.K., retail sales for Yoplait are up 2% year-to-date, with modest share gains. And in France, Yoplait sales are growing at an 11% pace, adding 1 point of share so far this year.  We're doing well in emerging markets, too. On a constant-currency basis, our sales in China are up 19% so far this year, led by Häagen-Dazs and Wanchai Ferry. In India, our business is much smaller, but we'll open a total of 6 Häagen-Dazs shops in this market by year end. Multi-Grain Atta flour and Nature Valley Granola Bars are also performing well, contributing to 16% sales growth in India so far this year. In total, our International business is on track for another year of good growth in sales and operating profit. Our base business is doing well and the integration of Yoplait International has proceeded smoothly. Turning to U.S. Retail. Net sales grew 4% in the third quarter, driven by net price realization and mix. Through 9 months, net sales are up 3% in total with growth in 5 of 7 divisions. Slide 38 shows our consumer movement across measured and non-tracked channels combined. As you can see, we are generating good growth in the majority of our categories. We've driven this growth with a steady stream of product news and innovation across our brands. For example, our cereal business has posted share gains over the past several years as we continue to bring product news to the category, and this year is no different. Our dollar share has increased up 0.5 a share point in the third quarter alone.  We're seeing good growth across our cereal portfolio. Established brands such as Cinnamon Toast Crunch, Honey Nut Cheerios and the Chex franchise are posting solid retail sales growth so far this year. And we've had good contributions from new products, too, including Fiber One 80 Calories cereal, a new flavor of Cascadian Farm Granola and Dulce de Leche Cheerios and Frosted Toast Crunch launched in January. And we launched Peanut Butter MultiGrain Cheerios in January as well. This new cereal is off to a very strong start. In less than 3 months, it holds nearly 1 point of dollar share, making it the single biggest new cereal amongst 17 new launches in the category in January.  Innovation is driving growth for our grain snacks, too. Over the years, we've added new varieties to our snack bars, driving good sales and share gains. We've kept that growth momentum going this year with several distinctive new items. Nature Valley Thins contain just 90 calories or less per serving. Fiber One Brownies have been a terrific success. They're on track to reach $120 million in year one retail sales. And for consumers looking for added protein for energy or weight management, Nature Valley Protein Bars contain 10 grams of protein and 5 grams of fiber per serving.  Innovation also contributed to a good soup season for Progresso. New flavors and strong advertising have fueled a 2% sales gain for Progresso in measured channels fiscal year-to-date, including 6% baseline growth. We've increased prices through a reduction in promotional spending and we'll work to keep the momentum going with more product news coming this summer. We're bringing innovation to our yogurt business, too. In the kids segment, we have new flavor combinations of Go-GURT value packs and a reformulated Trix yogurt with no artificial colors or flavors. In the adult segment, we've launched Greek yogurt parfaits, new flavors of Greek multipacks and a 4-flavor line of lactose-free Yoplait.  We're bringing news to many different segments of the U.S. yogurt market and we're supporting these various initiatives with distinctive advertising messages. Our current TV campaigns are generating an 18% increase in gross rating points across our adult core cup lines so far this year. And we'll have lots more yogurt innovation to talk to consumers about this summer. In total, it's been a very good year for product innovation across our U.S. Retail business. We're bringing new products to all parts of the store from the freezer case to the dairy section, to the center aisles and several of our new introductions like Peanut Butter MultiGrain Cheerios, Fiber One Brownies and Yoplait Light Granola Parfaits are among the most successful new items in the industry this past year.  Let me touch on one final U.S. Retail business. As you know, natural and organic foods are a fast-growing category. Net sales for our Small Planet Foods division have grown at a 14% compound rate over the past 5 years. And net sales are up double digits again so far this year. In calendar 2008, we added LÄRABAR to the Small Planet Foods portfolio. Sales for these all-natural fruit and nut bars have been growing by more than 30% over the past 2 years as we've added -- as we've expanded distribution beyond natural and organic stores to other retail outlets. In January, we added Über bars to this line. They are in a phased launch and will be broadly available by this summer. And just last month, we added the Food Should Taste Good line to our portfolio. Sales for natural salty snacks are growing at a double-digit pace so we see great opportunities for this line of tortilla and sweet potato chips. Traditional grocery stores currently account for just 25% of retail distribution for this brand, so we're excited about the prospects for expanding availability for these great-tasting snacks.  We are continuing to support all of our brands with strong levels of consumer marketing investment. For the year-to-date, our media spending is up 5% across U.S. Retail. And we've been increasing the gross rating points for our TV ads as well, up 3% year-to-date. We'll finish up the year with another quarter of good brand-building events. It's Pillsbury Bake-Off season and this year, the winner of the 45th Pillsbury Bake-Off contest will be announced live next week on a special broadcast of the Martha Stewart show.  Qué Rica Vida, one of the largest Hispanic marketing platforms in the U.S., is currently hosting a music giveaway event, including in-store and online promotions. Consumers get free music download codes when they purchase select General Mills products. This event culminates in the chance to win a trip to Univision's annual concert in New York City this May. And March Madness is in full swing again this year with Betty's Brackets on bettycrocker.com. Consumers can vote online for their favorite party food recipes.  So for our U.S. Retail business in total, we've got good momentum on many of our established businesses. Our new products are performing well, and we're investing across the portfolio with increased marketing support. We expect this business segment to show continued good sales growth and improved profit performance in the final quarter of the year.  So I'd wrap up this morning's General Mills update this way. Fiscal 2012 has presented a particularly challenging operating environment with commodity inflation the highest we've seen in 30 years and more than double the average annual rate we expect to see going forward. In addition, slow economic recovery has kept many consumer budgets under pressure. These factors caused us to plan fiscal 2012 with a rate of EPS growth below our long-term model. And as you know, last month, we revised our EPS guidance to a level behind our original target. In this environment, we've made strategic choices that increased our worldwide sales base and strengthened our portfolio. We made acquisitions that expanded our participation in 2 fast-growing food categories, yogurt and natural and organic foods. We sustained a high level of new product activity across all 3 of our business segments and we increased advertising and media investment along with sales. As a result of these actions, General Mills is on pace to report record-level net sales and adjusted diluted EPS for 2012 in total. And we believe our actions have positioned the company well for continued growth in 2013 and beyond. So thanks to all of you for your interest in General Mills.  We'd now be very happy to take your questions. Operator, would you please get us started?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ed Aaron, RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So your earnings release is really, I guess, the first meaningful data point that we've seen since CAGNY and I just wanted to get your sense on current trends and whether you're seeing anything in the marketplace that would kind of validate your view that the volumes are going to moderate as you cycle over some of the lower levels of merchandising activity?
Kendall J. Powell: I would say we've seen -- we saw a little bit of improvement in February. And generally, our belief is that, Ed, as we, in the months ahead, lap all the pricing that we took and our merchandising levels moderate, as those 2 things happen, we believe as well that consumer demand will stabilize and will moderate. And that, coupled with our ongoing investments in innovation and brand building, will get us back on a trend line that's more to our liking.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then just a quick follow-up, the U.S. sales -- the U.S. Retail numbers outperformed the measured channel data by a pretty meaningful margin in the quarter. Was that entirely because of your non-measured channel performance or were they maybe some unique dynamics with respect to timing of shipments and inventory changes?
Kendall J. Powell: It was -- Ed, it was primarily due to very good gains in non-measured channels. I will tell you also though that as we commented, we shipped a number of very good new products in the third quarter. We commented on a couple of the cereals and some of the yogurts, the Nature Valley Protein Bar, so we a good slug of new products and as retailers built inventory on those items, those helped those sales gains.
Operator: Our next question comes from that line of Matthew Grainger, Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So I understand that inflationary headwinds you're facing are still quite high, but I was still a bit surprised by the degree of gross margin contraction year-over-year in the quarter. Is there any additional color you can give on mix dynamics across the portfolio that may have exacerbated that? And just to follow up on CAGNY, I think there you said you expected inflation to -- you expected input costs to be inflationary, but below the levels we saw in fiscal '12 during fiscal '13. Is there any additional detail you can give there or any change in your internal expectation since that time?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Matt, this is Don. On the latter question, I'll just reaffirm what we said at CAGNY, we expect to be lower. We obviously saw extremely high inflation. We are seeing extremely high inflation this year, so we would expect it to moderate. We'll obviously have a clearer picture for you when we give you our F '13 guidance more fully this summer. As far as Q3, there are a couple of dynamics at play. As you can imagine, the volume, as we said, came in a little lighter than we expected in U.S. RO that had 2 impacts on us. One is a bit of deleveraging in the plans, but also from a mix standpoint, U.S. are always -- are from a segment standpoint, is our highest-margin business, so that ends up being a bit of a negative mix to us as well. And then lastly, we -- as I noted in our working capital, we continue to work down our inventories and that had an impact on our gross margins; a planned impact, but one that externally may not be fully modeled, of probably about 30 basis points in the quarter. So I think those 3 factors were the ones that would have probably varied from what may have been externally modeled for our gross margin.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And do you anticipate continuing to work down inventories any further from where we stand today or are we pretty much at what you would consider at the appropriate level?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, we're at the levels that we targeted, so as we look at Q4, one of the reasons that we are confident that we'll see less contraction in Q4, one of 3 or 4 reasons is the fact that we'll have less inventory reduction, hence, less of that negative absorption in our gross margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: On the Greek yogurt side, I realize -- I appreciate you previously had some supply issues, but I'm a little surprised to see by this point that your ACV, at least in measured channels, is still down year-on-year by a healthy amount. So I'm wondering, Ken, if you can comment on why your distribution isn't better by this point, especially given your strong relationships with retailers? And I'm hoping you can shed some light on any progression you made with Greek this quarter. And I guess my main question is how close are we to the point at which you say, you know what, maybe what we're doing with Greek isn't working. We've invested in capacity. Maybe we should think about perhaps changing course and doing something a little bit different in terms of strategy.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, Ken, thank you for the question. So our Yoplait Greek product is -- sales in the latest quarter are up nearly up 50%. Our distribution for that product, I believe, is flat across all channels and so I don't want to comment now on your data point. Maybe we can come back to you on that, but we're expanding turns on that product. We're expanding capacity. We've begun to advertise it. We're adding new items, as I said. We've got -- we've added a parfait product now. We're adding more varieties of the 4-ounce 4-pack to that line, and that particular product is doing very, very well. So that product continues to grow and we're going to continue to support it because it's working for us. Having said that, as I've said before, there are more -- many more ways, we believe, to innovate in the Greek yogurt segment. And I will very much look forward to sharing those innovation and new product details with you when we get together in June, but there's quite a bit more innovation that will be coming from us on that front.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow, Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Ken, I published a note yesterday, just kind of analyzing headcount trends at food companies and General Mills has been growing very steadily over the last few years, about 6% a year. Most of your peers are cutting back in recognition of tougher economic times, and as you say, tougher category sales environment. And I'm just wondering, investing in the company is always a good thing and you have plenty of areas for reinvestment. But at what point do you have to take a look at your corporate structure or other elements of your cost structure and say, maybe it's time to slow down in light of where the consumer is?
Kendall J. Powell: Rob, I did read that note and thank you for the question. As the folks who have been so focused on HMM and CI and all those kind of disciplines for 5 or 6 years, I think the first thing I want to assure you is that, you said is it time to take a look at these costs. I will tell you we are constantly looking at all of these costs, and Don will comment here in just a minute. But we're very focused on admin expense, particularly in the U.S. That has grown and we'll talk about the detail that you need to understand on that, but sort of on a like-for-like basis, that has grown at less than the rate of sales the last 3 or 4 years, and the last 2 years it's been flat. So we're very, very diligent on all of that stuff for just the reasons that you highlighted. I think you also commented on R&D spending, which has varied for us over the last 5 or 6 years between kind of low and mid-single-digit rates of increase. I will tell you that, that is a wonderfully high-returning investment in all ways. We get great new product innovation out of that investment. We get very creative HMM ideas, so that's a very high-returning spend for General Mills and we're very committed to sustaining growth in that area. I think the third area is the advertising area, and here, over the last 4 or 5 years, we've grown at a rate higher than our rate of sales growth. And we did that because it was clear that we really were behind our peer competitive set and we just wanted to get that spending level up to the right range. As we've said a few times now, we believe we're pretty much in that zone now and as we go forward, we would expect our rate of increase in ad spending to moderate and really to be more in line with -- much more in line with our rate of sales growth. So that's a few comments. I think, Don, you might want to jump with some more texture?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. And Rob, first off, I thought your piece was very good yesterday. We all read it with interest and I particularly appreciate when you looked at our SG&A, you commented that we're investing in the right things and I think that's very true. And I think Ken hit on some of those with R&D and our advertising. Let me focus on our admin expenses, so the SG&A less those 2 items. To Ken's point, if you look over the last 3 years and you strip out the marked increase we've had in our pension expense because of the drop in interest rates, our underlying admin expense has been essentially flat over those 3 years. It's been a focus of ours to ensure that we are thinking about where we're putting our investment and we've taken a lot of internal actions, HMM-variety actions, against admin just as we have done in our plans for a number of years. So I'd assure you that is getting a focus. In terms of headcount itself, it has increased. It's increased because we've been building our International business. Our U.S. headcount actually over the last 3 years is essentially flat. And that includes some investments we've made in headcount in John's area, for example, to build an internal sales force where we've added over 300 people to move from a broker to an internal sales force that not only do we think is more effective, as John outlined for us this morning, but we also know is cost beneficial to us versus the broker network that we had previously. So rest assured that it is getting a focus and the results are coming through over the last couple of years.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And I really appreciate all the detail. And I guess what you could say is, look, if the consumer does come back to you and gets used to these higher promoted price points, your -- all these investments could put you in a better spot compared to your competition because you have been putting more into it. Does that…
Kendall J. Powell: I think that's a very fair. I mean our belief is that we've -- I mean, clearly it's been a tough year. We've had very, very high inflation across the industry, which led to unusually high levels of price increases, which led to volume elasticities and declines that we've seen. And so it's been challenging. But this is the highest inflation that I've seen in my career at General Mills and our strong belief going forward is that it will moderate, clearly moderate from that. And as we see inflation come down, there's much less pricing come through. We have stability in -- more or less stability in consumer prices, stability in the promotional environment. And we strongly believe, then, that volume will stabilize there, unit volume will stabilize and those will all be good things. And then as you said, we then -- it's up to us to make our own way by doing the things that grow our categories and we know what those are: it's good brand building, it's the good innovation ideas that come out of our R&D teams, and that's how we grow categories and that's why we stayed so true to that course during a very volatile period of time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar, Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: In the release, you had mentioned that Big G cereal volume was actually up year-over-year. And I think that's the first time in at least a couple quarters where the volume piece, I think, was up year-over-year. So I'm just trying to get a sense if that's more related to just that it was a somewhat easier comparison with last year or obviously, some of the – the greater level of innovation you talked about in the third quarter going forward? What I'm trying to get a sense of is how sustainable is perhaps a somewhat positive sort of volume picture in cereal? And what piece of that is anything that you're seeing potentially more positively in the category or not? I'm trying to get your sense on that.
Kendall J. Powell: Andrew, thanks for the question. I mean the category is unfolding as we thought it would this year, some pound decline overall. But across all channels, we're going to see sales growth of about 3% this year on a $10 billion category. So all things being equal, we feel pretty good about the way the category dynamics are unfolding. And as I said, we expect prices to stabilize here as we go forward. In this quarter, as I said, we had some very good new products that we shipped, which helped the units in volume, and that was good. But I have to say, really if you look at us over the last 4 or 5 years, we've had steady increases in performance, very consistent increases in market share and we're driving that primarily through good innovation across a number of brands. And so whether it's the Cheerios franchise or the Chex franchise, which I think, as you know, it appeals to folks are for looking for gluten-free products. That's growing at a high rate. We had good performance on our kid brands. So we really have a very strong portfolio there. We've had very good innovation. Those brands continue to respond and we're quite positive on the outlook for the category because of all the brand news and the nutrition innovation that we're bringing. So while the third quarter had a new product boost, long term we continue to feel very good about our innovation and what we can do in that category.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. And are you seeing some of the other large players in the space kind of doing more of the right thing at least directionally at this stage relative to the last 2 years? Because that's -- one of the questions I think that comes up a lot more now is, hey, has the category structurally changed? And is it just kind of x growth going forward because of either whatever it is, other breakfast options or less relevance with consumers? And I'm trying to parse how much of that is just that some key categories players weren't engaged in kind of doing the right thing around innovation in the last couple years versus if there's really been some shift that your data suggests that there is?
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, well, I mean there have been kind of some wobbles and some volatilities in the different competitive dynamics over the last 3 years as you're very well aware, Andrew. And it appears that we've worked our way through those. It looks to us like we're all -- the merchandising side is stable. The volume weakness that we've seen or decline that we've seen was expected. And as we've seen, in most other categories, it's clearly related to the pricing and the increase in merch price points that we had to take this year. So we think that, that's a one-off situation. We -- as John commented in his remarks, while there is some growth in quick-serve restaurants, I mean, trust me, we calculate those numbers and we study those interactions and I will tell you that there's -- that's not where our volume is going. I think we're just suffering a little bit from the pricing that we saw this year and we're optimistic that as we see that stabilize and knowing the kind of innovation that we're going to bring going forward that we expect that category to continue to show good growth for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman, Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, couple of questions. I guess, Don, can you comment on International in terms of profitability and why it swung so much sequentially from the second quarter down?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, it was primarily timing of advertising. Media investment in the quarter was up over 30% in International, and that's going to swing quarter-to-quarter, but that was the main driver. Yet with the underlying growth trends from a volume and a sales standpoint, we're still very pleased with the momentum we have in that business.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I mean what -- with Yoplait now so impactful to the business, that segment, what's the right margin to think about for that business? Is it 11%? Is it 9%? I really -- I'm kind of looking for some guidance as to what is the right longer-term profitability for that segment and then think about things quarter-to-quarter depending upon what you do?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, that segment has been generating pre-Yoplait margin in the low double digits. We've mentioned that over time we believe that those will continue to expand as we invest in core categories and geographies that we're in and as we grow businesses that have higher average margins, whether that is Häagen-Dazs, Nature Valley, obviously the cereal businesses in the geographies that we run directly, and that will continue to drive it. What we've also said is that the Yoplait business has low double-digit margins. And so in the near term, it's going to be fairly profit margin neutral. But over time, we're going to have plans to grow that business as well and as those plans unfold, we'll give you a line of sight on the margin impact.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then to Ken, I guess one of the things that I kind of derived from CAGNY was increasing competition against Hamburger Helper and its various line extensions. I mean it seems as if, I guess, Kraft or Grocery Co is now going to come after you. How do we think about that because I assume that given that you've got the bulk of the share in that category, you guys developed it, it's a very high-margin business for you. Why shouldn't I worry about Kraft and others kind of tackling that as the prototypical recession-type of product?
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, that is, Eric, a very good and stable business for us. We're seeing some fall-off this year from sort of minor lines that we've launched over the last couple of years that we let fall away, so we've lost some share there. And that's also a brand where just as we've adjusted and moderated merch price points here as the year has gone on, where we've seen some fall-off, I mean, our advertising for that brand. And so it continues to work well, so we think sort of the fundamental consumer proposition continues to be very strong. And we've got good opportunities to innovate and continue to expand within that range. I think it's just a question of kind of refining, making sure we've got the value proposition right as we go forward and that the consumer brand-building element also is working for us, which we think it is. So I think fundamentally, we think that, that brand will stay on track and it's just -- we've just struggled a bit this year with the volatility in list and merchandising price points.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer, UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Ken, both you and John mentioned that Yoplait would have some innovation this summer and it doesn't sound like you're going to tell us today exactly what that is. But I'm hoping that perhaps you could characterize what you might have in store for that brand. And the reason I'm digging for this is that Chobani continues to move across the country. They're expanding capacity, we hear, on the West Coast, so they certainly remain a threat looming. So my hope for Yoplait is that you could introduce a new platform that could perhaps seize the news from the Greek segment, that major competitor, and bend the trend in market share.
Kendall J. Powell: So listen, I very much appreciate your impatience. And here, we like to tell our customers about our innovation before we tell you guys, and so that's always what hinders us a little bit, so we'll be -- obviously we'll have full detail for you in June. What I will say is that we have a very comprehensive lineup of innovation across all segments of our yogurt business including our kid business, our core cup business, Greek product lines and other innovation as well and those innovations will come over the course of the full calendar year, but beginning this summer. So we've been very hard at work on obviously, for all the obvious reasons, on our yogurt innovation pipeline and we'll be very pleased to share it with you in June. And not just on the retail side of the business, but as we mentioned, we've got good ideas that are going to be going in the foodservice side as well. So it will be very comprehensive across all segments.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And would you say that you'll have a new distinct platform for us at that time or...
Kendall J. Powell: We always try to make them as distinctive as possible. And these are all products that we test and evaluate with consumers and we work hard to get the proposition right. And we think we've got -- we think we have some very, very good ideas coming here that will allow us to continue to build our Greek business and to build our share in that segment. And clearly, our goal is to stabilize and return to the entire Yoplait business to growth. We clearly need to do that and we're very, very focused on that. It's a core goal of ours and so we think we've got the broad innovation approach that we're going to need in order to do that in our next fiscal year. So it's a primary objective.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow, BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you talk about the further opportunities you have in alternative channels? I know that's been a -- obviously a plus on the retail side, but can you talk about what the opportunities would be by which channels you expect greater penetration and what product types that might be still under penetrated that you find that there to be opportunities?
Kendall J. Powell: So Ken, thank you for the question. Can you be -- when you talk about alternative channels, can you be a little bit more specific about the kind -- what kind of channels you're thinking of? I mean, I think I know but I would like to -- maybe you can clarify?
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Yes, like either mass merchandise, dollar stores, convenience stores, drug stores, anything outside of the supermarket channels where basically outside of the IRI data because obviously that's where you guys have kind of closed the gap or exceeded expectations a little bit on the sales line just because you had the alternative channel. So trying to just figure out is there more room to go, which channels and what product types do you think are still a little bit under penetrated by you guys that we might be able to see a little growth in 2013?
Kendall J. Powell: Let me start and then I'm going to ask John Machuzick to add some commentary as well. I mean, basically, the sectors that you mentioned, whether it's mass or dollar stores or convenience stores, what I will tell you is that we are highly focused on all those channels for growth and highly focused means that we dedicate a significant number of human resources to those channels. We build very strong relationships at the top of those companies and all the way down through of all their various buying and merchandising levels and we built those businesses strongly. And as you said, these are growing channels and we see very significant opportunities for continued growth. And so without attempting to go into the numbers, I mean I think I can tell you that in most of those different sectors we have very solid growth rates. And we are also, because of the quality of our sales force and the kind of resources that we're putting in there, the important thing is, is that we're developing very strong insights about how their customer base might work. Whether it's a mass store or a dollar store or a drugstore, those – the consumers that go into those stores all have different behaviors and are looking for different things, particularly when they're looking for food products. And we're getting very, very smart about what it is that they're looking for. And as a result, we're bringing them insight and we've become a very trusted partner in those channels and we're getting good growth there, so it's very important to us. John, I think, has a very, very unique window into C-stores and he's going to comment on that as well.
John T. Machuzick: Ken, I think there's a lot of runway still available in the convenience store channel. We've had 48 months consecutively of share growth and double-digit volume gains in that segment. And strengthening our sales organization, the capabilities that we bring to that sector of customers like we have done for years and years on the retail side is a big advantage for us. I think there's plenty of room in our existing categories to continue to grow there. I think there's new adjacencies that are opportunities in that segment. I think there's also a foodservice business that is a big opportunity that is growing in the convenience store channel that we can bring more innovation and growth to. On the foodservice side, all you have to do is look around and there's lots of places where our brands aren't yet in the foodservice space. We're growing our penetration with our customers. We have more control over the focused efforts that our sales organization have against our brands and there remains lots and lots of opportunity in that area. As I mentioned in my remarks, there's a growing acceptability of branded products in the restaurant area that we think is another emerging area for growth also.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And are there any product types that may not be fully penetrated in certain alternative channels, I guess, is the other -- that might be an opportunity?
Kendall J. Powell: Are you saying are there other product types or...
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: No, of your products. Are there are certain products, obviously cereal, but just going through the portfolio, that may not have been as much focused on in alternative channels that might lead to another level of growth maybe in 2013 or is everything equally focused upon?
Kendall J. Powell: Well, I mean, we've got good focus on cereal and baking products and some of our snack products, but I mean we see -- as these channels grow and many of them using food as a way to drive traffic because obviously people are going to need food once a week and the purchase cycle for some of the drug products may be longer than that. So they're using food to drive traffic and they're very interested in expanding our portfolio and so we're helping them think through that whole assortment issue. But there are many opportunities for us to move into that. I guess I would add that the other opportunity that we have is there are a number of products today that start out in alternative or particularly in natural channels. And so we commented on the success of LÄRABAR in the natural channel sector, the very strong success of Food Should Taste Good and as those products gain scale in those channels, we then have the opportunity to move them in the other direction, move them into the more mainstream channels. And so you have products that develop in different parts of the retail environment and then we can take them and study them and move them around into different places. And it's not just from the traditional to the alternative. It can be from alternative to traditional. And so we have -- really we have many alternatives across our portfolio to drive growth through building distribution.
Kristen Smith Wenker: Operator, let's sneak one last question in here before we're out of time.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Jason English, Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Quick question on -- a couple of quick questions on Yoplait abroad, the European acquisition. Can you comment on like-for-like growth, either top – both top and bottom line for the business?
Donal Leo Mulligan: I think those were contained in Ken's remarks, Jason, where in the U.K. from a consumer standpoint, we're seeing low single-digit growth and in France, high single-digit growth. So while we're holding share in the U.K., we're actually gaining almost a full point of share in France.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Well, so far, I'm looking through the first 3 quarters and looks like you've had slightly north of $700 million of sales contribution from Yoplait. Are you expecting, whether it be seasonal factors or something else for a big fourth quarter? Or are we just going to be tracking below, I think, the $1.2 billion guidance you guys had early on?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, for the 10 months, we're still in the zone that we expect to be in. It'll add 8 to 9 points to our growth rate a quarter as it has for the last 2. We expect to see the same in the fourth quarter.
Kendall J. Powell: We've only got 10 months in this year, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: But wasn't that the $1.2 billion guidance? Didn't that account for only 10 of the 12 months?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on the bottom line, I'm looking at the minority interest line on your consolidated income statement. It's not meaningfully higher...
Donal Leo Mulligan: Jason, sorry, just one thing. That is U.S. dollar value. The euro is weaker today than we started the year, so there's probably a little bit of a headwind from a translation standpoint. So in euros, we're tracking -- so when I was saying we're tracking as we expected, that's in constant – or in local currency, but there will be a little bit of diminution when we translate to U.S. dollars.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sure, yes. Looks like around a 4% headwind right now. On the profit line, minority interest, looking at the subtraction the consolidated income statement, it's not meaningfully different. It's up year-on-year as a subtraction but not substantially. It looks to me like the profitability of the business isn't as high as we thought. Is that true? Are there other things going on there? And if it is true, is this maybe a year of investment as you prime the business for acceleration next year?
Donal Leo Mulligan: No, actually the provisions are for both top and bottom line as we expected. When you look at that NCI line, remember, first off, it's after tax. Second, it also includes the impact of the integration costs, which we capture in our corporate items. But is obviously, then, netted off -- our partner's share on that is netted off in those NCI. The underlying profitability, that low double-digit margin, is coming in just as we expected.
Kristen Smith Wenker: I'm sorry, we're out of time. I know there's some people still in queue. Give me a shout if I can be of help, and thanks for your time today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2012 Q2  (2011-12-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kristen Smith Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations Donal Leo Mulligan - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Christopher D. O'Leary - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating officer of International  Kendall J. Powell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the General Mills Second Quarter F '12 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, December 20, 2011. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kris Wenker, VP Investor Relations with General Mills. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kristen Smith Wenker: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. I'm here with Don Mulligan, our CFO; and Chris O'Leary, Executive Vice President and Head of our international operation. Ken Powell, our CEO, is traveling, but he's participating by phone. I'm going to turn the call over to the 3 of them in just a minute, but first, I'll cover my usual housekeeping item. Our press release on second quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It's also posted on our website. We've posted slides on the website too that supplement today's prepared remarks. These remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's packet lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. Let me also observe here that we're going to conclude this call promptly on time, because I know a number of you want to listen to ConAgra. So let's do one question per person, please. No voice.  With that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Don.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Thanks, Kris. Hello, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning. As you've seen from our financial results release this morning, General Mills continues to deliver stellar performance in a tough operating environment. We posted broad-based net sales growth, reflecting our international Yoplait acquisition and strong levels of price realization and new product activity across our base business. Despite significant input cost pressure and a high single-digit increase in media investment, our earnings were generally in line with year ago levels. We expect to deliver strong sales and earnings growth in the second half of the year. So in total, General Mills is on track to deliver our full year sales and earning targets for 2012. Slide 5 summarizes our results for the quarter. Sales totaled $4.6 billion, up 14%. Segment operating profit grew 2%. Net earnings attributable to General Mills totaled $445 million, and diluted earnings per share were $0.67 as reported. These results include changes in the mark-to-market valuations of certain commodity positions as well as integration expenses from the international Yoplait acquisition. We're also lapping a net benefit from certain tax matters in the year ago period. Excluding these items, adjusted diluted EPS would be $0.76, in line with our year ago performance. Slide 6 shows the components of our net sales growth on an as-reported basis, which includes a full 3 months of results from Yoplait International. Pound volume contributed 10 percentage points of growth in the quarter. Sales mix and net price realization added 3 points of sales growth, and foreign exchange added one percentage point to our sales growth rate. So on an as-reported basis, net sales increased 14%. Excluding the impact of Yoplait International, net sales grew 6%. Price mix drove this underlying performance, contributing 10 points of sales growth. As expected, pound volume was lower in the quarter, down 4 percentage points, and foreign exchange did not have a material impact on sales growth this quarter.  Slide 7 details our net sales performance by segment. U.S. Retail net sales grew 3%. International had a great quarter, whether you look at it with or without Yoplait. Sales, as reported, were up 55%. Excluding Yoplait, our sales still increased at a double-digit rate. And net sales in our Bakeries and Foodservice segment also increased strongly at 12%. Slide 8 outlines our second quarter gross margin performance. On a reported basis, gross margin declined to 34.5%. Remember that this includes the mark-to-market changes in value for grain inventories and commodity hedges we'll use in future periods. Excluding these mark-to-market effects, our gross margin was 36.5%, down 300 basis points. The addition of Yoplait International accounts for about 35% to 40% of that decline. The remainder reflects higher input costs year-over-year for our base business. As a reminder, our estimate for fiscal 2012 input cost inflation continues to be 10% to 11%.  Slide 9 focuses on our media spending. We invested strong levels in brand building activities to drive sales growth. Our second quarter advertising and media expense increased 8%. This includes media investment for Yoplait International and a 3% increase in media expense for our base business. Our in-market consumer pressure continues to grow as measured by GRPs. In the second quarter, our U.S. GRPs increased at a mid-single-digit rate on top of a double-digit increase in the second quarter of 2011. Slide 10 summarizes our segment operating profit for the quarter. U.S. Retail profit was 4% below year ago levels, reflecting higher input cost and a 6% increase in media investment for this business segment. International profit increased 50%, with significant contributions from Yoplait and good growth from our base business. And Bakeries and Foodservice profit grew 1% despite a sharp -- despite sharply higher input cost.  After-tax earnings from joint ventures declined $6 million in the quarter. This was driven by higher input costs for CPW. On a constant currency basis, CPW sales were up 3%, led by growth from Nesquik and Chocapic brands. Constant currency sales for Häagen-Dazs Japan declined 5%, reflecting the challenging economic conditions in that market.  Completing our review of the income statement, you see that interest expense increased 7% in the quarter due to increased levels of overall debt with the addition of Yoplait. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 33.3%. Excluding items affecting comparability in both periods, our tax rate was 33.7% compared to 33.5% a year ago. Yoplait integration cost, about $4 million, did not have material impact on earnings per share in the quarter. And to remind you, these expenses fall in corporate unallocated items and are excluded from our calculation of adjusted diluted EPS. Let me now turn to the balance sheet. Slide 13 shows that core working capital declined 6% in the quarter even with the inclusion of Yoplait International. This was driven primarily by planned inventory reductions with some additional benefit from the timing of promotional payments. First half cash flow from operations totaled roughly $1.2 billion, nearly double the $600 million in the first half of 2011. In addition to the decline in core working capital, changes in the fair value of open grain contracts and foreign currency hedging also contributed to the increase. We expect growth in operating cash flow to remain strong in the second half as well. Slide 15 summarizes our financial performance through the first half of the fiscal year. Net sales were up 12% as reported and up 6% excluding Yoplait. Despite significantly higher input cost and increased media investments, segment operating profit matched year ago levels. Net earnings attributable to General Mills totaled $850 million, and diluted earnings per share were $1.28. Excluding items affecting comparability, our adjusted earnings per share totaled $1.41 compared to $1.40 a year ago. So with the first half completed, we remain on track to deliver our 2012 targets. In the second half of the year, we expect to deliver double-digit growth in net sales with significant contributions from Yoplait International and strong levels of product innovation and consumer marketing support on our base business. Gross margin as a percent of sales will remain below year ago levels, reflecting the business mix shift to include Yoplait International and higher year-over-year input cost, but we expect the magnitude of the margin decline for our base business will be less than in the first half. We expect segment operating profit to be above year ago levels in the second half, including a planned increase in advertising and media investment. Adjusted diluted earnings per share are expected to grow at a high-single digit to low double-digit rate in the second half. We expect growth to be faster in the fourth quarter than in the third.  And for 2012 in total, we're reaffirming the guidance we provided this past summer. We expect EPS to grow at a mid-single-digit rate and reach $2.59 to $2.61 per share. Our guidance excludes any mark-to-market effects and Yoplait integration costs. I'm now going to turn the microphone over to Chris O'Leary. Chris?
Christopher D. O'Leary: Thanks Don, and good morning, everyone. I appreciate the opportunity to update you on General Mills' International business. Last month marked the 10th anniversary of our acquisition of Pillsbury, which really opened the door for General Mills' expansion to international markets. Remember that back in 2001, General Mills reported only $300 million in international sales, and most of that was Canada. The Pillsbury acquisition transformed our international profile. We doubled our business in Canada, and we picked up great brands like Häagen-Dazs, Wanchai Ferry, Old El Paso and Green Giant that gave us a foundation to build on in many other markets. Today, we have a decade of growth under our belts. Including pro forma sales estimates for Yoplait, our international net sales now exceed $4 billion. It might surprise some of you that half of General Mills' total employees now work outside the United States. We have 30 manufacturing locations outside the U.S and sales in over 100 countries. With Yoplait included, our International segment generates 25% of General Mills' reported net sales.  Fiscal 2012 is shaping up to be another year of strong growth for our International business. Through the first half of the year, net sales and operating profit expanded by more than 40% on an as-reported basis and increased at double-digit rates in constant currency. Now those figures obviously include strong contributions from Yoplait. But even if Yoplait is excluded, our sales and profit are growing at double-digit rates. Slide 20 shows the components of our International sales growth in the first half. Sales, as reported, increased 43%. The addition of Yoplait with the lower price per pound is the driver of the lower price and mix you see here. Net sales excluding Yoplait were healthy as well, with pound volume, pricing and mix and foreign exchange all contributing to net sales growth of 13% on the base business. Slide 21 shows you our first half sales growth by region. On a constant currency basis, we had double-digit sales increases in all 4 regions. Let me give you some highlights for each of them. In Canada, constant currency sales increased 24%, driven by cereal and the addition of Liberté yogurt business. We're leading growth for the cereal category in Canada with great innovation. We have the strongest new product lineup we have had in many years with the launches of Chocolate Cheerios, a shredded wheat variety of Fiber One and 2 varieties of gluten-free Chex. And with the recent approval from Canadian authorities to talk about the cholesterol-fighting benefits of oat fiber in Cheerios, we're bringing established product news to the market as well. Our year-to-date performance has been terrific. We've added 2 full share points so far this year. We think this kind of -- this combination of innovation and health news will add up to a good year for our cereal business in Canada. We are also seeing a terrific performance on our Canadian yogurt business. Liberté is the leading brand of organic and natural yogurt in Canada and is the clear share leader in the fast-growing Greek segment. Year-to-date, net sales have increased at a double-digit rate, and we've added 1.6 points of market share. In Latin America, our constant currency sales were up 16% through the first half, with contribution from both volume growth and pricing. Our performance is being led by Nature Valley. We are seeing distribution gains across multiple customer channels. Year-to-date sales are up double digits. Regional brand performance is also contributing to our sales growth. We've added a premium pasta line to our La Salteña business in Argentina, driving double-digit growth on this business.  We continue to deliver strong results in Europe. First half constant currency sales increased 80%, reflecting 3 months of Yoplait contributions and mid-single-digit growth for our base business. Across Europe, Häagen-Dazs sales have increased at a mid-single-digit rate, and we have gained share in each of the 3 largest markets: France, Spain and the U.K. In France, our recent launch of Häagen-Dazs Secret Sensations is exceeding expectations. Consumer response to this product has been terrific. We are rolling out Secret Sensations to more markets across Europe in the back half of the year. Our Nature Valley business in Europe is gaining household penetration through a combination of strong new product performance, retail distribution gains and increased levels of consumer marketing support. Led by our business in the U.K., we continue to gain market share in the grain category. And across Europe, year-to-date, Nature Valley sales have increased at a double-digit rate. Old El Paso is leading the Mexican category in Europe. We are attracting new consumers to the category with innovation like our Extra Mild Fajita Kit. Year-to-date sales for this brand have increased at a high single-digit rate. And we are certainly seeing strong contributions from Yoplait. Our Europe sales has essentially doubled with the addition of this business. While our U.K. share declined slightly in the first half, we are seeing terrific performance in France. With increased product innovation and media investment on key brands like YOP, Perle de Lait and Petits Filous, we've added almost a full share point year-to-date.  So looking at our Europe business in total, we are very pleased with performance this year. Our growth in this region is significantly outpacing results for many of our multinational food peers. The Yoplait acquisition gives us a great branded position in the important yogurt market. And our categories of superpremium ice cream, Mexican meals and grain snacks are in relatively early stages of development here in Europe, so we have great opportunities ahead to increase household penetration of our brands to drive future top line growth. Let me turn now to the Asia Pacific region, where first half constant currency sales increased 15%. On Häagen-Dazs, we continue to see strong sales growth in our standalone retail shops. We expect to open roughly 60 new shops across the Asia Pacific region in fiscal 2012. We've also recently launched Secret Sensations in several Asian markets. We're driving growth on Wanchai Ferry by expanding our product line and reaching new cities. We're now in over 100 cities across greater China and are entering new markets. Strong distribution gains are driving double-digit growth on Nature Valley. We've added chewy varieties in Australia and recently launched Nature Valley in South Korea. We're seeing strength on regional brands as well. Our recent acquisition of Pasta Master in Australia is exceeding our expectations. While in India, our dry mix business is growing at double-digit rates, led by atta flour. Innovation will continue to be a key driver of our Asia Pacific growth, and to support those efforts, we will break ground on a new R&D center in Shanghai in 2012.  Let me just briefly mention Cereal Partners Worldwide, our joint venture with Nestle. You'll hear much more about our plans to grow our cereal business in markets around the world from Christi Strauss at the CAGNY conference in February. CPW has 2 decades of strong growth under its belt. Today, net sales exceed $2 billion, and we have a combined 23 share of cereal category sales across over 130 markets worldwide, and good growth is continuing in fiscal '12. We are building on our positive momentum from last year with first half pound volume up 3% and net sales up 5% on a constant currency basis. We are seeing improving trends in our established markets. In the U.K., our net sales grew at a mid-single-digit rate, outpacing category performance. And in Australia, CPW net sales increased high-single rate -- digit rates, led by growth in Uncle Tobys Hot Oats cereal. We'll also continue to see good growth performance across developing and emerging cereal markets, including mid-single-digit growth in Mexico, and double-digit growth in Brazil and Turkey. So for fiscal 2012 in total, we expect CPW to show good sales and profit growth. With that, let me wrap up my comments on General Mills' international business segment. Our 2012 results will build on a track record of strong performance. In recent years, net sales as reported have increased at a double-digit rate, twice the company average during that time. Our operating profit has been growing at a high single-digit rate, again outpacing total company performance, and the addition of the international Yoplait business significantly increases our scale outside the U.S.  Looking ahead to the next decade, we really like our prospects for increasing our sales and earnings in markets around the world. I've seen some of you write that strong performance around the world starts with great people, and we agree. At the heart of our plans for future growth is a team of over 15,000 employees around the world. Developing our global talent will remain a strategic priority for General Mills moving forward and is critically important to our continued success. Our plans are focused on building 5 global platforms: ready-to-eat cereal, superpremium ice cream, convenient meals, healthy snacks and yogurt. We will drive sales growth in developed markets with core brand innovation. Our categories are still developing in most markets, so significant household penetration opportunities lie ahead. And we will continue to increase scale in emerging markets, including strong -- continued strong levels of investment in China. International has led company growth over the last decade. And with expected sales growth and operating margin expansion above the company average, we expect to lead growth in the years ahead.  On behalf of the entire International division at General Mills, thank you for your time this morning. I will now pass the microphone to Ken.
Kendall J. Powell: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everybody. You just heard about the strong growth we're seeing in our international businesses, so let me give you a quick update on our other 2 business segments, beginning with Bakeries and Foodservice. Through the first half of this year, our sales in this segment are up 12%. That growth has been led by price and mix, but pound volume also is up 1% year-to-date. We are continuing to outperform foodservice industry trends by focusing on the most resilient customer channels. Our sales with Foodservice Distributors grew 8% driven by good performance on our hot breakfast products like Pillsbury Mini Pancakes and French Toast. Our sales in convenience stores were up 10%, led by recent new product launches in the channel like Nature Valley Recharge bars and Fiber One Brownies. And our good growth in bakeries and national restaurant accounts reflects particularly strong performance from in-store bakery items. We continue to innovate for our Foodservice customers, and we'll launch a variety of new products in the second half. For example, we're adding mini waffles to our successful hot breakfast line. In convenience stores, we'll launch several new items, including Nature Valley Granola Thins and new Fruit Twists, which is a gluten-free snack. We continue to expect good sales growth for Bakeries and Foodservice for fiscal 2012 in total. We still expect a mid-single-digit decline in segment operating profit as planned, because we are lapping particularly strong levels of grain merchandising earnings last year. Turning to our U.S. Retail segment. Net sales were up 3% through the first half, with price and mix contributing 9 points of growth. As we mentioned in our press release, pound volume reduced net sales growth by 6 points, primarily reflecting lower shipments of heavier items such as flour, dessert mixes, canned vegetables and yogurt. However, on an equivalent case basis, volume was down just 2% through the first half. Slide 34 shows consumer movement for our product lines across measured and non-tracked channels. Retail dollar sales were up 3% with momentum growing in the second quarter across many of our largest categories. In addition, our baseline or non-promoted dollar sales in Nielsen-measured outlets are up for the fiscal year-to-date, with particularly strong growth for grain snacks, baking products and soup.  Our U.S. Cereal business continues to perform very well. Our dollar share through the first half was 32% in measured outlets, matching year ago levels. We posted good sales on several of our largest established brands, including Honey Nut Cheerios, Chex and Cinnamon Toast Crunch. In addition, new 80-calorie Fiber One Cocoa Puffs Brownie Crunch and Cascadian Farm French Vanilla Almond Granola are doing well. These products will continue to be incremental contributors to our cereal business in the second half. And we have more new cereal innovation coming. Dulce de Leche is our latest addition to the Cheerios franchise. This caramel-flavored cereal features a taste profile that's popular with Hispanic consumers, but we think it will have broad appeal. This new cereal contains 19 grams of whole grain per serving and only 6 grams of sugar. New Peanut Butter Multigrain Cheerios contains 16 grams of whole grains, and Frosted Toast Crunch builds on the success of our Cinnamon Toast Crunch line and offers 11 grams of whole grain per serving. All 3 of these great tasting cereals will be arriving on store shelves in the next few weeks, so we expect Big G to show good sales growth in the second half of this year. Our Snacks business is a growth leader for the U.S. Retail segment this year. Grain snacks is a $1.8 billion category in Nielsen-measured outlets alone, and it's growing at a mid-single-digit pace. Our first half growth led the category with retail sales up 20%. Fiber One Brownies launched in June have been a big hit, contributing to double-digit increase for the Fiber One snack franchise. We also posted double-digit sales growth on our Cascadian Farm organic snack bars.  We've got a great lineup of new products coming in the second half that should help keep this momentum going. New Nature Valley Protein Bars contain 10 grams of protein and 5 grams of fiber per serving, great for consumers looking for added protein for energy or weight management, and we're adding new flavors to our successful Granola Thins and Fiber One snack bar lines. These items taste great and contain 90 calories or less per serving.  Now Larabars aren't a grain snack. They're an all-natural fruit- and nut-based energy bar, and we'll be expanding this line with new crunchy fruit and nut über bars. Retail sales for the Larabar brand are up over 30% so far this year, so we're excited about building on this successful line.  Let me turn to yogurt, where the U.S. yogurt category shows sales up 8% through the first half driven by the Greek segment. Yoplait is lagging that category performance, and we saw volume declines for our original and light businesses in the quarter. However, Yoplait Greek yogurt is gaining momentum, with sales up 50% year-to-date, as we benefit from additional manufacturing capacity and advertising support that began in August. The kid yogurt segment also is growing, and Yoplait is leading that growth with strong performance from Go-GURT. Sales for that line are up double digit due to a great ad campaign and effective Hispanic marketing initiatives. And Mountain High yogurt was incremental to sales in the first half. We've got some good innovation coming on Yoplait in the second half. We'll introduce Greek yogurt and granola parfaits and new flavors of our Greek yogurt in multipack formats. We're also launching a new line of lactose-free Yoplait yogurt. Studies show that around 15% of U.S. consumers are lactose intolerant, and the percentage is higher among the growing multicultural populations. Dairy products that provide a lactose-free benefit are growing at a double-digit rate, so our retail customers recognize the increasing importance of this trend. We think this is a good innovation for the Yoplait brand, and we'll support this new line with couponing, digital advertising and in-store sampling. And for consumers making weight loss part of their New Year's resolutions, we'll be increasing our digital marketing efforts on Yoplait Light, including advertising on key weight management and health-oriented sites like Weight Watchers and Everyday Health.  As we've said before, 2012 is an investment year for Yoplait, but we are seeing improving trends on many parts of our business, and we expect that to continue in the second half. We've got a number of convenient meal items that are doing well. New Pillsbury Egg Scrambles and Breakfast Sandwiches are perfect for a fast, hot breakfast. Launched last quarter, they've been exceeding our expectations, and we project their combined year one retail sales in all channels will total more than $40 million. Totino's Pizza Stuffers are another first quarter launch that is exceeding expectations. Year one retail sales for these heat-and-eat sandwiches should exceed $20 million in all channels. Progresso soup had a very strong first half with retail sales increasing more than 6%, driven by pricing and compelling product news. So far this year, baseline or non-promoted sales are up 8%. We also had significant distribution gains in the quarter driven by retailer SKU rationalization in the soup aisle. And our Old El Paso Mexican dinner kits posted good performance in the first half, too. Retail sales grew 5% as they make for a fun and an economical family dinner. So in total, U.S. Retail is on track to meet our full year targets of mid-single-digit sales growth and low single-digit operating profit for this business segment. Product innovation is a key growth driver for all of our businesses. We launched more than 100 new products across our 3 business segments in the first half of fiscal 2012. We'll build on that success with more than 50 new products coming in the second half. While the total number of new products launching this year is comparable to last year, we think the quality of our innovation is strong and new products will continue to drive incremental sales growth for us in the second half and beyond. So to summarize today's update on General Mills, our first half performance reflected strong sales growth driven by the Yoplait acquisition, price realization and product innovation. We expect to generate strong sales and EPS growth in the second half. Our guidance calls for double-digit net sales growth and high single-digit to low double-digit growth in earnings per share over the last 6 months of the year. We see several factors contributing to our second half growth. First, our net sales and operating profit will continue to reflect significant contributions from the Yoplait acquisition. And then across our base business, our categories continue to grow. The pricing action we announced in 2011 are now in the market. We see the contraction in our gross margins moderating in the second half, and we have a strong lineup of both innovation and marketing programs. So we are on track to achieve our financial targets for the full year.  So thank you for your interest in General Mills this morning. We'd be very happy to answer your questions now. Operator, can you please get us started?
Operator: The first question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. I wanted to talk a little bit more, Ken, about the Greek yogurt segment in the United States and U.S. yogurt overall. We've done a lot of analysis on this market. The Greek segment looks like it's doubled in size in the last 12 months. It's now about 25% of the U.S. yogurt category. General Mills, according to our numbers, has just about a 5% share, and distribution points in our food, drug and mass data look flattish, maybe even down slightly. I guess the heart of the question here is what's your confidence level that you can really penetrate this market, the Greek yogurt segment? And can you talk a little bit in more depth about your plans to do so? How do you go up against Chobani, which looks like it has a fairly significantly lead at this point?
Kendall J. Powell: So thanks for the question, David. And obviously, the -- your numbers on the impressive growth of this segment are -- we're well aware of those. And the way we look at it is as follows. First of all, the yogurt category is -- it's an enormous segment. It's the second largest segment we compete in, and it's showing a tremendous growth right now, as you all know, driven by Greek. So it's big, and it's growing, so it's exciting. We do not have our fair share of that segment or of the growth right now, and we're obviously very determined to get that. We are very pleased with the performance that we've had from Yoplait Greek in the first half. That's played out very much as we thought it would, and so that product grew about 50%. We now have more capacity, and we're advertising that we're introducing extensions to that line, so we think that, that will continue to grow very rapidly in the second half, and we're pleased with that. Beyond that, the only thing I want to say is that I think that you're going to see a very high level of innovation in the yogurt category generally and in Greek yogurt specifically over the next 6 to 12 months. I'm certain that, that will happen. We have other initiatives that we're working on. We're very committed to getting our fair share of that segment. And while we're very pleased with Yoplait Greek and we believe that's going to continue to grow, again, I think you will see a very high continuing level of innovation in the category generally and in Greek yogurt, and we're very committed through that innovation to build and get our fair share of that segment.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: One quick follow-up on yogurt. Do you expect the original and light segments to grow in the second half? Or will they continue to decline? When does the pressure abate in those big segments?
Kendall J. Powell: Yes. We're very committed to stabilizing the performance in those segments. And so we think that, for instance, the lactose-free product that we're launching, that's a very good idea. There are lots of consumers out there who need to avoid lactose, and we're the first player to really take that segment seriously in yogurt. And so we think that, that will help. And we have other initiatives that we're working on, on those core cup brands that we think will strengthen their appeal to consumers. So we think that the performance will improve in the second half.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on your comment on the distribution gains that you had in your Soup business. Just so I'm clear on it, is the -- some of the SKU rationalization that you talked about that retailers have done, has that taken away sort of shelf space from the overall soup category? Or has it just kind of resulted in a shifting, if you will, competitively in space that you've been able to pick up?
Kendall J. Powell: Andrew, it wasn't so much of a -- I wouldn't describe it as a competitive shift. Really I would describe it more as a focus on what are the top turners and making sure that they had a good representation of those turners. So just as an example, the Rich & Hearty portion of the Progresso line, which is -- these are really sort of full-flavor robust soups. Think Italian wedding, these kinds of products. Those are very, very high turners. And as we did our analysis of the category, we saw the products -- that many of those, as an example, Rich & Hearty products, were underrepresented even though they continue to be very, very popular with consumers and very high turning. And some of the space in the category had moved to some of the newer items, some of the simplicity items and which turn but don't turn as well as some of the core items. So I think what we're seeing is kind of a return to what are the top items. Let's organize the category around turns. And as they've done that, we've certainly seen our performance improve. We've gained a significant amount of distribution, for instance, around that Rich & Hearty line, over the last 3 or 4 months.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess I wanted to kind of delve into the issue of the weight versus the units or volume. And I guess not so much specifically, Ken, kind of like tracking it from General Mills' perspective but kind of how do we think about that within the context of the consumer and the retailers? Is it -- like is that a -- like an economic issue that consumers are, I don't know, going towards products that, I don't know, maybe less expensive or less density? Or how do I interpret that because that's -- I don't remember you referencing that kind of differential in terms of your volume numbers. So perhaps you could just kind of go into that a bit more.
Kendall J. Powell: Well, let me -- Eric, let me take a shot at it, because I think it is complicated and a little bit confusing, and I'll give you my take on it and then I suspect that Don will want to jump in. We look at both weight, literally gross weight pounds, which is I think a common industry measure. Obviously, we also focus on units. And units are what we produce in our plants, and they are what consumers buy, and they're what retailers sell. So I think you have to keep in mind both measures. As you look at our portfolio this year and the way it's performed -- and I apologize for going through this in a little bit of detail, but it might be worthwhile just to sort of run it down for you. Cereal, up 3% or 4%, that one's fine. Grain, way, way up. Everything is working -- our Pillsbury division, everything's working pretty well there and good baseline on those core products and our -- several of our core businesses in the Meals Division. So soup, for instance, baselines and distribution, as we were just commenting, quite strong there. Old El Paso, quite strong. In the Meals Division, it's really the heavier products, which are our canned vegetable and our frozen vegetable products, that are seeing bigger declines. And they're seeing those declines because those products saw the highest inflation or very high inflation relative to the rest of our business. And so high inflation logically corresponds to a bit tougher volume picture, and these happen to be heavy products. So I think it's a very logical link of inflation leading to differential elasticity on the volume in products that just happen to be heavy. It's a very similar case in Baking, where those products, flour, cake mix, primarily wheat based and grain based and as a result, those products had differentially higher inflation and slightly bigger volume declines. By the way, very much expected by us, given the work that we do around elasticity. They also happen to be heavy products. And then yogurt, with the issues that we've talked about there, yogurt is a heavier product. So higher inflation leading to higher pricing for a couple of the segments and leading to bigger declines in products that happen to be heavier. So hopefully, that is somewhat helpful. I think our, obviously, consumers and our retail partners are focused on unit sales. And there, we commented that those are down 2%, and what I would say there is that is very, very much in line with what we modeled and what we expected. And so we're pretty much -- Eric, we're pretty much where we thought we would be given the level of inflation and the level of pricing that we took at the beginning of the year. Don, would you add anything to that?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, I think you captured the drivers very well. The only thing that I would add is that while this is a particularly wide gap between units and the weight volume measures, we have had it before, a couple of years ago kind of in this -- it was either in Q2 or Q3 during soup season, we had a similar gap. So it has -- it does happen from time to time, and that's why we try to point it out, because to Ken's main point is it's the units that really matter from a retailer and a consumer standpoint and from, in fact, a leverage standpoint.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then, Don, does this then -- like should we think about this reversing as some of like the baked goods products kind of fall off seasonally and that this reverses in the second half to get to your full year view?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. You will see less -- because those products are seasonal, obviously, it goes a little bit into our Q3 as well, you will a lessening of that impact in the back half. Yes.
Kendall J. Powell: And you'll also, Eric, see us -- I mean we'll begin comping periods where -- I mean, remember, we began taking our pricing in the early spring of last year in February, so as we start comping the period where our pricing was really starting to hit retail. Then as you said, we see that comp, and the pressure should moderate here somewhat.
Operator: And the next question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So I wanted to ask about your plans for taking Yoplait into China. I think I've seen reports over the last week that Danone has decided to close one of its China plants on the yogurt side and most of the reports cite intense local competition as one of the reasons for that. I know you've talked about wanting to take Yoplait into China, and I guess this may be a question for Chris. But how does that news affect the way that you think about entering that yogurt market in China and just making sure that you're using cash as wisely as possible as you do so?
Kendall J. Powell: Yes. Chris, I think that one's yours.
Christopher D. O'Leary: Okay. So thanks, Alexia, for that question. The first thing I would say is yogurt is a big category in China. It's about $4.5 billion, growing double digit, and we clearly see that not stopping. So that is the first thing. I think to succeed in China, you need a combination of the right product and the right local team to execute against those plans. As you know, we have a very strong team in China, some 4,000-plus employees, mainly local Chinese, who have done a great job on brands like Häagen-Dazs and Wanchai Ferry. And with regards to the success of our likely, we haven't announced plans to go into China, but we are looking at it. Yes, we have to be mindful of all the considerations to make it a successful launch. So do we have the right product? Do we have the right dairy sourcing? Do we have the right cold chain distribution system and relationships with the retailers? So that's obviously all factored in. I won't specifically comment on Danone's success or failure there. Although I will say we have had tremendous success thus far in China in our other categories, and if we do launch yogurt, it would be a very mindful, very planful launch.
Kendall J. Powell: One thing I would add. Yes, one thing I would add to that, Alexia, is that I think one of the secrets to our strong success in China is that we've really proven out business models in small geography before we've expanded. And so anything that we do there has been -- really prove it out, learn about the consumer reaction and dynamics and then expand. So that's been a conservative model, but it's worked very, very well for us.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just on pricing. Have you taken all the pricing that you're required to take to offset the higher commodity prices? And is the implication that once February comes around that there will be a greater than your long-term growth in terms of the margin expansion opportunity given that commodities have seemingly stabilized? Can you just talk to that a little bit?
Kendall J. Powell: Hey, Don, will you take that one?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Sure. Well, Ken, as you know, we don't talk prospectively about our pricing. But as we've been clear, we began taking pricing last really end of the third quarter, but more in our fourth quarter of fiscal 2011 in anticipation of the inflation that we saw coming in 2012. And so that pricing impact has built as this year has unfolded. One of the reasons that we point to better profit growth in the second half is -- one of the factors will be that we will have that pricing fully in place. But we're not going to talk prospectively about any pricing actions that we may or may not take.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Is there a point in time though with the price -- with the commodities leveling off that you would actually -- how would, I guess, General Mills react to a potentially deflationary commodity environment if that comes out next year?
Donal Leo Mulligan: That's highly speculative and hypothetical at this point. Again, as you know, when we look long term at input cost, we expect them to average inflation in the mid-single digits based on world demand. And we haven't come off that, and we certainly haven't given any specific guidance for F '13 yet.
Kendall J. Powell: The only -- the thing I'd add to that, Ken, is remember, we're only halfway through our fiscal year. So we've got 6 months to go, which in these commodity markets has proven to be a lifetime over the last several years. So what we will do for you at our -- around our June meeting, as we always do, is we will give you our best forecast of pricing for -- or I'd beg your pardon, of inflation for our coming year. And so we'll do that about 6 months from now.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Last inflation cycle, General Mills volume held up really well, probably the best in the industry, and that was in spite of a rapid price pass-through environment. The domestic retail business has fallen off in terms of volume more this time. Aside from yogurt, and we obviously talked a little bit about the weightier products, why do you think the inflation cycle has been different for Mills in this inflation cycle? And relatedly, I'm wondering how volume might set up for fiscal '13. Do you think as input cost maybe abates somewhat, you might be able to promote a little bit more than you've been doing and stabilize volume as you exit this year?
Kendall J. Powell: So the key factor, going back to that last big cycle, David, is that if you'll recall, that was the period of time where we saw consumers move away in a pretty measurable way from Food-Away-From-Home, so we saw quite a bit downward adjustment in meals at restaurants, meals at home. And that volume ended up in the grocery store and gave us the cycle that you described, which was not only strong pricing in an inflationary environment but that volume tailwind that we got from Food-Away-From-Home. So this go-around we are seeing so far this year anyway, really over the last 12 to 18 months, we've seen that Food-Away-From-Home sector basically moving sideways. So we're not getting nearly the same level of contribution from that kind of change. So I think that accounts for what we're seeing this time, which is a more sort of classic response based on elasticity around price increases. And as we move into our next fiscal year, which again, 6 months down the road, we'll comment more fully on how we see volume pricing inflation, that sort of thing then.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta with Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Wanted to touch upon your inflation outlook. I was a bit surprised that it didn't change much from the 10% that you spoke about previously given the moderation in some commodities that we've seen. Are you guys using options as one of the tools in your hedging? And if so, why not a little bit of a pullback in the inflation that you're expecting?
Kendall J. Powell: Hey, Don, would you take that?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Sure. Eric, our inflation expectations for the year are -- have been, obviously, pretty consistent things since we first announced them last summer. As we sit here today, we're about 90% covered. And so we have a pretty good line of sight over the year. We'll come in from an inflation standpoint. And as always, we use a number of tools for that coverage, which gives us pretty good line of sight on where the costs are going to come in. To say we've had any pullback, obviously, that's taken into account in our estimate. But again, for many of our core products, prices are still up year-over-year on a spot basis.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask you, I guess, a bit of a follow-up on Eric's question. Your first half or second half cost inflation, I'm not sure if you've talked about that in any more detail. I didn't catch it if you did. But how much of a factor or less of a factor is cost inflation in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year?
Kendall J. Powell: Don, why don't you just keep it going?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes. What we talked about, Chris, is that we expect gross margin compression to improve or lessen in the second half of the year. There's a number of factors. One is sales growth. We do expect volumes to improve in the back half. We talked about innovation. Our media will still be up strongly, and we'll be rolling over softer volume in last year's fourth quarter. Our pricing will be fully in place. That will help -- we'll have a little bit of plus for mix. But one of the other things that maybe isn't as apparent that I think is important to point out is our inventory management. You see it very strongly in the cash flow. We came into this year knowing our sales volumes would be down. We took a very proactive stance in terms of how we managed our inventory, and we brought our inventory units down as well, actually even slightly more than our sales. Volume has come down. You see that in our cash flow, where inventory has freed up about $300 million this year versus a year ago. One of the impacts that has is you have less production units to absorb the manufacturing cost. So you have more costs coming into your P&L and the time you're bringing inventory down, and we saw that in our first half. As we look at our second half, we have really taken down the inventory to the level that we wanted to, so we'll see less of that in the second half. And that was about -- probably about a 70-basis-point drag in our first half gross margins that will not reappear in the second half. It's about $30 million in total, so about $0.03 on our EPS. So that will not reappear in the second half, and so that's one of the reasons that we have confidence, again with sales growth and pricing in place, that we'll have improved gross margins in the back half versus the first half. Still down from a year ago because of that high inflation but less compression than we saw in the first half.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And in that second half, Yoplait would still be roughly a 100-basis-point drag on the gross margin. Is that about right?
Donal Leo Mulligan: We'll still have the same relative impact in the back half, correct. Yes, Yoplait International.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. I wanted to just ask a quick question on the Yogurt business. So for the -- a follow-up on the U.S. yogurt question from earlier. When do you expect that business to return to positive sales growth in the U.S.?
Kendall J. Powell: We are very focused on returning that business to sales growth as we move into our next fiscal year.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So a fiscal '13 event. And then on the -- on Yoplait International, can you give us -- and I apologize if I'm missed this -- the comparable growth rate for that business in the quarter?
Kendall J. Powell: Kris, do you have that?
Kristen Smith Wenker: Say that again?
Christopher D. O'Leary: Yes. Can you repeat the question, please?
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes. I was just wondering how fast Yoplait International grew in the quarter on a comparable basis. I realize, of course, you've known it last year, but just wondering the -- where that business is tracking from a growth perspective.
Christopher D. O'Leary: Thank you. I can talk you through July, October. So is that close enough?
Kristen Smith Wenker: Yes, better than...
Christopher D. O'Leary: So anyway, the international side, France has started growing over that timeframe high single digit. U.K. is growing low single digit. The Liberté business in Canada is growing double digit. So strong growth across 2 to 3 segments.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Janney.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Just a quick one. I wanted to -- considering a lot of, I think, the data you've given us on this call, the order of presentation I think, certainly the Yoplait deal, seems like a greater international focus has been happening at General Mills, and I think that's indicative of the industry more broadly. Can you talk -- as you look forward -- I mean, certainly, you have your cash flow generative. You have room to borrow. Are international acquisitions rising in importance to General Mills as sort of the domestic environment so it doesn't become impossible to fix but maybe a little bit more challenging and a little bit more elastic in certain spots at the moment?
Kendall J. Powell: Well, I'd make a couple of comments on that, Jonathan. First of all, we love our U.S. business, and we've -- we think we're in great categories, and we clearly are in great categories. And where we have an issue right now in yogurt -- but it happens to be in a category that's absolutely terrific. And we will figure out how to -- through innovation, how to reaccelerate our growth in that category, and we just -- we love the outlook for healthy snacking in the U.S. We think the cereal category is terrific. We're getting great performance out of our Pillsbury brands, these -- really, these tried-and-true businesses that just keep knocking it out, very high margin, and so we really like the business in the U.S. And as we've said in many previous calls, we're always looking for businesses that we might tuck into that U.S. business, because we think that the profile of the business is so good. Obviously, we live an era of tremendous international expansion. And as you pointed out in your question, we're trying to capture that through these steps that we've taken. And as we've said many times before, we -- we're -- are looking for other ways to build and gain scale internationally. So I think the answer is yes, we're always looking. Now is a great time, as you've said, and we'll continue to do that.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: But the priority hasn't really changed recently from the past 6 months?
Kendall J. Powell: Not really. I mean, we're really looking for ways to capitalize on the opportunities that we see both in the U.S. market which, as I said, we think is terrific and also outside the U.S. So we're really kind of broadminded in the way we're looking.
Kristen Smith Wenker: And we're going to stop there so that ConAgra can start on time. If you have follow-up questions, please give me a shout. Happy holidays, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-09-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Donal Leo Mulligan - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Ian R. Friendly - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating officer of Us Retail Kristen Smith Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations Kendall J. Powell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc., Research Division Mineo Sakan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Todd Duvick - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the General Mills First Quarter F'12 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, September 21, 2011. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kris Wenker, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristen Smith Wenker: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. I'm here with Ken Powell, our CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO; and Ian Friendly, Executive Vice President and Head of our U.S. Retail Operations, and I'll turn the call over to them in just a minute. First, I need to cover my usual housekeeping item. Our press release and first quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It's also posted on our website if you still need a copy. We've posted slides on the website too. They supplement today's prepared remarks. These remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I will turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Don.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Thanks, Kris, and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning. As you've seen from our financial results released this morning, General Mills is off to a good start in fiscal 2012. We delivered sales growth in each of our 3 operating segments. The quarter included a strong level of product innovation and a 7% increase in advertising investment. And while the inflationary pressure on our gross margin was every bit as challenging as we expected, earnings were a bit better than we had forecast, with adjusted earnings per share matching year-ago levels. In total, we remain on track to deliver our full year sales and earnings targets for 2012. Slide 5 summarizes our results for the quarter. As a reminder, our results now include the Yoplait international business acquired on July 1. We report this business on a 1-month lag, so there's only 1 month of Yoplait performance in our first quarter results. Sales totaled $3.8 billion, up 9%. Segment operating profit declined 3% in the quarter, reflecting higher input costs and increased advertising investment. Net earnings totaled $406 million, and diluted earnings per share were $0.61 as reported. These results include a net decrease in the mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories that reduced earnings per share by $0.03 this quarter. Excluding mark-to-market effects, diluted EPS would be $0.64, matching year-ago performance. Slide 6 shows the components of our total sales growth on an as-reported basis, including the 1 month of results from the Yoplait international acquisition. Pound volume contributed 2 percentage points of growth in the quarter. Sales mix and net price realization added 5 points to sales growth, and foreign exchange added 2 percentage points to our sales growth rate. Slide 7 provides a breakdown of our first quarter sales growth, excluding the impact of the Yoplait acquisition. As expected, pound volume was lower in the quarter, down 3 percentage points. Price and mix contributed 7 points of sales growth and foreign exchange added 2 points. So net sales, excluding the Yoplait acquisition, increased 6%. Slide 8 details our net sales performance by segment. U.S. Retail net sales grew 3%, led by strong performance in our Snacks business. International sales were up 30%, including 1 month of Yoplait international results. Excluding Yoplait, our sales still increased at a double-digit rate, and net sales in our Bakeries and Foodservice segment increased 13%. Slide 9 outlines our first quarter gross margin performance. As we told you this summer, our first quarter represented this year's toughest gross margin comparison. On a reported basis, gross margin declined to 37.6%, reflecting the impact of higher input costs for products sold in the current period and changes in the mark-to-market value of grain inventories and commodity hedges we'll use in future periods. Excluding mark-to-market effects, our gross margin declined 250 basis points. The addition of Yoplait international accounts for roughly 50 basis points of that decline. The remainder reflects higher input costs. For the full year, we still anticipate that our underlying gross margin, excluding mark-to-market effects and the impact of Yoplait international, will decline by roughly 100 basis points. We continue to invest in consumer marketing to drive top line growth. Our investment in media and advertising increased 7% in this year's first quarter on top of an 8% increase last year. Slide 11 shows our segment operating profit for the quarter. Total segment profits declined 3%, reflecting the higher input costs and increased advertising investment. U.S. Retail profit was 5% below last year levels. International profits increased 30%, reflecting strong top line growth and favorable foreign exchange. And Bakeries and Foodservice profit declined 15% for the quarter, as improved net price realization did not fully offset higher input costs in the period. Grain merchandising earnings also declined from strong year-ago levels. After-tax earnings from joint ventures exceeded our expectations, up 7% to $28 million for the quarter, including favorable foreign exchange effects. On a constant-currency basis, CPW sales were up 8% in the quarter, led by growth from the Nesquik and Chocapic brands. First quarter constant currency sales for Häagen-Dazs Japan also increased 8%, excellent performance in that challenging environment. Completing our review of the income statement, you see that interest expense declined 5% in the quarter, reflecting lower rates and changes in our debt mix. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.1%. Excluding mark-to-market effects, our tax rate was 32.4% compared to 32.8% a year ago, and the average number of diluted shares outstanding declined modestly in the quarter. We still expect our share repurchase activity would be lower this year, as we used cash to fund the Yoplait acquisition, but at a minimum, we expect share repurchases to offset options exercise. Switching to the balance sheet. Slide 14 shows that total core working capital increased 8% in the quarter, roughly in line with sales. The Yoplait acquisition contributed to the higher balances for both receivables and payables in the quarter. These were largely offsetting. The increase in inventory values was driven by rising input costs. You'll also see other impacts of Yoplait international reflected in our balance sheet, including Sodiaal's ownership interest. A portion of the Sodiaal ownership is classified as noncontrolling interest. The larger piece is listed as redeemable interest. This reflects the fact that we agreed to give Sodiaal limited annual rights to put that portion of their ownership interest to us over the next 9 years. So with the first quarter completed, we're on track to deliver our 2012 targets, now including Yoplait international. We expect to deliver double-digit growth in net sales this year. We expect segment operating profit to grow slower than sales. A robust pipeline of HMM activity will offset most, but not all, of the 10% to 11% input cost inflation we expect this year. We expect to generate earnings growth over the remaining 9 months of the year, with the pace of growth strengthening as the year unfolds. For 2012 in total, we're reaffirming the guidance we provided this summer. We expect EPS to grow at a mid-single digit rate and reach $2.59 to $2.61 per share. This range includes the roughly $0.01 drag we've estimated for the Yoplait acquisition, which is driven by increased amortization and depreciation expense and the EPS impact of reduced share repurchase activity. Our EPS guidance excludes any mark-to-market effects in Yoplait integration costs. With that, I'll turn the microphone over to Ian for an update on our U.S. Retail business. Ian?
Ian R. Friendly: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin with a snapshot of the improving trends we're seeing at the category level. As we have discussed before, input costs are up significantly for food manufacturers. In response, branded and private label manufacturers have taken pricing actions to offset a portion of the input cost inflation. Across our categories, average unit prices have increased sequentially and were up nearly 5% for the first quarter of our fiscal 2012. Food manufacturers have also built greater levels of product innovation and marketing support into current year plan. And as a result, category sales trends are improving. In fact, this improvement in category trends is quite broad based. As you can see on Slide 18, category net sale trends across all channels improved in 11 of our top 12 categories this quarter. And in aggregate, net sales for our major categories grew over 4% across all channels in the first quarter after flat performance in fiscal 2011. Now our market share performance across these categories was admittedly a mixed bag, with declines in cereal and yogurt and gains in grain snacks and soup. In total, our dollar share was down a bit in the quarter, but that's consistent with our expectations at this stage of the year. Our U.S. Retail pound volume also declined this quarter as anticipated. Some of this decline reflects our actions to reduce trade spending and take pricing, but changes in product mix also contributed to our pound volume decline. Volumes declined for some of our heavier products, including soup, canned vegetables and dessert mixes, while our strongest volume gains came in lighter product offerings like grain snacks. And while inflation required us to take moderate levels of pricing on a variety of our products earlier this year, our HMM cost savings efforts mitigated this somewhat. Slide 20 shows the current non-promoted price per serving for a variety of our products. We’re focused on ensuring our brands remain affordable, mainstream choices for consumers. As Don mentioned earlier, net sales for U.S. Retail increased 3% in the quarter, led by our Snacks and Small Planet Foods divisions. For the full year, we expect net price realization to help drive mid-single-digit growth in net sales. We'll also grow our business by staying focused on product innovation and effective marketing support. Let me give you a few examples of those efforts, starting with cereal. The U.S. ready-to-eat cereal category generates more than $6 billion in annual sales in Nielsen-measured channels alone. The improving category trends that began in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011 have continued, with sales dollars up nearly 3% in measured channels in the first quarter. Now remember that in the first quarter of last year, category dollar sales declined due to a competitor recall and increased levels of trade promotion focused on smaller brands. This year, first quarter average unit price was higher for each of the branded cereal manufacturers and also for private label. First quarter sales for our cereal business grew 2% in measured channels. Our new items, Fiber One 80 Calorie Honey Squares, Cocoa Puffs Brownie Crunch and Cascadian Farm French Vanilla Almond Granola are all off to a great start. And we continue to see incremental sales from Cinnamon Burst Cheerios which launched in January. We had strong performance on established brands as well. Honey Nut Cheerios is America's best-selling cereal. We featured this message in new advertising, driving retail sales for this brand up 5% in the quarter. The gluten-free benefits of our Chex line of cereals continued to resonate with consumers. Quarterly dollar sales of this franchise were terrific, up 29%. And targeted Hispanic messaging drove strong growth for Cinnamon Toast Crunch, with retail sales up 8% in the quarter. The cereal category responds to innovation and product news, so we like the chances for good category sales growth in 2012. And with continued product news on many of our established cereal brands, plus bigger and better product new introductions coming in the second half, we're expecting our cereal business to show good sales growth too. Let's turn to grain snacks. Category sales totaled nearly $2 billion in measured channels alone and are estimated to exceed $3 billion across all channels. We are leading growth in this category through continued innovation. In June, we launched Fiber One Brownies. These great tasting chewy brownies contain just 90 calories per serving and are off to a terrific start. We continue to see strong sales from our 2011 launch of Nature Valley Granola Thins, another great tasting, low-calorie snack product. And our established products are performing well too. With retail sales up 16% in measured channels alone, we are very pleased with our grain snacks performance in the first quarter. And with increased levels of marketing support planned throughout the year and a strong lineup of innovation scheduled for the second half, we are expecting another year of good growth for our grain snacks business. I should add a quick word about LÄRABAR, which is helping drive the strong sales growth in our Small Planet Foods division. These are fruit and nut-based energy bars. Since we acquired LÄRABAR in 2009, we have expanded distribution and added new products. Sales for this brand are up 65% in just 2 years. In fiscal 2012, we're continuing to add new retail outlets and new products, including 2 new flavors launched this summer. First quarter retail sales increased a robust 35% in measured channels. Let's turn to yogurt. This category generates more than $4 billion in retail sales in measured channels, and growth continues to be driven by the emerging Greek segment. In fact, sales of Greek-style yogurt have doubled over the last 12 months and today make up roughly 1/4 of category sales. We've got strong levels of investment behind our Greek yogurt business this year. New manufacturing capacity came online in August. At the end of the last fiscal year, we were not able to fully meet consumer demand for our Greek yogurt. With additional capacity now online, we expect our growth to accelerate moving forward. We've also turned on national advertising support for this product for the first time. Early response has been good. Since the August 1 launch of our ad campaign, baseline unit turns have increased over 30%, and our Greek yogurt sales were up 50% for the quarter. Our media plan for Yoplait Greek goes beyond television. For example, this month we launched a digital marketing initiative in San Francisco and Chicago that incorporates social media. We've also got in-store sampling and couponing planned to bring new users to Yoplait Greek. So we're ramping up our activity in this growing segment of the market. As we've discussed before, fiscal 2012 will be a year of strong investment across our entire U.S. yogurt portfolio. Our plans call for increased levels of consumer support. We have product news on established lines, including the recent reformulation of Yoplait Original to contain 50% of an adult's daily value of calcium. We've got strong consumer marketing plans for our Go-GURT business, which is doing well in the growing kids segment of the category. We have a great lineup of new product launches, and we're expanding distribution for Mountain High Yoghurt in the Western United States. We think we've got a solid plan to get our yogurt business growing again in 2012. More news and innovation are slated for the second half of the year. We'll talk about that in the months ahead. As I mentioned earlier, product innovation is the key ingredient in our growth plans across General Mills U.S. Retail business for 2012. We've already launched 70 new items in the first half of the fiscal year, including great innovation in the freezer case. Pillsbury Scrambles and Grands! Egg Sandwiches are great new options for breakfast. Scrambles are delicious combinations of egg, ham or sausage and Green Giant vegetables. Grand! Sandwiches offers scrambled eggs, cheese and meat inside a fluffy biscuit, and all of them are 300 calories or less per serving. We've also entered the handheld hot meal segment with the launch of 3 flavors of Totino's Pizza Stuffers. These kid-friendly pizza pouches can replace a sandwich and are hot and ready in minutes from the microwave. Both of these innovations represent new product platforms for General Mills. With continued strong sales from our other recent frozen innovations, including Yoplait smoothies, Wanchai Ferry and Macaroni Grill Dinner Entrées and Green Giant Valley Fresh Steamers, we expect a good year of sales growth in the freezer case. We continue to invest in our brands to drive top line growth. In U.S. Retail, our first quarter investment in media and advertising increased 6%, solid performance against a 6% increase in the first quarter of 2011. And in the second quarter, we expect our growth in media spending to accelerate a bit, with advertising expense expected to grow faster than sales again in this period. In summary, our U.S. Retail business has started the year well, with results in line with our expectations. As we look ahead to the balance of the year, we're encouraged by the improving sales trends in our categories. Our higher levels of innovation and marketing support combined with net price realization have us on track to deliver our targets of mid-single-digit growth in net sales for 2012. We continue to expect our segment operating profit to grow at a low single-digit pace, reflecting sharply higher input cost inflation and increased levels of marketing support. I'll now pass the microphone to Ken for a review of our other 2 operating segments, as well as an outlook for the rest of the year. Ken?
Kendall J. Powell: Okay. Thank you, Ian, and good morning, everybody. As we assess the performance of our U.S. businesses and our International operations, we're encouraged by resilient sales results for our brands in what remains a very difficult operating environment. We're dealing with high inflation and volatility in our input costs. Consumer trends are a tale of 2 worlds. An increasing number of consumers in emerging markets are buying branded packaged goods as their income expands, but high unemployment, a soft housing market and concerns about the economy are pressuring consumer confidence and spending in developed markets. Despite these challenges, we remain very optimistic about the opportunities for those of us in the food business. Consumers around the world continue to seek products that provide nutrition, taste, convenience and value. And at General Mills, we've got a global portfolio that delivers against all of these attributes. Ian just gave you an update on our U.S. Retail business. Let me add some comments on the Bakeries and Foodservice segment, which competes in channels for U.S. Food sales Away-From-Home. First quarter 2012 Bakery and Foodservice net sales growth results for our business continue to outpace the foodservice industry, as we focus on consumer segments with the best growth prospects. Net sales with Foodservice Distributors grew 5% in the quarter, led by our hot breakfast products, including the new Pillsbury Heat and Eat Mini French Toast for K-12 schools. Sales in convenience stores grew 6%, as we gained distribution on new snacks offerings such as Fiber One 90 Calorie Brownies and Nature Valley Recharge energy bars. And pricing drove sales in our restaurants and in-store bakery segments, up 18% in the quarter. As Don showed you, Bakeries and Foodservice operating profit declined in the quarter. Input costs were higher and grain merchandising earnings lower than year-ago levels. And the latest Technomic data indicates that industry trends have softened a bit over the last quarter as restaurant and convenience store traffic has declined. But as we've stated before, we feel very good about our Bakeries and Foodservice business. We believe our strategy of focusing on the fastest-growing channels and higher margin products will continue to drive performance that outpaces the industry as a whole. We remain on track to deliver good sales growth for Bakeries and Foodservice in 2012, with a mid-single-digit decline in segment operating profit expected as we lapped strong levels of grain merchandising earnings last year. Let me shift to our International operations. Slide 34 shows the components of our International sales growth. Sales increased a robust 30%, including the benefits of the Yoplait acquisition. And net sales, excluding Yoplait, were healthy as well, with pound volume, pricing and mix and foreign exchange all contributing to net sales growth of 14% on the base business. On a constant-currency basis, our first quarter International net sales grew 20%, with growth across all 4 regions. In Canada, sales increased 8%, including the addition of the Liberté yogurt business that was part of our Yoplait acquisition. Sales in Europe increased 36%. This is continued strong performance in a very challenging market. Our growth reflects the addition of Yoplait plus good gains by Nature Valley in the U.K. and Häagen-Dazs in France. Sales in the Asia-Pacific region increased 15%, led by double-digit growth in China. And in Latin America, constant currency sales increased 12%. Our large global brands are driving the sales growth. Häagen-Dazs had a great summer in France, where Secret Sensations is off to a terrific start. This is ice cream on the outside and a liquid crème brûlée or chocolate fondant center on the inside. In China, we've invested in additional retail freezer capacity, and we remain on track to open over 100 new Häagen-Dazs ice cream shops around the world in 2012. Our convenient meals business in China is Wanchai Ferry. We're launching new varieties of dim sum and frozen noodle offerings and increasing our levels of media investment, and we've begun our expansion of Wanchai Ferry into new markets in Southeast Asia starting with Thailand. Old El Paso is leading Mexican category growth in France through a combination of great in-store visibility including sampling and recent new product innovation such as an extra mile fajita kit. We continue to build Nature Valley distribution in the U.K. and have added chewy varieties to our Nature Valley lineup in Australia. And while it's early days, we're very excited about the contributions from our new global platform, Yoplait yogurt. The integration of this business is going well, and we'll have more to say about growth prospects as the year unfolds. Our largest global business is cereal, and we're seeing good performance in international markets. In Canada, we continue to lead category growth. We added nearly a full point of market share in the last 12 months. With the strongest new product lineup we've had in many years and health messages on the cholesterol fighting benefits of oat fiber in Cheerios, we expect another year of strong performance for our cereal business in Canada. Slide 38 highlights performance for our Cereal Partners Worldwide joint venture. We continue to build off of our positive momentum from last year, with first quarter pound volume up 6% and net sales up 8% on a constant-currency basis. After several quarters of decline, the U.K. cereal category is growing again, and our net sales in this market grew at low single-digit rates in the quarter. Our first quarter net sales in Australia increased at double-digit rates, led by growth in Uncle Tobys Hot Oats cereal. And we continue to see good performance across developing and emerging cereal markets, including double-digit growth in Mexico and Turkey. Brand performance was led by Nesquik and Chocapic. We saw a good growth on some regional brands as well, including double-digit growth on Nescow [ph] kids cereals and all Family corn flakes. Let me give you a quick update on our Häagen-Dazs Japan joint venture. I'd like to first recognize the tremendous work and dedication of the employee team in Japan. Despite operational and personal challenges in the aftermath of the March earthquakes and tsunami, they sold a lot of ice cream. Net sales increased 8% on a constant-currency basis. As a reminder, we report our joint venture sales on a 2-month lag, so these results include the 3 months immediately after the earthquakes and tsunami, and this is outstanding business performance. But we still expect a slow pace of business and consumer recovery in Japan this year, so we've not changed our expectations for Häagen-Dazs Japan. Our estimates assume sales and profits for this venture will decline in 2012 in total. Across our categories worldwide, we remain committed to leading growth. And innovation is the key to this, and we've got a terrific lineup of new items already launched with additional innovation planned for the back half of the year. And with sales trends accelerating in many of our categories, we think our top line growth prospects are very good. We also have a variety of merchandising events planned to drive consumer -- customer and consumer excitement. To help in the fight against breast cancer, we've got 2 events planned this fall. Over the last 5 years, we've partnered with the Susan G. Komen foundation to make Pink Together one of the most powerful cause marketing platforms in the grocery store, featured on over 300 million packages of General Mills products. Pink Together extends to our Bakeries and Foodservice business with colleges and universities too. We are partnering with sororities across the country to increase breast cancer awareness on campus. We've reached over 300 schools nationwide, up from only a handful of schools just a few years ago. Our second program is called Save Lids to Save Lives. This is the 13th year we've offered our signature Pink Yoplait lids to raise money for breast cancer research. Yoplait will donate $0.10 for every lid redeemed up to $2 million in total this year. We also have new advertising and expanded Hispanic outreach as part of the program this year. We continue to expand our successful Box Tops for Education platform. For example, this year, we're expecting to add over 1,200 Hispanic schools to the program nationwide. And merchandising events aren't just a U.S. phenomenon. In China, mooncakes are a delicacy given in celebration of the mid-autumn festival. Häagen-Dazs mooncakes reflect the tradition of giving the best to friends and families. We started product distribution in advance of this year's festival, and demand has been terrific with long lines of consumers waiting to redeem certificates for Häagen-Dazs mooncakes. So these are just a few of the merchandising programs we have planned in the months ahead. So with one quarter complete, our fundamental expectations for fiscal 2012 have not changed. We'll continue to combat high inflation with a robust pipeline of product innovation, HMM activities and marketing investment. We're focused on ensuring that our brands offer great taste, convenience and nutrition for consumers around the world at good value. And we believe prospects are excellent for achieving our growth targets in 2012 and beyond. So thank you for your time this morning and for your interest in General Mills. Now we'd be happy to answer some of your questions. So operator, if you could please get us started.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess I'll preface this question by saying this is more the optimist in me. But some of the things that you talked about in the prepared remarks kind of struck me as, maybe some of the first more positive data points perhaps that we've heard, not just from a General Mills perspective but for the industry as a whole in quite some time; the concept of the first quarter being perhaps the peak in inflation for you and the industry. Having a lot of your pricing in place now and then your category comments that you talked about and Ian discussed as well, it certainly seem like somewhat more positive than what we've heard. So I guess my question is, am I just being overly optimistic? Do you think that maybe we're kind of seeing a bit of an inflection point of sorts for the industry, or do you still think, given obviously what I know is still a tough consumer environment, is it really too early to say?
Kendall J. Powell: This is Ken. And I would say, I don't know if we're at an inflection point. I mean, I would say that we still see the environment as challenging. In my comments on the foodservice side, I think as you heard earlier in the year, we were -- the forecasters there, Technomic, were predicting maybe there'd be a little bit of growth on that side of business, which is -- and if there's growth in foodservice, it's usually because consumer confidence is increasing a bit and they're a little more optimistic about income and that’s since come down. That sector is going sideways. We continue to think that the consumer is, from what we can tell, quite cautious, very planful about their shopping trip. So we think that the environment there is going to continue to be challenging. Having said that, we all -- we are also, as you’ve heard, encouraged by the category development that we saw in the first quarter. We think that we -- as we've said in the past, we think that we got our expectation for inflation and our pricing kind of packaged about right, and we got that behind us many, many months ago. We're obviously encouraged by the very solid cereal performance, very exciting performance on the grain snacks side of the business. So there are some good signs there. We're encouraged by the first quarter, but I would say the environment still seems pretty challenging to us.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. And then, a very quick follow-up. Pricing -- net price realization came through very nicely as expected in -- well, across the board but in U.S. Retail specifically. As we think forward into sort of the next quarter or 2, would you expect the pricing piece to kind of build sequentially from here, or is kind of what we saw in this past quarter sort of where you're at, and knowing that you do have a little bit more promotional activity planned for the next quarter? I'm just trying to get a sense of, do we see kind of U.S. Retail price mix sort of stays -- plateau at this level, maybe even take a step back just because of promotional timing? Just trying to get that perspective or expectation out there.
Ian R. Friendly: Andrew, this is Ian. Yes. I think my expectation is it's roughly similar. In some ways, we do have some seasonal items, seasonal parts of our business coming up. On the other side, I'll say that in many cases, one of the ways that we've taken pricing is reduction in trade merchandising or raising our traded price points. And some of that hasn't been reflected yet, particularly for the seasonal businesses like soup, where that will be much more evident going forward. So there'll be some actions we've already taken that haven't yet shown up for net price realization, but the nature and the degree, I would say, is roughly in line with our first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had a question for you, and I guess a bit of a question for Ian back to that acceleration in the categories. Clearly, there’s some pricing component inherent in that. I just want to be clear that underlying that, are you seeing better volume trends? I mean, we could see the pricing going up, but is that at least a factor that you think that's helping drive or helping show better category growth for your categories?
Ian R. Friendly: The categories kind of played out and our business played out roughly as we thought from a volume impact elasticity and pricing standpoint, which is to say we've had to take quite a bit more pricing than we would ever historically have taken, and it did have a negative impact on volumes. But roughly in line with what we expected, maybe a little bit better in a few categories. But I would say our expectation for the year is sales-driven in growth by pricing and dollars with modest decline in volume.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I just wanted to ask about, you're using a combination of price increases and promotional declines, if you will, or reductions in trade merchandising. The elasticities, have they kind of shaken out where you expect? And I guess the nuance I'm looking at, is there any change or any difference in elasticity in categories where you're primarily using reductions and promotion versus those where you're raising prices? Is there any alterations, if you will, to the volume patterns in those categories?
Kendall J. Powell: As I said earlier, it's roughly in line with our expectations, whether it's -- no matter which way the pricing is realized, the impact on demand is coming in pretty much as we thought across most categories. One of the things that always affects that is what else is going on in the stores, so we have to actually see as the year plays out, not just our own categories in the business but indeed, the entire food industry. But given the level of input inflation we're seeing, I would expect that it'll be fairly inflationary throughout the stores. So I am cautiously optimistic that the elasticity should hold the way we thought.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just to follow-up on that, and my last question is do you have the trade cost per case? You've given that before, was that down in the quarter?
Kendall J. Powell: I don't have that in front of me. My expectation, though, is that our trade cost per case is roughly in line with prior year, and our expectations for the full year is it’ll be down a bit.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron of RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just wanted to ask a kind of update question on kind of cereal category pricing trends. There’s kind of been some talk about some recent incremental pricing actions by your main competitor, just get kind of an update on kind of where you stand from a pricing perspective there? Are you -- have you taken all the price that you need?
Kendall J. Powell: Obviously, we won't comment on future pricing actions. What we do -- what I'll just reinforce is we like what we're seeing in the cereal category. It's sequentially improving a great deal. We're seeing growth, dollar-driven growth. We took -- when we did our, and as Ken mentioned, our inflation and pricing estimate, we took what we felt we needed to do to make our fiscal year work for us. That doesn't preclude future actions, but I would just say that I think the cereal category is working in a very productive manner right now.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And just one quick follow-up and I apologize if you already gave this, but can you tell us what your inflation rate was in the quarter?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, we don't provide quarterly guidance or information on inflation, but what we have said and what we did see is that we see higher inflation in the first half of the year versus second half of the year but still 10% to 11% for the full year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc., Research Division: I've got -- okay, so 2 questions, one on yogurt. Historically, yogurt has obviously been an important source of growth in the U.S. Retail segment. I'm just wondering, are you actually seeing stabilization now that you've not got the advertising campaign and the new capacity in place? I mean, were the August numbers better than earlier in the quarter? And are you actually getting back into positive territory for yogurt overall?
Ian R. Friendly: Alexia, this is Ian. No, I guess I wouldn't characterize it quite that way yet. Our business is on track with where we expected it, but it is down due to so much of the category's growth and share going towards the Greek segment. And our new capacity for our Greek business didn't really come online until the last month of the quarter. So within the quarter, I would say -- well, I wouldn't say, we were down on our yogurt business. It should get sequentially better over the year as we're able to get behind this business, but it's going to be many periods of working that back.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc., Research Division: Great. And then a quick follow-up for Don. On the uses of cash, I think other companies are talking more about less in the way of share repurchases, more cash targeted towards bolt-on acquisitions. This quarter, you repurchased I think a little over $100 million and you certainly did over $1 billion last fiscal year. How are you thinking about uses of cash as we go forward? Are the share repurchases more opportunistic here, or do you expect to continue that?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Alexia, we always have repurchase as part of our traditional way to return cash to shareholders. But as we've said this year, our share repurchase activity would be down substantially from last year because we're using that cash to fund the Yoplait acquisition. So I think that's the main factor you'll see in our use of cash this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of detailed questions. What was the goodwill amortization, noncash expense in the quarter, and what do you expect it to be for the year associated with Yoplait?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Well, for the year, as we said, I guess probably in the July meeting, we expect about $0.01 or a little over $0.01 drag in EPS from the new amortization from the intangible assets. We had 1 month of that in the quarter, so it's probably in the neighborhood of $3 million to $5 million. If it shows up in our operating results, you'll also see it then in the amortization depreciation line of the cash flow.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But -- and that's off of, I guess you had Footnote 3, which has like $571 million of finite lived intangibles, so it's only $5 million off of that $571 million?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, because you've seen what those asset lives are going to be -- they're extended, they're different terms. But it's everything from mid-single digits to double digit in terms of years, so the average life is probably in the high-single digits to low-double digits in terms of years. And again, this is one month because it's only -- we only had one month of Yoplait results in the quarter.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I noticed that in the International segment, the price mix was dramatically different pre- and post-Yoplait. Can you talk about that a little bit? It looked like there was like a 12-point swing between Yoplait in or out. And I guess I assume that, that's only going to get more pronounced when you include Yoplait for a full quarter.
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, that just reflects the fact that it's a lower-priced product on a pound basis versus our other International portfolio. We see a similar impact in the U.S. business. It's just that it's obviously, it’s more -- it stands out in International because it's the first time we've consolidated Yoplait.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last kind of, I guess, detailed Yoplait question. Even though it was there for a month, I think Kris earlier had said that it was a profitable contributor on the fully consolidated basis. Could you say how much that was out of the, I guess, it was $81 million of EBIT that you had in the quarter for International?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Yes, Eric, we don't break down line of business profitability, but I'll reiterate what we shared in July that we're going to have 10 months of results for Yoplait for the year. We expect it to contribute about $1.2 billion in sales. Operating profit is low-double digits as a percent before that amortization expense we just talked about.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, just pulling back for a second to Ken. Ken, the -- Ralcorp is obviously -- their acquisition of Post is a clear failure in strategy, and so now they're spinning that out I guess as a stand-alone entity. There's been some -- I guess there was a question put to Kellogg at the Back-to-School, and they said, no, they couldn't touch it in terms of antitrust. Is that -- do you see it the same way? And how do you see a stand-alone Post as a competitive force in the category?
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, Eric, we -- that -- your first thought has crossed our mind in the past, but we would have similar antitrust competition issues there; that's very, very clear. As to how they might do on a stand-alone basis, it's -- I think it's very difficult to say. I mean, they -- we think that there's good brand power there. I mean, clearly, they have good equities. And so -- and if -- so if they -- if that stand-alone business does a good job of bringing into the organization people who really understand the category and understand brand -- how to build cereal brands and the kind of consumer insight that you need and advertising and intensity, if they bring people in who understand that, then those brands ought to be responsive and they ought to be able to get high-quality growth out of those businesses through baseline development. So it is very much -- it's just a function I think of the kind of organization they build behind it.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Were you surprised that the margins that they showed -- I mean, it seemed like they had for a #3 player in the category, the 20 -- I think it was 25-plus percent operating margin seemed to be -- even as good a category a cereal is that seemed to be quite high for a #3 player?
Kendall J. Powell: You're a little deeper into their P&L than I am, Eric. So it sounds good. But anyway, I'll pass on that one.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow of BMO.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Ian, you characterized 2012 as a year of investment. How do you think you're going to be characterizing 2013?
Ian R. Friendly: I'd like to think I would be characterizing 2013 as a year of great return on that investment.
Kendall J. Powell: Yes, I'll second that.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And what do you think the likelihood of that is, I guess? That's what I'm trying to get. I mean, you're spending a lot behind this brand. You're obviously not at the growth level that you probably want to be at. Do you think 2013 will be a year where you can restore your growth level, restore your profit to where you would have been if you had constant growth to the level you want? How do you think about it?
Kendall J. Powell: And I assume you're -- because my comments were around the yogurt category that your question’s around the yogurt category as well.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: My next question was, how do you expect to gain market share in both. You talked about how the category growth for both cereal and yogurt were good, but you didn't really talk about where you think you're going to play out and the market share opportunities in those categories. So if you want to take them together, that would be fine.
Kendall J. Powell: Sure. I think they're in some ways distinctly different. In the case of yogurt, the category has undergone a tremendous transformation, but there's a lot of positives in that. The -- a category that is now the size of yogurt growing in high-single digits is a very rare thing, and so the ability for innovation to continue to drive consumption and grow the category continues to support what a fantastic business the yogurt category is. And at different times, trends come in, many that we've created that have driven that growth and in some cases where competitors have driven. But as has been in the past, the game is always far from over in yogurt. It's a high-consumption, fast-moving category. I think our investments will very much drive our business performance forward. We'll get competitive in the Greek segment. There's further innovation to be done even beyond the Greek segment, and we'll continue to drive the category in a positive way. So I'm very enthused about the yogurt category, but we have to, this year, acknowledge we have some work to do to sort of step back and get our -- get back into the game on some of the segments that have emerged quickly. But I feel very good, and I like our plans going forward in it. I just want to acknowledge we have work to do. In the case of cereal, you're really dealing with I think a fairly anomalous period from the standpoint of there’s recalls and things in historical data to work through on a share basis. I think once that all works through the wash you'll see again a very productive category and a very productive General Mills within that category. And so I feel terrific about what's going on in cereal and good about -- I feel really good about our prospects, and so that's a very different situation. That's almost a case of the math in the comps.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. So do you think you'll regain a significant portion of your market share in yogurt and as well as cereal? Or how do you think -- I mean, do you think there’s share gains? Just is there a way to quantify how you think about it?
Kendall J. Powell: I would say in cereal we’ll -- I feel very good about our cereal share trajectory once we get through these odd comps in the category which we’re largely through. Yogurt’s going to be a piece-by-piece buildup over the year and into next year. It's not going to be an overnight solve, but the sequential growth I think will improve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Ian, I wanted to just ask you a little bit about U.S. Retail inventories at retail. There's too many retails in that question. But at the retail level, what are you seeing right now in terms of General Mills product inventories? Do you believe that shipments have been tracking in line with consumption? And just kind of the general trends, I mean, at some point in times we've seen the retail is really pushing hard to reduce inventories, but I’d kind of like a little update on that, if you will.
Ian R. Friendly: Yes, over all of U.S. Retail in general, it was up a bit in the quarter but not significantly. And as you head into seasonal periods, it's quite normal for that to go on. So I would say, what we're seeing overall is pretty normal behaviors. There have been fluctuations and there always are in a given category or 2. But overall, I would say we're not seeing any distinct -- a broad-based retail pullback of inventory.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So then in terms of this quarter's performance affecting next quarter's performance, you wouldn't think that there's anything to read through here, that looking at the retail trends is a reasonable proxy?
Ian R. Friendly: No, I wouldn't think so. I'll say just there in the data, in the case of soup, our -- there appeared to be some inventory reduction going on over the summer, but I expect that will self-adjust over the year.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Ken, you commented on Häagen-Dazs Japan and the tremendous performance 3 months post the tsunami and earthquakes, yet you maintain the idea that it's not going to -- it's going to see year-over-year declines. Can you just expand on this a little bit? Intuitively, it doesn't seem to make sense if the 3 months post the event were so strong, it would seem to me like those would have been the toughest 3 months that you would face throughout the year. Why wouldn't this be better than expected? And perhaps, you just want to say it's just too early to say because you've got so much more of the year left. And then related to the joint venture line, CPW, I’d just like to hear your thoughts about the sustainability of that. Is there anything funny in the quarterly comparisons in the very solid growth that CPW posted?
Kendall J. Powell: So David, on Häagen-Dazs, and I've got Kris O'Leary here sitting next to me. We were kind of chatting as you were asking the question. I mean, our team performed extraordinarily well in the period immediately after that catastrophe in Japan. And obviously, the business performed quite a bit ahead of what we thought it might do. But as we think about the rest of the year and I would say we just, we think it's prudent to -- we just think it's appropriate to be cautious about consumer sentiment and how those categories will play out. So you're right. I mean, we're pleased with the first quarter, but we're going to sort of take a cautious stance here until we see a little more data. For CPW, I think your question was, is that sustainable? And I don't have in front of me -- are the quarter's numbers sustainable. I don't have it in front of me, the previous quarters. I will tell you that CPW has had a solid year. I mean, they started well and really they've sustained it over the course of the year. I mean, they have very good brand building initiatives in that company. Their core businesses have been solid. Their business in the U.K., which was really a drag a year ago, is helping a little bit now. They've got fabulous focus in business development activities and consumer development activities in emerging markets and that's been a driver for them. So we feel quite good about how -- about their performance this year. And given the still very low penetration of cereal in most of the markets that they compete in, we think that their global cereal category, generally in CPW, have very, very good growth prospects well into the future.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: If I could sneak in a modeling question for Don, 2 quick ones. Interest expense guidance for the year. So given your comments about first quarter interest expense coming in better than expected, there's a lot going on because of the financing of the acquisition. Can you update us on your full year expectations for interest expense? And then on the noncontrolling interest line, isn't this typically going to be a positive? Like it was the wrong direction in the first quarter report versus what I typically expect. Maybe I'm wrong on that, but if I'm not, can you explain what to expect there for the year as well?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Sure. On the interest expense, as we said in July, we expect mid-single-digit growth interest expense, given the additional debt we've taken on earlier in the year to fund Yoplait, and that still remains our guidance. As I mentioned, we did have some favorable breaks from a rate standpoint in the quarter, but our guidance for the full year still holds. As far as the noncontrolling interest on the P&L, you're exactly right. That will be Sodiaal's share of the earnings out of Yoplait. We did have over operating earnings in the quarter, but we also had a mark-to-market on the balance sheet, a cross-currency loan on the Yoplait balance sheet. There's a -- it's a euro entity with a sterling-denominated loan. July obviously was a bit of a hiccup in the foreign exchange markets in Europe, and it broke against the euro. And so we ended up having a mark-to-market -- a noncash mark-to-market flow-through. So the reason you see a loss in the quarter is because that reflects Sodiaal's share of that mark-to-market loss. As we look at the full year, as I mentioned to Eric's question, we continue to expect to see double digit -- low double-digit profit margins from that business. And so as a result, you will see that loss turn into a positive on a full year in the MCI line.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Duvick, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Todd Duvick - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to ask a quick question, Don, about the balance sheet. Obviously, the acquisition of Yoplait and you mentioned the debt balance is higher, but your leverage is still in good shape. But really with respect to the short-term debt, you've got north of $2 billion of short-term debt, and that's the most that you have since the credit crisis. So I guess my question is, do you plan to go back to the way you managed the balance sheet prior to the credit crisis, holding more short-term debt, including commercial paper on the balance sheet? Or would you look to term out a portion of the debt associated with Yoplait in the debt capital markets?
Donal Leo Mulligan: Todd, a couple of things. When we talk about that $2 billion plus, some of it is a maturity -- $1 billion maturity we have coming due in February, and then the balance, I think it’s $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion, is actual commercial paper. We will term out or, if you will, refinance that maturity that's coming due. We haven't exactly picked the size yet, but that $1 billion of maturity, we will be back in the market to refinance that sometime probably around mid-year -- mid-fiscal year for us. As far as the commercial paper, we will pay that down over the year. As I mentioned, we have a higher-than-normal balance now versus what we've been running. So that's really the funding mechanism for the Yoplait acquisition. So as we generate cash, we'll spend more cash on paying down that balance and bring down our share repurchase for the year. So you'll see that balance come down over time. One thing I would say, just on that front with the increase in our balance, we still have ready access to the commercial paper markets, matter of fact, our recent issues have been LIBOR minus a couple basis point. So we're trading actually versus LIBOR arguably better than we ever have. So we feel very good about our market access but still, we do expect to bring that balance down over time.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of David Palmer of UBS.
Mineo Sakan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is actually Mineo filling in for Dave. But our question is on your food cost outlook. Now looking back to the June and July time frame when you last reported, corn prices and the grains complex in general have been quite volatile since then and are a bit higher now. So is this something that maybe making you adjust your thinking about the second half of the year?
Donal Leo Mulligan: This is Don. We are about 75% covered as of now. So we have pretty good line of sight of what the inflation will be for the year, and it still is in that 10% to 11% range that we gave guidance on in July. To your point, the markets have been volatile. As a result, we've extended some of our positions, but in terms of our inflation expectations for the year, they still remain in that 10% to 11% range.
Mineo Sakan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And just a quick follow-up, can you talk a little bit about where you're focusing your HMM energies this year?
Ian R. Friendly: This is Ian. Our HMM energy is really -- it's always been the case that across the board in all our businesses, in fact both domestic and International. And so again, continue to think of this as much more as a grassroots phenomenon that really goes across all our lines. What I can tell you is our level of HMM is every bit as strong as it's been, if not a little bit stronger than prior years. And so it continues to be a very productive activity for us. But it's not isolated to any one business or category.
Kristen Smith Wenker: Thanks, everybody. If there are still questions in the queue, please give us call. Appreciate your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everybody.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-06-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kristen Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations Donal Mulligan - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Kendall Powell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Mills 2011 Fourth Quarter Year End Results. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, June 29, 2011. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kris Wenker, Vice President, Investor Relations with General Mills. Please go ahead.
Kristen Wenker: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. I'm here with Ken Powell, our CEO; and Don Mulligan, our CFO. They'll discuss our fiscal 2011 results and our outlook for the new fiscal year. Let me remind you first, our press release was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It's also posted on our website if you still need a copy. We've posted slides on our website, too, that supplement today's prepared remarks, and these remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause future results to be different than our estimates.  And with that, I'll turn you over to Don.
Donal Mulligan: Thanks, Kris, and hello, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning. The last 12 months was a challenging period for the food industry and for General Mills. Input costs swung from deflationary to inflationary, and consumers in developed markets remain cautious in an economic environment where improvement seems slow at best.  Given these challenges, we're generally pleased with our 2011 results. We met the key growth targets we set for the year. We returned a substantial amount of cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, and the combination of dividends plus stock price appreciation resulted in a double-digit return to shareholders for the year. As expected, our performance in the fourth quarter was quite strong. These results reflected faster net sales growth and good margin recoveries result of recent pricing action.  Slide 5 summarizes our results for the quarter. Sales totaled $3.6 billion, up 3%. Segment operating profit was $675 million, a 14% increase versus last year. Net earnings totaled $320 million, and diluted earnings per share were $0.48 as reported. Excluding the impact of mark-to-market effects in both years and a tax charge in 2010, earnings per share was $0.52, up 27% year-over-year. Our net sales growth accelerated 3% in the fourth quarter. U.S. retail sales were down 2% reflecting significant year-over-year differences in trade promotion activity and pricing. International sales grew 16% as reported and 9% on a constant currency basis. And our Bakeries and Foodservice segment reported an 11% increase in net sales, driven by pricing and mix. Our pound volume declined in the fourth quarter as expected since we were lapping very strong performance in the year ago period. Remember that in the fourth quarter of 2010, total company pound volume increased 6% on a comparable-weeks basis. Last year's performance was particularly robust in U.S. Retail where pound volume grew 8%. This year's fourth quarter results show improved net price realization as the driver of our top line. On a reported basis, fourth quarter gross margin increased to 37.5%. Excluding mark-to-market effects, gross margin expanded 100 basis points to 38.6%.  Slide 9 shows our fourth quarter operating profit by segment. Profits increased in all 3 segments as we benefited from price realization and strong margin performance. We delivered double-digit growth in both Bakeries and Foodservice and International. After-tax earnings from joint ventures doubled to $30 million for the quarter, including favorable foreign currency effects and income tax comparisons. Fourth quarter sales for CPW increased 10% as reported and 2% on a constant currency basis. Häagen-Dazs Japan constant currency sales declined 10% reflecting the challenging economic conditions in that market. As a reminder, our JV results are for the 3 months ended in March 2011, the month the devastating earthquake and tsunami hit Japan.  Slide 11 summarizes our results for 2011 in total. Sales grew 2%. That's on top of the 1% growth as reported and 4% growth in comparable sales in 2010, which included 3 points of drag from divested businesses in the 53rd week. Segment operating profits grew 4%, diluted earnings per share grew 20% as reported and diluted EPS, excluding certain items affecting comparability, reached $2.48, up 8% from last year. Results for our U.S. retail segment fell short of our target, primarily due to higher levels of promotional spending across our categories for much of the year. Our net sales essentially matched year ago performance overall. This included strong sales gains for our Small Planet Foods and Snacks divisions. Segment operating profit was 2% below strong year ago levels. In 2011, our U.S. Retail media expense was below last year's level, which grew 22%. However, we continue to increase the efficiency of our media spending. In fact, our total media pressure in market increased at a double-digit rate. And based on measured media spending tracked by Kantar, our U.S. media investment ranks #1 among all food companies in 2010.  Let me shift over to Bakeries and Foodservice business, which had another strong year in 2011. Slide 14 shows net sales results for our key channels and brands. Our sales to Foodservice Distributors were up 3%, and sales of our brands in convenience stores grew 11% in 2011. Our consumer branded products are leading this growth. Yogurt sales increased 6%, cereal sales grew 3% and snacks sales increased 11% in fiscal 2011 across food service channels and convenience stores. This great sales performance combined with HMM productivity savings and higher grain merchandising earnings led to another year of robust profit growth for our Bakeries and Foodservice business. Operating profit margins exceeded 16% in fiscal 2011, and total operating profit grew at a double-digit rate, surpassing $300 million for the first time in company history. Our international operations also posted strong sales growth in 2011. As showed on Slide 16, net sales increased 7% overall. In Europe, sales grew 7% in constant currency led by Häagen-Dazs in France, Nature Valley in the U.K. and strong new product performance for Old El Paso across Europe. In Canada, constant currency sales increased 3%, led by cereal and grain snacks. This represents very strong performance in a highly competitive retail environment. Sales in the Asia-Pacific region increased 9% in constant currency led by strong double-digit growth in China. And in Latin America, sales increased 11%, reflecting good performance in Argentina, as well as pricing across the region. Segment operating profit increased 52% driven by strong net sales growth, margin expansion and foreign currency effects. Slide 17 highlights performance for our cereal partners worldwide joint venture.  In 2011, net sales increased 2% on a constant currency basis with improving performance trends in the second half of the year. Market performance was mixed with continued category weakness in the U.K. but good growth in developing cereal markets like Mexico and France and double-digit growth in emerging markets like Russia, Brazil and Turkey. Excluding the U.K. market, our net sales increased 5% on a constant currency basis. We saw good growth across our core brands, led by high single-digit sales gains for Cheerios, Nesquik and Chocapic. As shown on Slide 18, General Mills in total has delivered consistent earnings growth in recent years. 2011 is the fifth consecutive year that we have met or exceeded our earnings targets, and this is translated in the superior returns to shareholders over the same period. Since 2007, General Mills has delivered a 10% annualized total rate of return to shareholders versus a 1% decline for the overall market. Turning to our balance sheet, use of core working capital increased nearly 16% in 2011. Driven primarily by higher inventory levels which reflect the rise in input costs. Receivables increased 12% driven by higher sales and foreign currency effects. Accounts payable increased at an even slightly faster rate. Cash flow from operations totaled $1.5 billion, which included both a $200 million voluntary cash contribution to our pension plan and a $385 million tax payment related to the IRS settlement and net tax gain we booked in our second quarter. This strong cash flow funded capital spending comparable [ph] in 2010. We invested roughly $650 million in capital, adding new manufacturing capacity to our Snack bar and Yogurt businesses and funding various cost-saving projects company-wide. We returned nearly $1.9 billion to shareholders including a 17% increase in our dividend. And our strong profit growth and cash flow allowed us to take out additional $460 million in debt while maintaining our credit metrics and BBB+ rating with all 3 rating agencies. As we look ahead to fiscal 2012, we expect another year of sales and earnings growth for General Mills. We're assuming significantly higher cost for ingredients and energy with estimated input cost inflation at 10% to 11% for the year. These inflation headwinds will be particularly strong in the first quarter. Our sales growth will be driven by pricing. Our plan assumes a modest decline in pound volume. We expect another year of robust savings from our discipline of holistic margin management, and we plan to increase our media investment at least in line with sales growth to support a strong lineup of new -- product new innovation. It's important to note this guidance is before any impact from the anticipated acquisition of a controlling interest in the international Yoplait business. We also expect 2012 to be another year of strong cash flow generation. We plan to invest about $670 million in fixed assets including new manufacturing capacities related to our cereal, yogurt and grain snack businesses. We'll pay approximately $1.2 billion to complete our purchase of a controlling interest in Yoplait International. This purchase will reduce our share repurchase activity in fiscal 2012. And yesterday we announced a 9% increase in our dividend to a new annualized rate of $1.22 per share. Slide 23 provides a summary of our earnings guidance for 2012, before any Yoplait International impact. We expect mid-single-digit growth in net sales with a modest decline in pound volume offset by mix and pricing. Underlying gross margins are expected to decline roughly 100 basis points as we expect our HMM discipline of cost savings, mix management and price realization to largely, but not completely offset input cost pressure during this 12-month period. We expect our media investment to grow at least in line with sales. We project our operating profit will grow at a low single-digit rate. Restructuring expenses planned to be minor and comparable to 2011. Interest expense is expected to increase at a low single-digit rate. We're assuming an effective tax rate comparable to 2011. We've estimated joint venture earnings comparable to 2011 results, too, with strong growth in CPW earnings offset by a decline in Häagen-Dazs Japan. We're assuming a slow business recovery there from the earthquake and tsunami. And we expect mid-single-digit growth in earnings per share reaching $2.60 to $2.62 per share before any mark-to-market effects.  In terms of quarterly performance, we expect first quarter earnings per share will be below year ago levels. That's due to sharp input cost increases and shifts in the timing of promotional activity. The remaining 3 quarters are expected to show EPS growth. Now as for Yoplait. We recently received regulatory approval so we expect the transaction to close quite soon. We’re planning to provide a fiscal 2012 outlook on July 13. Here's what I can tell you today. We'll consolidate the business results for total Yoplait International into our financial results. Sodiaal’s interest will be reflected as earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest. Like other European operations, we report this business on a one-month lag. So fiscal 2012 will capture, at most, 10 months of operating results. We recorded a majority of the transaction expense in our 2011 results. Yoplait will contribute operating profit growth in 2012, but we're estimating that it will be offset by incremental amortization and the EPS impact of reduced share repurchase activity. Combining these factors, we're anticipating roughly a $0.01 drag to adjusted earnings per share in 2012. We'll also have integration and some remaining transaction costs in fiscal 2012. These will be excluded from underlying EPS. We're currently estimating these costs at roughly $0.03 of expense.  With that, let me wrap up this review of 2011 results. We delivered sales and earnings growth in line with our long-term growth model and generated double-digit returns to shareholders. We also enhanced our business portfolio this year. We added to our U.S. Yogurt business with the purchase of Mountain High. In Australia, we expanded our lineup of Italian products with the acquisition of Pasta Master refrigerated lasagna. We divested a frozen baked goods line. We also had a small divestiture in our Canadian U.S. -- our Canadian Bakeries and Foodservice business. And of course, we announced our intent to purchase a controlling interest in Yoplait International.  This year demonstrated the value of our broad business portfolio as growth in International and Bakeries and Foodservice offset industry weakness in the U.S. We feel we have the company well-positioned for continued growth in 2012.  To tell you more about our plans for the new year, I'll turn the microphone over to Ken.
Kendall Powell: Thanks, Don, and good morning to one and all. The targets for fiscal 2012 sales and earnings growth that Don just outlined are a bit different than our long-term growth model. We expect our sales growth to be above our long-term target, and we're planning for segment operating profit growth and EPS growth to be below our model. And this is basically due to the double-digit increase in input costs that we've estimated for the year.  Our HMM initiatives will continue to deliver a robust level of productivity savings. And we've taken various pricing actions through both list price increases and moderation of merchandising in depth and frequency to offset a portion of the input cost increases. But our pricing needs to be competitive with other branded and private label offerings on a category by category basis. So our plan assumes we will offset most, but not all, of the inflation we anticipate over the 2012 period. Our plans also include increased media investments to support a full lineup of new product introductions and marketing initiatives on core established brands. And we've made modest assumptions about the pace of business recovery for our Häagen-Dazs joint venture in Japan. We believe that these 2012 plan targets are appropriate, given the current operating environment and achieving them will represent another year of quality growth for General Mills. Now our long-term planning assumptions project input costs to rise at a mid-single-digit rate, driven by global demand for food and energy. And that is, in fact, what we have averaged over the last 5 years, but with greater volatility in recent years. We have maintained and even expanded our gross margins over this time while we expect to give up a bit of ground in 2012, we look to protect and expand margins over a longer period of time. Our program of holistic margin management is what gives us confidence. It provides the fuel to invest behind our brands, and our HMM efforts are truly global. In North America, we've implemented multiple initiatives over the last several years to reduce the cost to ship product to our customers. In 2012, we will apply that expertise to reduce the cost of raw material shipments to our manufacturing locations. In China, we're leveraging U.S. best practices to increase the efficiency of our Wanchai Ferry manufacturing process so that we can increase capacity without spending additional capital. And in Europe, we've centralized the purchasing of freight and indirect materials. So we remain very much on track to realize a 3-year total of $1 billion in COGS productivity worldwide by the end of 2012. And looking farther ahead, we expect to capture total worldwide supply chain productivity of more than $4 billion by the end of the decade. We have a high degree of confidence in our 5 key growth drivers: protecting margins, product and marketing innovation, expanding in international markets, partnering with our customers and investing in consumer marketing to build our brands. Of these, innovation is job one. It is what ultimately drives growth in our categories and growth in our sales, earnings and market share. We're bringing greater levels of both new items and product news to market in 2012, and I want to give you a few specific examples starting with U.S. Retail. We've got terrific innovation planned on cereal. Cinnamon Burst Cheerios, launched in January, continues to perform very well and provides a high fiber cereal that the whole family enjoys. We've just launched Fiber One 80 Calories cereal providing consumers with a great tasting low-calorie breakfast option. French Vanilla Almond Granola is the latest addition to our Cascadian Farm line, strengthening its position as the #1 granola brand. And kids are going to like new Cocoa Puffs Brownie Crunch.  We've got another year of strong innovation planned for Snack Bar business, 90 Calorie Brownies are the latest addition to our Fiber One product line. With Chocolate Fudge and Chocolate Peanut Butter varieties, these products give consumers a great-tasting low-calorie snack. We've also added 2 new varieties to our highly successful Fiber One 90 Calorie grain bar line. Nature Valley Thins had a great first year in 2011 and we're going to support that momentum with increased manufacturing capacity and higher levels of advertising. Turning to yogurt. Our improved Greek yogurt is now on store shelves and performing well. Additional manufacturing capacity to support demand is coming online this summer, and we will begin national advertising to support this new offering. We're going to continue to remind consumers that Yoplait Original delivers 50% of a woman's daily calcium needs in one cup of yogurt. Our new Yoplait Light Granola Parfaits combine yogurt, real fruit and Nature Valley granola. And finally, we will benefit from a full year of sales contribution from our 2011 Mountain High acquisition.  Our first half innovation lineup includes several new brand of platforms as well. We've created a new frozen breakfast line with 6 varieties of Pillsbury Egg Scrambles and Grands! Biscuit breakfast Sandwiches. Pizza Stuffers give kids a handheld option to enjoy the great taste of Totino's. Old El Paso Tortilla Stuffers are heat [ph] meat, providing a complete fajita meal in just 60 seconds. And for dessert, we've got new FundaMiddles, filled cupcake mixes from Betty Crocker, and Sweet Moments refrigerated Cheesecake Bites from Pillsbury.  So in total, we have a very robust innovation lineup in 2012. By our measure, a very meaningfully stronger lineup than that in 2011. We'll launch nearly 70 new items in U.S. Retail in just the first 6 months, and there are more to come later in the year. Now that's all new items, but since 2004, we’ve challenged ourselves to improve the health profile of our established products. 2011 marks the seventh consecutive year we increased the items in our line, offering improved health credentials. Over 60% of our U.S. Retail sales last year came from products with health improvements. And we've got strong innovation planned for U.S. away-from-home channels. In Bakeries and Foodservice, we expect continued good growth from recent new products like Pillsbury Crescent Scrambles and Wheaties Fuel Bars. The launch of Pillsbury Mini French Toast will provide school cafeterias with another easy-to-prepare hot breakfast option that kids will love. Our International businesses have solid innovation plans too. It's turning out to be a warm summer in Europe, which is a terrific time for Häagen-Dazs innovation. We've recently launched 2 flavors of Häagen-Dazs' Secret Sensations. It's ice cream on the outside with a liquid crème brûlée or chocolate fondant center. It's just the kind of indulgence you'd expect from Häagen-Dazs. In Japan, Häagen-Dazs Crêpe Glaze is a blend of ice cream, crunchy biscuits and rich sauces, all wrapped in a soft crêpe to make an indulgent handheld treat.  We will continue our strategy of geographic expansion for our Wanchai Ferry business in China. We expect our core frozen dim sum products to -- excuse me, we will expand our core frozen dim sum products to additional cities in China this year, and in additional markets, we'll expand beyond frozen dumplings and launch varieties of wonton, gyoza and mantu. And we'll begin expanding Wanchai Ferry into other markets in Southeast Asia. The wholesome snack category provides great opportunities for international innovation, and we've got a great lineup of new items. In the U.K., we're building on strong 2011 performance with additional varieties of Nature Valley Crunchy and more products and double-digit increases in advertising.  In Canada, we're adding package sizes with higher bar counts to reach new consumer segments, and we're expanding our Fiber One 100 Calorie product line. And we're bringing our existing brands to new markets with the launch of Nature Valley Chewy Bars in Australia and Nature Valley Crunchy Bars in South Korea.  Our International Cereal businesses are poised for good growth in 2012. In Canada, we've added a point of market share in each of the last 4 years, and we're targeting another year of strong growth in 2012. We're already generating tremendous customer excitement with the planned launch of Chocolate Cheerios. And we'll launch the first mainstream gluten-free cereal products in Canada: Honey Nut and Rice Chex. CPW has got good product news too. In the U.K., Super Fruity Shredded Wheat will be launched, and in Europe, Nesquik Pillows will extend this successful franchise by combining a creamy center with the Nesquik taste that kids enjoy.  We'll fuel growth for our brands through strong levels of media investments. In 2012, we are targeting media spending to grow at least in line with sales growth, and our impressions in market will grow faster than sales. We continue to improve our efficiency through targeted media vehicles like digital. Spending here will be up nearly 30% this year. Our spending will continue to target 3 fast-growing consumer segments: baby boomers, multicultural consumers and the millennial generation. We're launching new media campaigns on brands like Nature Valley and Cheerios that target these groups, including a 35% increase in multicultural media versus last year. Now our 4 Global business platforms of ready-to-eat cereal, super premium ice cream, convenient meals and wholesome snacking are in growing categories that are on trend with consumers. And we're equally excited about the opportunity to add a fifth global platform, yogurt. We look forward to telling you much more about our plans for this platform in the very near future. So we enter 2012 confident that we're positioned for another year of quality growth at General Mills. We have leading market share positions and competing categories that are on trend with consumers, and they're growing in markets around the world. And we will invest in the product news and innovation that keeps our brands healthy and growing.  So I will wrap up this morning by reminding you to attend our investor events in Boston on Wednesday, July 13, where we will outline our plans for fiscal 2012 in more detail. Presentations at the event will begin at 8:30 a.m., Eastern Time, and will also be available via webcast.  So thanks to all of you for joining this morning for your interest in General Mills. And with that, I will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I just have 2 questions for you. I guess first, Don, a question on the guidance and just understand how Yoplait fits in. Would you say that the guidance today, the 5% to 6% growth, includes share repurchase and then when you add in Yoplait sort of net of that it's a negative $0.01, is that the way to look at it -- the current guidance range and how it could change with the addition of Yoplait?
Donal Mulligan: Yes, that's exactly the way to look at it. The $2.60 to $2.62 includes our normal share repurchase rate, and then with Yoplait, we're going to redirect some of those funds for the acquisition. So the way to think about that $0.01 drag, I must say [ph], the underlying is from an operating standpoint net of the share repurchase reduction. From an operating standpoint, we’ll actually be about neutral, then we have about $0.01 of amortization -- intangible amortization that will drag. So kind of cash neutral once that reported drag. And that assumes that we have about 10 months of operating results for Yoplait.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, got you. And then the other question I had for you, I guess for Ken, would be -- yes, we’ve had some comments recently from other company's about sort of the challenges around price realization. I wonder if you could talk about your experience and getting the pricing through, and I guess as I look at it today you have obviously very strong level of inflation. Should we expect more pricing to come through or is it a matter of just getting it through sort of getting retail to reflect that at retail? Are you having any challenges or any sort of threats there, if you will, for the business?
Kendall Powell: Yes, I mean, I guess what I would say on that is that we anticipated this level of inflation pretty well as we finished. We're in the sort of spring of this year, moving on from the third and into the fourth quarter. And it's come out broadly the way we thought it would. And as you know, we began taking a series of pricing actions and planning for a set of merchandising changes broadly across the line. And those have been really all announced and pretty much all executed over the last 2 quarters. So we feel that we're -- that we've planned for this level of inflation and have implemented the pricing that we will need over this next period of time. We've done that pretty well. Now obviously, we're in a volatile environment, and so we monitor inputs very closely. As you know we never comment prospectively about future pricing. But I think what I would say at this point in time is that we -- I think we planned well for what has, in fact, come to pass, and we have -- we've worked with our retailers well over the last 3 to 4 months. And we've got the pricing that we think we need through.
Donal Mulligan: Chris, I guess just for perspective, what I would add is if you look at our results for the quarter for U.S. Retail, we had about a 400 basis point expansion in price mix. And if you look at Nielsen, our average unit price is actually increased a bit north of that in the most reported 12 weeks. So I think we are seeing it come through.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And I guess just to round that out then, to clarify, you have the 10% to 11% inflation, and you say, I think in the release, about how you're going to be including HMM, including mix improvements, a little short of that overall. So does that suggest more price -- the need for more pricing through the year, I guess, is that the way -- because you want to fully overcome that?
Kendall Powell: We don't really look to price for the absolute peak of inflation that we would see. I mean, I think what we're reflecting is the inflation that we're facing. We've got very good HMM continuing to come through. There's a competitive reality out there. We really want to -- it's really important to us to stay in the zone with our key branded and private label competitors. So we're balancing all of that. And our take is that all of that addition doesn't get us quite all the way to covering the full 11% of inflation. But we think that on balance, we're positioned in the correct way for the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Two things, I guess. First, wondering if for U.S. Retail specifically, what sort of, I guess, inflation are you looking for, as well as pricing? I guess I'm trying to get a sense, is retail consistent with the overall sort of corporate numbers that you talked about in terms of what to expect around inflation and pricing for the year, and then just a follow-up.
Kendall Powell: Yes, Andrew, I think the way for you to think about that is that inflation estimate of 10% to 11%, think of that as global, very broad-based look at our commodity basket as we look around the world. So I wouldn't look for differences, one to another -- I mean, there can be differences from division to division, depending on their specific product mix, but it's a global number.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: And then on the pricing part of that? Because again, I'm trying to see what you're looking for on the sort of the retail package piece whereas I know you have some bigger swings in pricing from time to time in Bakeries and Foodservice based on some of the business mix there.
Kendall Powell: Yes, the pricing, I think from segment to segment might vary a bit. In U.S. Retail, it's going to be mid-single-digit. And as Don said, we've seen pretty -- I mean, an awful lot of that already coming through. So we think we're pretty close to where we're going to end up in U.S. Retail, and you guys can track and see that as well. In the Foodservice side, for instance, where it's more of a fully sort of grain-based product line, the pricing will be higher there. And that also is pretty much through.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Okay, so then if we think about 10% to 11% input cost inflation, just purely, just the math of it, it would seem as though 4% to 5% pricing would be able to kind of handle that, right, even excluding HMM? And it does seem like that sort of pricing is what you're looking for in fiscal '12. So what I'm just trying to get a sense of is if I'm missing something there or -- because you're looking for mid-single-digit pricing, which corporately just on its own would cover, call it, 10% to 11% inflation from an input cost standpoint. So I just want to make sure I've got the math right is all.
Donal Mulligan: Yes, Andrew, this is Don. I think there's a couple of things you want to take into consideration as you think about modeling. One is we do expect some modest decline in our volumes. That obviously has a knock-on effect on our margins. And so as we see that come through -- and obviously from a pricing standpoint, that's part of what's driving those volume numbers. And as we think about our -- the pricing that we are putting through, yes, we’re pricing largely to offset the dollar inflation. That's why you see the margin compression that we talked about in our gross margin. So we're not pricing again within this 12 months to fully retain the gross margin percentage but ensure that we're at least offsetting the inflation dollars.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Got it, okay. Quick last one and I’ll sneak it in, just how do the 70 new products in the first half compare if you have it to sort of last year's first half rate? And that's it.
Kendall Powell: Yes, I'm looking around the room, Andrew, to get hand signals from -- I mean, I think -- it's certainly, it's comparable to higher, and we feel quite good about the -- we think that the quality and we've got some -- I mean, we've just got some very good ones. We think that the cereals are really good. The Fiber -- the 90-Calorie Brownie, we’ve just had a string of very good innovation in that healthy snacking sector and so we think that's going to be good and we've got ample capacity which I think is an important point in that division to really supply everything that we anticipate. We like Pizza Stuffers a lot, which has been test marketed for the last few years. I'm being facetious. But it's a very successful product in Canada. And so we have a lot of confidence in that whole kind of frozen handheld sector. We think the Pillsbury breakfasts are good offerings and have been well received. So we feel quite good about what we've gone out with here in the first quarter, and we'll have more. We'll have more good new products as we come into the second half of the year. So we've got a good lineup of innovation here.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Terry Bivens with JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just, Ken, just to go back to Yoplait a minute, does your guidance -- I assume your guidance for 2012 includes marketing to be spent on the new Yoplait acquisition?
Kendall Powell: No. No, Terry. We haven't really -- other than the transaction expense comments that Don made, I mean we haven't really shown you any operating detail on Yoplait because we haven't closed the sale yet. We will do that in mid-July.
Donal Mulligan: Yes, Terry, if your question is that the media spend guidance we gave is, growing at least in line with sales growth, that's for our existing business. It doesn't include Yoplait International impact.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes, what I was getting at here is really this. I mean, one would anticipate as you get your hands on this business that there will be some outsized marketing to really kind of try to drive these businesses like I think you have in mind. I'm just wondering whether we should expect that in year one, whether we should expect that in year 2, which also kind of gets to the question of, will this be accretive in FY '13? That's really where I was going.
Donal Mulligan: As Ken alluded to, we'll provide further detail on the operating plans hopefully on the 13th we meet, assuming we get everything closed between now and then. But to think about it, with all these [ph] -- if you think about business that we're acquiring, it will be about -- it's a little over $1 billion, $1.2 billion in sales. Our share of the operating profits will add somewhere between a nickel and a dime to our earnings. Obviously, it will be probably at the lower end of that this year because it’s going to be a partial year. As we look at FY '13, we expect to move to the upper end of that range. The combination of that is going to be, as I said, basically cash neutral this year with $0.01 drag to the amortization of the intangibles. As we get into F '13, we expect the operating performance to at least equal what we have in the intangibles, so reporting neutral but cash accretive and then growing from there. And again, we'll provide more color to the specifics behind that next month.
Kendall Powell: And I guess, just the last thing to add, Terry, is these are market by market as we -- this thing comes our way. I mean, they're very good brands that respond very well to the things that we're good at. It's a category where innovation works, it’s a category where consumer marketing and innovation works. And they've done that well, and they’ve built some nice brands, and we look forward to working with them and bringing our capabilities to them. And they compete in this fabulous, huge and growing yogurt category. So the whole mix of opportunities there is quite exciting to us.
Donal Mulligan: I could add -- let me just finish up to -- a couple of people have asked now about the Yoplait impact. And obviously, I've seen a lot of the cuts that all of you have taken to try and estimate what the EPS impact would be. And I think there's this probably 2 fundamental differences in terms of what we're guiding to now versus some of the analysis I've seen and it's the fact that we're funding it through shares and a lot of people model it through debt. We're doing that primarily because we do want to retain our BBB+ rating, and we are looking at our credit ratings. And as we've talked about acquisitions in the past, we've always indicated that they will be funded through share repurchase dollars being redirected. And so that's what we're doing here, and that's probably causing probably $0.03 to $0.04 difference from what many of you have modeled. And then the other is the non-cash charge, the amortization of the intangibles, which would be a bit over a $0.01 in F '12. And maybe upwards of rounding to $0.02 in F '13 and going forward. And again, non-cash, I don't think people have modeled that typically. So I think that's where you get the difference between the guidance that we're giving you today and some of the modeling I've seen in your papers.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess just a couple of questions on the -- or one question on the fiscal fourth quarter, Don. It seems if I did the math right that your corporate expense x mark-to-market, et cetera, was about $100 million. And that was quite above what you were running for the rest of the year. I realize the fourth quarter is usually kind of a catch up, but was there something to read into that run rate for fiscal '12?
Donal Mulligan: No. This is in the corporate -- the corporate unallocated?
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Exactly.
Donal Mulligan: Yes, no, we had -- I'd say 3 things. One of which was coming through the year, which was the increased pension expense that we had each quarter, but the 2 things that came through in the last quarter, would be that, that’s typical we had where we put through our contribution to our foundation, to the General Mills Foundation, so that was on the order of $20 million to $30 million in the quarter. I'm looking around to make sure that I have that number correct. I know we did actually have -- our stock price made nice appreciation in the quarter, and as we recorded some of our restricted stock expense that -- by about $10 million to $12 million in the quarter as well. So those were kind of one-offs in the quarter. It doesn’t necessarily indicate a higher run rate as we look into F '12.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, and then I guess on the -- kind of looking -- stepping back a second. When I look at the chart, Ken, that you showed on the inflation, you had kind of similar levels of inflation in fiscal '09, I mean, granted it wasn't much of a jump, but we had in '08 and '09 high single-digit inflation, and it seemed like the company with the pricing that it put through back then really didn't suffer from, if my memory is correct, much volume erosion. And HMM was doing its job, and those were pretty strong years. And so I'm kind of, I guess wondering, and maybe this has been asked, but is it really the competitive environment and the state of the consumer that has you a bit more cautious on the volume outlook and kind of where all this promotions/net pricing ends up?
Kendall Powell: Eric, it's a good question, and I think it's a good sort of comparison to make. And you're right about the -- we had the same sort of -- same kind of pricing, we had HMM firing there in that the year, just as we do this year. I mean, we think we've planned the pricing well. HMM continues to work very well. The difference really is that consumer and the way the consumer is behaving, and the key thing going on in F '09 was we had a very meaningful shift from consumers eating Food-Away-From-Home to consumers moving into the grocery store. And that shift, I think, gave us a tailwind. So we had a combination of HMM volume growth and pricing, all of which came through and which led to the scenario that you just described. We don't see Food-Away-From-Home growing over the next few years. And this is something that we can -- we'll go into in a little more detail in July 13, but that sector has stabilized. And so we don't really see the dramatic shifts into the grocery right now, although obviously there's a good traffic in grocery stores, but we don't see that shift, and we do see the consumer as a -- it's a slow recovery. You guys all know and caution out there and so that I think is the reason for our caution on the volume piece of the equation.
Donal Mulligan: The only thing I would add, Eric, is if you’re comparing back to '09, I can absolutely understand how you gravitate to that comparison is F '09 was a 53-week year, fiscal year, also, so we have that as benefiting our bottom line.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then I don't know if you can answer, last one, but I don't know if you can answer this now or wait for a couple of weeks, but just -- your stock has been okay within the context of a pretty strong group the last couple of months, but I think you probably admitted it hasn't done as well as you’d probably like or as it’s done in the past, and you’re suspending share repurchases to spend the money on the Yoplait business, but it really doesn't look like it's going to add much in terms of at least earnings over the next year or so, and so can you kind of -- I mean, it's not like the company is under levered and then at the same time you raised your dividend 9%. So I'm just trying to kind of understand like the capital kind of allocation and why it wouldn't make sense to just put on more leverage but buy back stock if you're that comfortable that Yoplait is really going to so significantly add as a fifth pillar of growth, especially with raising the dividend?
Donal Mulligan: Yes, it's a very fair question. Let me kind of parse it all out. I guess what I'd give it as a macro view first is that when we think about our earnings growth, we, first of all, fundamentally look at our sales and operating profit growth. EPS is clearly an important figure, but we want to make sure that we're creating businesses that are going to drive that operating profit growth. That's what we think we've added with the Yoplait acquisition. The thing about the financing, we do want to make sure that we retain a capital structure that nears -- that allows us the fundamental strength and the flexibility as we move forward. We think BBB+ is the right place to be, both from a borrowing standpoint and that financial flexibility standpoint. To hold that rating, it seems using share repurchases dollars or what could be share repurchase dollars for this acquisition, it's a little bit separate from our dividend decision. The dividend decision quite honestly from going 9% versus something a little bit lower isn't a significant dollar decision, but it’s important that we continue to move that dividend in that high single-digit that really we've committed to over time and certainly we have delivered against over the most recent past. So as we think about our return to shareholders, the key thing is in regards to Yoplait acquisition is how do you add businesses that are going to help you drive that top line growth and the operating profit, and that's what that acquisition did. The funding of it then is maintaining our capital structure.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, I'll pass on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron from RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I just wanted to ask a couple of clarification questions about your 2012 guidance. So last quarter, you seemed fairly committed to delivering growth algorithm for the year. And just wondering if that was more of a misread on our part or if something maybe changed in terms of your internal planning process over the past 90 days or so.
Kendall Powell: No, Ed, I think what I'd say is we really do approach every year obviously with the commitment and the goal of being very closely in line with that long-term planning model. And just simply as we got deeper into the plan and the full impact of the inflation and, really, as we have talked over several questions over this past few minutes, really, tried to assess where we thought the consumer would be in response to the general level of inflation. That just led us to conclude that we need to be cautious about those variables as go into fiscal ‘12. So certainly, our starting point is also to stay model, but this a year that I think for very clear reasons, we chose to vary from that a little bit.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, that's fair. And then as far as kind of pricing goes, it looks like pulled back on trade spending a little bit more than what your peers had in kind of the most recent periods. And I’m wondering if you think that's because your competitors are maybe being still a little bit excessive with promotional or if there are perhaps some timing dynamics involved related to some of your upcoming new product introductions that you're trying to keep some powder dry to support over the next few months?
Kendall Powell: Yes, I mean it's very difficult and unwise, I think, to make -- to comment on what we’re -- on competitors, but I think that it's fair to say that in our industry where in-store promotion and merchandising is a key marketing lever, and so there are significantly high levels of promotion across most of our categories. I think as you approach increasing prices, I mean all of us are looking at a combination of list price increases and you've seen those. But also changes in promotional strategy often either through frequency sometimes and depth. And this is I think very clearly going to be part of the mix for everyone. As to how that plays out, I mean, there are timing elements to this. Different retailers have different planning approaches and it can take time for the merchandising piece to work its way through. And so not worth going into that now, but I'm quite confident that we're all looking at a mix of the 2 levers as we adjust our prices here.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I guess I wanted to get some more color on the cost inflation and maybe relative to where you hedge position going into this year relative to last year. Just because we were sort of modeling high levels of inflation for you guys, but 10% to 11% is higher than what we thought, and we also would've thought there would have been benefits from hedges at least going into the first half of the year. So I guess my question is, did you have a stronger cost position last year because you were very well hedged and some of inflation going into this year is just that rolling off? Or are we sort of misunderstanding some of the key inputs that you might be experiencing higher than -- higher inflation that we might be able to see sort of from future curves?
Donal Mulligan: Vincent, this is Don. I think what everybody’s seeing across the industry is a pretty significant step-up of inflation. I think we've seen our peers call out high single-digit even double-digit rates as well. So I think everyone's feeling this in the near term. And clearly, if you look at across -- again, we have a broad basket. If you look across our commodity basket whether it's grain or energy or dairy, you can look year-over-year and see -- on the spot market and see 40%, 50% even 70%, 80% increase in some of those commodities. So the higher rate of inflation I think is very much industry-wide. As far as our hedge position, we’re coming in this year a little over 50% hedged. It's about the same place we were a year ago. And so we're comfortable with our hedge position as we come into the year. At least we’re consistent with a year ago. And as we look back on the past year, we do think we hedged pretty well in upward sloping market. So obviously as those hedges roll off, we feel the impact of those. That's what we see the highest inflation pinch in this first quarter.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay maybe just a quick follow-up on the volume, is there anything you're seeing so far in your fiscal first quarter that has given you sort of incremental or sequential cost for concern on the volume front relative to your trends in the fourth quarter, that might have been driving sort of the pricing decision? Because I guess, you just -- we all know inflation is up and you just pointed out it’s happening for everyone so just trying to understand what's different.
Donal Mulligan: Our expectations across the entire food industry is there was a bit of a price deflation in the store over the past year in 2010. You didn’t see a marked uptick in volume. As pricing starts coming through because of these pressures I just talked about, we [indiscernible] across the industry to see significant decline as well. That said, we’re being cautious in our assumptions on the full year, just given the current economic state and particularly the health of the consumer. Now in terms of the near term, we talk about the fourth quarter, we’re rolling over significantly strong volume growth on a comparable weeks basis from a year ago. So we knew we'd be down in the quarter. We also have some certain promotional timing shifts this year where some large programs will be running in the second quarter versus the first quarter a year ago. And that will impact the volume in the first quarter, which is also why we feel the most both volume and profit pressure in that first quarter. And so the volumes, as we see them coming in now, they're really meeting our expectations. Q4 we know is tough to read because of that year-over-year comparison, but kind of a month into the quarter, a month into the year and the quarter, volumes are about where we expect them to be.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I just wanted to ask about Yoplait in the U.S. rather than overseas. In particular with respect to shelf space , I guess I have seen some of the new Greek yogurt brands seem to be taking quite a lot of space on the shelf, and I'm curious about what your own shelf space trends have been or whether perhaps with the expansion of Greek yogurt, the entire category is getting more shelf space assigned to it so it’s not probably new too much?
Kendall Powell: Well, it's just very much the latter, Alexia. I mean I think the category if you think about historically has been a category that's expanded the new development of new segments. And so Greek is appealing to a new consumer and it's -- and retailers are expanding space in order to accommodate it. So that's what's happening. And as I said, obviously, we like that segment too. We've got a product there now that is turning. It's gaining share. We needed to add capacity to support it, and we have, which is a good problem to have. That will come on stream here later in the summer. And at that point, we'll have the mass and the capacity reserves to support advertising. So it's a good exciting segment and we are in there now with a product that's growing, and retailers are clearly seeing the yogurt category as a grower. And they're adding refrigerated space to support it.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: Two questions for you. One is when I look at what your plan was for media spending in the beginning of the year for fiscal '11, it was for pretty much a low single-digit increase. You ended up cutting it quite a bit. I get to a $90 million cut quantitatively. And then when I look at the increase for fiscal 2012, you're still not going to be up quantitatively to where you were 2 years ago, and I'm just -- it ends up being 5.3% of sales or something like that. Can you tell me if you think that you're continuing to spend at the right level or if you feel like fiscal '10 levels was really where you needed to be? And then another question on restructuring expense, a lot of your peers are taking bigger restructuring charges, re-thinking their asset platform base. Have you ever thought about doing some deeper dives into your assets to determine whether deeper realignment is necessary?
Kendall Powell: Rob, let me take the first bit. I think about media -- first of all, thinking about it maybe in a 4- or 5-year trend, and I think in F '08, we were up double digits -- or F '09, double-digit, F '10 we were up, I think it was 24%, 25%. So very, very significant increases over a long period of time. We backed off I think appropriately some this year that we just concluded. And we're adding back I think at a good level in this year. So we’re adding to on already high level. The other point that I would underline is a comment I made in the prepared remarks. We're getting much better allocating more of the total media bucket to working media. So we're figuring out ways through HMM and all these disciplines to reduce the amount of money that's going into production and all of the related expenses so that the actual true media impact both last year and this year is above the spending impact. And I think we made the comment that we're now the #1 media advertiser in the food space in the U.S. And so I think that’s kind of sort of a long-winded way of saying obviously we're totally committed to having the right level of media support. We've got good growth this year supporting all of the core stuff that we have. We’ll have good support on all these new products that we're excited about. And the in-market impact will be even above the dollar figure that we’re giving to you. So yes, we feel just fine about that. Don, do you want to take the restructuring…
Donal Mulligan: Yes, I will also add one other point on the media is, Rob, it’s also -- you have to look relatively as well. In the U.S. we actually gained share of voice this year. So it's important to look at where we are relative to competition, not just to our prior year. As far as the restructuring, we always evaluate where our assets are and how productive they are, but fundamental is really HMM and our managing of margins isn't about necessarily down-peeling bricks and mortars. It's about innovation and finding new ways to produce or to formulate products and to deliver them to the customers. And so we haven't had to rely on a lot of restructuring. We have done some targeted restructuring in our Bakeries and Foodservice over the last 4 or 5 years, and you’ve seen the benefit of that in a business where profits have virtually tripled over the last -- over that time period. So we do, do it in a very targeted manner, and we certainly do review our asset base on a regular basis. But as we think about HMM in our ongoing productivity, it is really more about process formulation, delivery changes and less about bricks and mortars.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: One follow-up for you, Don, is media -- are inflation rates rising this year compared to prior years?
Donal Mulligan: For media, yes, it is up a bit.
Kristen Wenker: Thanks, everybody. We're out of time, so those of you we didn't get to, please give me a shout.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-03-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kristen Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations Donal Mulligan - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Christopher O'Leary - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of International Kendall Powell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Todd Duvick - Bank of America Corporation Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for standing by, and welcome to the General Mill's F11 Q3 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It's now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Kris Wenker, Vice President, Investor Relations at General Mills. Please proceed.
Kristen Wenker: Thanks very much, operator. Good morning, everybody. I'm here with Ken Powell, our CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO; and Chris O'Leary, Executive Vice President and Head of our International Operation. And I'm going to turn the call over to them in just a minute. First, I need to cover my usual housekeeping items. Our press release on third quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It's also posted on our website if you still need a copy. We’ve posted slides on the website, too. They supplement our prepared remarks this morning. And these remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Don Mulligan.
Donal Mulligan: Thanks, Kris, and hello, everyone. Thanks for joining us on today's call. After a first quarter that ran largely aligned with year-ago results, we expected to see faster sales and earnings growth in the back half of the year. Our third quarter results live up to those expectations.  Net sales for the quarter increased 2%, with pound volume contributing two points of growth. Segment operating profit grew 10%, earnings after tax grew 18% and diluted earnings per share increased to $0.59. These results include a net increase related to mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions.  Excluding mark-to-market effects in both years, adjusted diluted earnings per share would total $0.56. That's a 14% increase over last year's third quarter results. Slide 5 details our net sales growth by segment. U.S. Retail sales were down slightly from last year's third quarter, with pound volume essentially matching year-ago levels. Sales for our International business grew 8% on an as-reported basis, and they were up 7% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Pound volume contributed six points of sales growth for International and pricing and mix added a point. In our Bakeries & Foodservice segment, net sales increased 9%, with pound volume contributing two points and price and mix accounting for seven points of growth. Our gross margin expanded 130 basis points in the quarter on an as-reported basis, but that includes a mark-to-market valuation increase. Excluding mark-to-market effects, gross margin was up modestly, as higher input costs essentially offset the benefit from lapping a spare parts charge in last year's third quarter. We still expect to strongly exceed year-ago gross margin levels in the fourth quarter, as we should see increased contribution from price realization, particularly in our U.S. Retail segment. For the year in total, we expect gross margin, excluding mark-to-market effects, to be comparable to last year's strong levels. Segment operating profit grew 10% in the quarter, led by our International segment. Part of International's strong increase was due to lapping of last year's currency devaluation in Venezuela and transaction foreign exchange effects. But this gain also reflected solid business performance. Chris O'Leary will tell you more about that in a moment. Operating profit for U.S. Retail declined 1%, as price realization lagged input cost inflation in the period. We're also lapping 10% profit growth for U.S. Retail in last year's third quarter. And for our Bakeries & Foodservice business, segment operating profit grew 34% on sales gains and higher earnings from grain merchandising activities. I suspect the results on the joint venture line were below what most of you have modeled. Three factors held CPW's [Cereal Partners Worldwide] after-tax earnings down in the period. First, media investment was up over 20% in the quarter. Second, CPW incurred a tax charge related to a change in corporate structure in its subsidiary in Greece. Our proportional share of that charge was $6 million. And the third factor was a step-up in CPW's service cost allocation that we told you about in July. On a constant-currency basis, net sales for CPW increased 4%. Net sales for Häagen-Dazs Japan remained soft in the third quarter, and the devastating earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan on March 11 will certainly have an impact on this business in the weeks ahead. It's too early to determine the level of business disruption we'll see. We have confirmed that all the people who work for the joint venture in Japan and their families are okay.  And last week, we announced that the General Mills Foundation will donate $650,000 to the Red Cross International Disaster Response Fund to aid relief efforts in Japan. Turning to other income statement items, we divested a small frozen baked goods line in the third quarter, resulting in a gain of $14 million pretax or $10 million after-tax. Corporate unallocated expenses were higher in the quarter when you exclude mark-to-market effects. That's primarily due to higher pension expense and the $11 million charge to increase an environmental liability related to an active cleanup site in New Jersey. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.9% as reported, or 31.6%, excluding mark-to-market effects. That's down from last year's third quarter rate, primarily due to the timing of recent federal legislation that extended tax credits for research and development expenditures.  We expect the full year rate to be down from last year on an as-reported basis but comparable to last year's rate of 33.4%, excluding certain items affecting comparability. Third quarter interest expense was lower due to rates and debt mix, and our average diluted shares outstanding were down 4% from last year's third quarter. For the year-to-date, average shares are down a bit more than 2%. Core working capital increased 3% in the quarter, driven by higher inventory levels, which reflect the rise in input costs. So for the year-to-date, results show good growth on top of very strong increase in the same period last year.  Net sales were up 1%, segment operating profit increased 1% on top of 14% growth last year. Earnings after tax totaled nearly $1.5 billion, and diluted earnings per share were $2.22. Excluding certain items affecting comparability, our adjusted diluted earnings per share totaled $1.96, 4% ahead of last year's nine-month results. As I mentioned earlier, our International segment led results for the quarter and the year-to-date. So I'd like to turn the call over to Chris O'Leary to give you more details about that performance. Chris?
Christopher O'Leary: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everybody. I'm glad to have an opportunity to update you on our International performance. Before I talk about our results, I want to add my condolences to the people of Japan following the devastating earthquake and tsunami earlier this month. As Don mentioned, we are very grateful that all of our employees, business partners and their families are okay. We have a great team in Japan, and our thoughts are with them as they manage through the challenges in the weeks ahead. We have a good business in Japan. Our proportionate share of annual net sales reached $175 million last year. Our facilities made it through the earthquake largely unscathed. Only one warehouse was destroyed, and we are open for business. However, the situation there is dynamic. We will update you as we know more. At our Investor Day last July, we outlined the fiscal 2011 plans for our International segment. We said that we expected global economies and consumer momentum would slowly improve, but we thought operating conditions would remain challenging in some markets.  For our International business, we expect it to deliver good sales and earnings growth this year because our four global platforms of ready-to-eat cereal, super premium ice cream, convenience meals and wholesome snacking are in growing categories and on trend with consumers around the globe. We planned a full lineup of product news and innovation, with marketing plans designed to increase household penetration and sales. And we continue to deploy best practices in holistic margin management to drive margin expansion and fund additional consumer investment in markets around the world. As a result, we set 2011 targets of mid-single digit growth in net sales and double-digit growth in operating profit for the International segment. I'm happy to report that we are delivering strong results against these targets. Let me tell you about our performance in more detail. Again, as Don mentioned, third quarter net sales for International grew 8%, including one point of benefit from foreign exchange. Operating profit was up significantly, with both net sales growth and favorable foreign exchange effects contributing to the increase.  Through the first nine months, net sales are up 4%, including a two percentage point headwind from foreign exchange. Pound volume trends remained strong, up 6% year-to-date. Operating profits have grown at a double-digit rate both as reported and excluding currency effects. Slide 15 shows you that we are achieving sales growth in many of our markets through the first nine months of this year. For example, in Europe, sales are up 6% in constant currency, led by Häagen-Dazs in France and Nature Valley in the U.K. In Canada, year-to-date constant currency sales are flat. That reflects strong performance in the year-ago period in a highly competitive retail environment. Sales in the Asia-Pacific region are growing at a 10% rate, led by continued business gains in China. And in Latin America, sales increased 10%, reflecting good performance in Argentina, as well as pricing across the region. We are also seeing sales growth for each of our four global product platforms, as shown in Slide 16. These businesses account for over 50% of our wholly-owned International sales, and they carry attractive operating margins. I should note that Cereal Partners Worldwide, our joint venture with Nestlé, accounts for the largest share of our global cereal business. Since Ken provided a detailed update on CPW last month at CAGNY, my comments today are focused on our wholly-owned International businesses. We are seeing another good year of cereal growth in Canada, with year-to-date sales up 3% in constant currency. Banana Nut Cheerios, as the latest addition to our Canadian product lineup, is off to a great start in just nine months. On Cinnamon Toast Crunch, we've expanded our advertising to new consumer targets and geographies, doubling or driving double-digit sales growth. And the health benefits of Multigrain Cheerios and Fiber One continue to resonate with Canadian consumers. Sales for both brands are up high-single digits this year. Year-to-date, we've added a full point of dollar market share and are leading category growth. Let's turn to Häagen-Dazs super premium ice cream, where we are seeing terrific growth in markets around the world. In Europe, France is leading our strong performance. Through a combination of new products, strong merchandising support and distribution gains, we have increased household penetration to record levels, up 2.7 points over the last year. Year-to-date sales in France have increased at a double-digit rate. Our businesses in the U.K. and Germany are doing well, too. In Greater China, continued expansion of Häagen-Dazs shops and strong growth in Mooncake sales are driving double-digit growth. And we continue to bring Häagen-Dazs to new markets. We now have two Häagen-Dazs shops in India, with plans to add more locations next year. And we just opened a shop in Cairo.  New products play a key role in our growth, too. One example is Häagen-Dazs Secret Sensations, which is launching in France and Spain this spring. With ice cream on the outside and a liquid crème brûlée or chocolate fondant center, this new product platform will deliver rich indulgence to Häagen-Dazs consumers. We expect new product innovation to help keep our Häagen-Dazs momentum going in 2012. Our convenience meals are great-tasting dinner solutions for consumers in more than 60 countries. Sales have been growing at a double-digit rate the past three years and are up 12% year-to-date in 2011. Old El Paso was leading double-digit growth for the Mexican category in France and Spain, with new products, great in-store execution and strong advertising. A combination of new products and effective merchandising is driving Old El Paso growth in Canada. And in each of these markets, we've added at least one full point of household penetration in the last year. In China, we are helping retailers grow the frozen entrée category. We are bringing Wanchai Ferry dumplings to additional cities and expanding our product lineup to include other dim sum items and noodles. Over the latest 52-week period, frozen category sales in China are up over 20%, and we continue to gain share in this very important market. And in Australia, we are expanding our lineup of Italian products, with the acquisition of Pasta Master. This will add refrigerated lasagna capabilities to our current line of fresh pastas and sauces. The transaction is expected to be completed during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011. Wholesome snacking is another great category for us. Our International sales have increased at a 16% compound rate in recent years. Sales are growing again in 2011, but in the first half of this year, we were not able to keep up with consumer demand for our grain snacks in Canada. We now have additional snack bar capacity, and we are seeing improving sales trends. In the U.K., we are driving double-digit sales growth and leading the growth of the grain bar category. That's thanks to a strong new product launches like Nature Valley Crunchy and more, combined with effective advertising and in-store merchandising.  We continue to add great new varieties to our Fiber One product line in Canada, that's driving strong sales growth and an all-time high in dollar share. In a recent nationwide survey, Fiber One 100 Calorie Bars were voted the best new Canadian snack bar product in 2011. And we are bringing Nature Valley to new markets, with recent launches in Australia and South Korea. Across our consolidated International businesses, we've driven consistent top line growth. Slide 21 shows that over the past five years, constant currency net sales have increased at an 8% compound rate. And we are on track to meet our goals of mid-single digit sales growth in 2011. Along with that sales growth, we have had good margin performance over time as well. As our International businesses grow larger, we gain benefits of scale, lowering manufacturing costs and improving leverage on consumer and administrative spending. Our global platforms carry attractive margins, so as we focus on these businesses, we benefit from improved product mix. We are sharing cost savings ideas across our markets and leveraging U.S. best practices to drive holistic margin management initiatives around the world. And we are investing in systems and capabilities, too. Our global SAP implementation is well underway and will provide us with one integrated data platform for decision-making on our current businesses and integration support for future acquisitions as well. We have already implemented SAP in markets representing nearly 90% of our sales, without disrupting the needs of employees, customers or consumers. Through our global business solutions organization, we are bringing improved process efficiency and new capabilities to our markets. At the heart of this strong performance is a deep and talented leadership team. Each one of our Region Presidents has worked in multiple countries, and most of them have operated in both developed and emerging markets. Combined with local leadership teams in key markets such as China, India and Brazil, we benefit from both global experience and local market expertise. My team and I feel great about the talent, the capabilities and business results of the International division in 2011. The product news and innovation we have brought to market are driving increased sales. We are expanding our global product platforms into new markets. Margin expansion is providing the fuel we need for both current and future growth. And we remain on track to deliver our 2011 constant-currency targets of mid-single digit growth in net sales and double-digit growth in segment operating profits. We think growth prospects are excellent for our global categories and brands. I look forward to seeing many of you in Boston in July, where I will outline our plans for continuing growth in 2012. With that, I will turn today's call over to Ken Powell.
Kendall Powell: Okay. Well, good morning to all of you. As you can see, Chris and his team are generating strong performance across our International business this year, and I'm confident that our International operations will be increasingly important contributors to General Mills' growth in the years ahead. And in fact, as you know, we have plans to expand our International operations. Last week, we announced that we have entered into exclusive negotiations to purchase a 51% controlling interest in the Yoplait operating company headquartered in France, along with a 50% interest in an affiliated entity that holds the Yoplait trademarks.  Under the proposed transaction, we will partner with Sodiaal, who retains the remaining stake, to build the Yoplait brand and business in France, Europe and around the world. As many of you know, we have been a successful business partner with Sodiaal for decades through our agreement in 1977 to license the Yoplait brand in the U.S. market. Completion of the transaction is subject to final approval by the sellers, consultation with the respective workers' councils and regulatory approval. So it's really too soon to offer additional deals -- details on this business today. We look forward to sharing more information on Yoplait and the growth opportunities we see when the transaction is completed. We think that will be sometime during the first quarter of fiscal 2012. Now the worldwide operating environment certainly continues to be challenging. Consumers remain cautious during this slow economic recovery, and food manufacturers are managing through a period of rising and volatile costs for food ingredients and energy. Productivity savings and mix management will offset some of this inflation, but pricing actions are also being taken to offset a portion of the cost increases. In recent months, we have announced a variety of pricing actions across our businesses. And as you can see on Slide 26, our third quarter results show some contribution from price realization in our Foodservice and International results. Additional pricing will become effective in the fourth quarter, and is expected to begin contributing to net sales results for all of our business segments, including our U.S. Retail business. Looking at our U.S. Retail net sales performance for the latest quarter, you see a comparison against some very tough comps a year ago. However, our consumer takeaway performance over this same time period shows good momentum across a number of key product lines.  Slide 27 shows our Retail sales growth rates for the latest quarter and year-to-date, combining measured and non-measured channels. For the majority of our product lines, our Retail sales growth was solid year-to-date and accelerated in the third quarter. Let me say a quick word about the cereal category in particular. Reported net sales for Big G cereals were down 6% in the quarter against a tough comparison. Last year, we launched Chocolate Cheerios and Wheaties Fuel in this period. Those launches drove strong sales growth on top of a double-digit increase the year before that. So that's for the quarter. Through nine months of this year, Big G net sales are running just a touch below last year, and Retail sales for the ready-to-eat cereal category are strengthening as promotion levels moderate. We’ve led category sales performance year-to-date, and our share is up a half a point in measured channels alone. We expect continued improvement in cereal category sales as we go forward, reflecting pricing and increased news and innovation. As we wrap up another soup season, Progresso continues to post improving results. Our Retail sales grew 4% in the quarter, and sales for the ready-to-serve soup category overall were down just 1%. We increased our household penetration and our distribution was up as well. In total, we gained more than two points of dollar share this quarter. Retail sales for Pillsbury Refrigerated Dough increased 5% in the quarter, with good growth on both baseline and incremental sales during the key baking season. While Retail sales for Betty Crocker dessert mixes were flat in the quarter, our performance during this September through December baking season exceeded our expectations, with our strongest sales growth coming in non-measured channels. We've got more consumer news coming in the fourth quarter. If your brackets are already shot in this year's March Madness basketball tournament, all is not lost. You can still play the Betty Bracket. Head to bettycrocker.com to vote for your favorite recipe selections out of the 64-snack lineup. This Easter, Pillsbury and Betty Crocker are bringing new recipes and baking ideas to stores and to their websites. Our Cascadian Farm brand is launching a year-round sustainability initiative, starting with an effort to preserve our rivers. We're currently promoting this initiative on packages and in-store displays. And we're enhancing our digital media efforts for multicultural consumers, with bilingual recipes on our Qué Rica Vida website and a new app for your Smart phone. So we're seeing some good trends on our U.S. Retail businesses, and we expect this momentum to continue in the fourth quarter and into the new year. Turning to the Bakeries & Foodservice segment. Our performance has been outpacing the industry as we've focused on customer segments with the best growth prospects. Net sales with Foodservice distributors grew 2% in the quarter, led by our hot breakfast products like Pillsbury Heat n' Eat Mini Pancakes that are very popular in K-12 schools. Sales in convenience stores grew 10%, as we gained distribution on new snack offerings such as Wheaties Fuel Bites and Betty Crocker dessert bars. And we saw good sales growth in restaurants and in-store bakeries, up 13% in the quarter. Our branded product lines have been the drivers of our sales growth, with cereal up 2%, snacks increasing 9%, and yogurt sales up 10% through the first nine months of the year. This sales growth is translating into good operating profit performance. By focusing on higher-margin products and channels, the Bakeries & Foodservice segment achieved double-digit operating profit margin last year, a significant improvement over previous years. Our focused business approach is working again this year. In addition, we are benefiting a bit from volatility in the grain markets, which adds profits in our grain merchandising activities. As a result, we'll be a bit closer to matching last year's strong profit performance than we had anticipated at the start of this fiscal year. So in summary, the global operating environment and heightened commodity market volatility are certainly challenging, yet our businesses are performing in line with our long-term model. We expect to generate good sales and earnings growth in the final quarter of this year, and meet the targets we set for fiscal 2011 in total. Those targets call for low-single digit net sales growth, mid-single digit segment operating profit growth and diluted EPS of $2.46 to $2.48 per share. That guidance represents 7% to 8% growth from last year's adjusted diluted EPS of $2.30. So with that, I think we will now open up the call for questions. Operator, would you go ahead and get us started?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: Just a general sort of open question here. You know how sticky and non-changing consumer behavior is, particularly in the morning day part. But recently, it really appears that consumer behavior, particularly among the high-income consumers is changing rapidly. As you're thinking about that single-serve coffee, Greek yogurt brands, you're seeing this momentum picking up among what many of us would consider the best types of customers, those high-income, often female, are changing. As you're thinking about the next round of innovation, fiscal '12, do you have to maybe, get a little bolder about that type of innovation, not just think about extensions of trademarks but thinking about cross-aisle cannibalization and thinking bigger and bolder with the new ideas?
Kendall Powell: Hi, David. This is Ken, and thank you for the question. I guess, the way we would look at it is probably, I would describe it as a third, a third, a third as we look across the consumer base. I think a third of consumers probably didn't see much of a recession, and those may be the consumers that you're referring to, and their shopping trips and their activities I think have been in line with what we've seen historically. A third of consumers are doing okay, and they may have changed behavior a little bit. And then a third of consumers have been more stressed in the recession, with unemployment and all of the concerns that we know about. So I guess, I would say there's a spectrum out there. We've got a broad portfolio where we have products that are very appealing to the value consumer and that have done very well for us, and all the way up to servings for two, frozen meals, like Wanchai Ferry and Macaroni Grill, and those have done well also. And so I guess, I would say going forward, there is quite a diversity of consumer circumstances and behavior out there. We think that our broad portfolio and wide range of price points and brands really gives us a lot of flexibility and opportunity to appeal to all of them. And as you said, they are great brands, so we can build on all of them. And as we unfold our innovation in June of next year and show you what we've got, I think you're going to be pleased with the spectrum of innovation that we have.
Operator: Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess, we were a little bit surprised that there wasn't a bit more price realization in the Retail segment. And I guess, Ken, you mentioned that, that should start to come on as we're into the fourth quarter, and then I suppose, flowing through into 2012. Could you talk a little bit about why that is? I think you had initially signaled pricing something like six months ago.
Kendall Powell: Well, I think we began taking some of the pricing, remind me of the dates here, in December, and then...
Donal Mulligan: October and December.
Kendall Powell: So kind of November, December, then more in January, more in February. So it's been, Eric, a little bit feathered by category over the last three months, and we've – and still taken some more here recently. So it has been feathered. We did see sequentially, over the course of the quarter, our prices strengthened, and so they finished quite a bit stronger than they started. And so that trend is clear, and I think you can see that in your own data. And we very much expect that price realization here to accelerate as we go into March, April and May, the last quarter. I think that's very clear that, that's going to happen.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then if I could follow up, when you talk about your first, I guess, more specific comment about fiscal 2012, when you talk about good business growth, I assume that you're forecasting that price realization to come through despite the inflation. You're also thinking that the cereal category is going to grow, or at least perform better than it has. And then does that also -- not to kind of pin you on this, but does that also assume whatever impact Yoplait is going to have on the -- the Yoplait acquisition is going to have? Or are these comments kind of pre-Yoplait?
Kendall Powell: Yes, these comments are pre-Yoplait now, Eric, because we don't really exactly know when it's going to close. And therefore, the precise nature of when the impacts will start to hit. So we want to give you very good information when we have it, and that's going to be later in the year. But for the -- generally, for next year, we'll get into far more detail, of course, here in June. But our starting point is always our long-term model, which we're very committed to. I think you've made a comment on pricing and clearly, the pricing that we're taking is being reflected now, and our expectation is it would be fully or close to fully reflected as we go into Q1. The cereal category, as you said, we believe is going to strengthen in value here as we go forward, and we're quite optimistic about those category dynamics going forward. Obviously, we know what our innovation is going to be, and some of the things we already have in markets. So we think we're going to have good baseline building initiatives in the cereal category that will allow us to play our game there, which is sort of steady incremental share increases driven by baseline. So anyway, I'm trying to touch on some of the points that you made, but our starting point is always our model. Pricing realization is going to come through. Cereal category is going to get stronger. And as soon as we have good, solid information on Yoplait, we'll share that with you in detail.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens of JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I just want to ask a little -- push you a little bit more on the cereal category. I mean, our data shows indeed that things are picking up there both in terms of volume and pricing. But your negative 6%, frankly surprised me a little bit. It was more than the syndicated data might lead us to conclude. Can you kind of parse that a little bit for us? For example, how much volume do you think you've lost just strictly on a comparison with the launch of Chocolate Cheerios and Wheaties Fuel? Just help us out there a little bit.
Kendall Powell: The bulk of it, Terry, was the very difficult new product comparison. The Chocolate Cheerios, in particular, was -- we love all our children, but that one was extraordinarily successful. I think nearly a full share point in the early days and has continued to perform very well, and so that's better. But Wheaties Fuel also got off to a strong start. So we really had a very strong new product story there in that third quarter of last year. Cinnamon Burst Cheerios that we've launched now is a good product. That's going to be a 0.6% or a 0.7% share, which is just fine, but it's not Chocolate Cheerios. So really, that's the bulk of it, Terry. As I said, as we look at the other elements in our cereal business, we are positive about the category dynamics now, as you mentioned, and we've got good baseline initiatives out there, whole grain news, which is very relevant to consumers. A Chex major step-up in advertising, kind of a relaunch that's proving to be very, very good. And as we get to the first quarter, you're going to see some new products that you like. So we feel very good about the fundamentals of the cereal business. We had this tough comp because of Chocolate Cheerios, but that's behind us now.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And just one quick follow-up, just on the Yoplait thing, I know we'll get the details in the first quarter. But I was looking at a story with one of my clients, said that they were trying to figure out whether at this point in time, do you expect any serious pushback from the French government in terms of the deal?
Kendall Powell: Well, we expect the deal to be completed, and I think there's a little bit of commentary in the press. But we think it's a very good transaction for General Mills, very good for Sodiaal, and we expect that it's going to be completed here over the next period of time.
Operator: Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Walmart has announced a significant number of rollbacks in Canada on pricing, and I'm starting to have visions of second calendar quarter of 2010. Can you talk about just broadly speaking, the retail environment in the acceptance of the price increases? And then as a companion part to that question, do you expect negative volumes going forward because of price volume elasticity in U.S. Retail?
Kendall Powell: Yes, David. I think because of the magnitude of the inflation that we're seeing across our commodity baskets and across energy and because of the fact, as you know, that all of our retail partners, or most of them, have a very high level of visibility on all of this through their own retail brands, I would say that they’re not at all surprised by the conversations that we've been having over the last three or four months on our need to have some list price increases to offset inflation. Now always, as you know, pricing is the last thing we want to do. The first thing we do is the -- our focus on productivity and mix to offset as much of it as we can. But given what we're seeing, we need some list pricing. And I think that our retail partners understand that. And so those are proceeding apace.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: And then what about price volume elasticity? Price and volume elasticity, are you expecting...
Kendall Powell: Yes. We do expect some elasticity. But I have to say, David, given that the inflation is -- I mean, everyone is seeing it, whether it's retail, food or food-away-from-home, I mean, obviously, everyone is having a -- looks at a similar basket of inputs. They're all seeing inflation. And so we'll see, we believe we're going to see generalized food inflation across all segments, which means that the relative value of food purchased from retail outlets and grocery stores, we think, is going to continue to be very compelling for consumers.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: If I could sneak in one last question on this Yoplait transaction, just the strategy of it, can you just address one point that I've heard now several times from clients? There was a question regarding whether or not you were kind of forced into this transaction because the royalty rates that you paid to Sodiaal were going to go up dramatically that, that was the principal catalyst in terms of wanting to do the deal. Can you just talk about that one so that we have some real information in front of us as to the strategy here?
Kendall Powell: Yes, sure. No, I'll tell you. The core strategy and opportunity here is really a unique opportunity to gain the access to a terrific global brand. These kind of things don't come around that often, and really, the core of it for us is this is a very significant opportunity to create very consistent, long-term growth by participating in one of the best global categories there is. I mean, this is, David, it’s a $40 billion category globally, with very favorable growth characteristics. It works in developed markets, it works in developing markets. It's just really a terrific category. And that is the core of the strategy that we're now able to participate in that category fully and globally and with, I might add, a partner who has been very successful at building the brand and developing the brand in their markets. Sodiaal are -- they're very, very good at this, and so we think the combination of General Mills and Sodiaal in the global yogurt category is very exciting news and very good for the company, very good for our shareholders.
Operator: Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Ken, you talked about, obviously, the expectation to see some improved net price realization in the U.S. Retail segment in the fiscal fourth quarter. I remember last year, I think that in that fourth quarter in that segment, volume was up something like 8%?
Kendall Powell: What was up 8%, sorry?
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Volume in the U.S. Retail in the fourth quarter last year. So I just wanted to get a sense of, perhaps how we should think about the sales growth drivers for U.S. Retail in the fiscal fourth quarter, just given that pretty tough volume comp? I assume we'll see, obviously, improving net price realization. But with volume in Retail having been flat in this third quarter, and obviously part of that was the cereal comp as you spoke of, is your expectation that you'll see positive volume for U.S. Retail in the fourth quarter as well?
Kendall Powell: I don't know. No, that's not our expectation. Our expectation is that our sales growth will be driven by pricing realization in the fourth quarter, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Got it. And then when you referenced kind of the cereal category and how you see that shaping up going forward, you talked about -- you expect the category to strengthen from a value perspective. And again, thinking out broadly into a fiscal '12 time frame, more for the cereal category as a whole, clearly, you expect some incremental pricing. But would you also expect volume, given the category has been sort of a negative territory year-over-year, to improve as well, given the innovation and things that you're seeing? Or do you think volume could remain somewhat weak for the category as well?
Kendall Powell: Well, I'll let my colleagues jump in here if they want. I would say, in general, the cereal category historically, Andrew, is kind of a 1% volume category, 1% or 2% unit. So with some pricing on top of that and because of the huge size of the category, if it unfolds that way, that's all we need in order to have a very productive year in the category. And our expectation, I think for the year would be that it'll roll out something like that. Now there was in the first quarter of last year, and maybe rolling a little bit over into the second quarter, I mean, there was a significant recall and some things that I think depressed the category below normal levels. And obviously, we think everyone will be back kind of firing on all cylinders as we go into the first half of the year. And so we might see category growth a little bit stronger in the first half, and that'd be great.
Operator: Continuing on, our next question comes from Ed Aaron from RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just on the Q4 implied earnings guidance, I think some people have a hard time with that guidance, given the implied growth rate year-over-year, and I understand there are some comparison issues involved. But the guidance does imply for Q4 to have flat to up earnings sequentially. And more often than not, historically, your earnings go down sequentially from Q3 to Q4. So just hoping you could maybe bridge that for me.
Donal Mulligan: Yes, Ed, this is Don. The guidance obviously implies mid-20% EPS growth, a couple of things to keep in mind for that. First is that we will see price realization that Ken alluded to, we'll see it both in list price and changing our trade strategy as well. So we'll see a much more significant benefit from that in the fourth quarter. And this is also -- fourth quarter will be our easiest comp of the year. In F10 through Q3, our EPS growth was 21%, Q4 was minus 5%. Part of that minus 5% was the fact that we did do the debt tender last year, which was about $0.04 charge in the quarter. And so we'll be lapping that in the fourth quarter this year. So the combination of the price realization and the comp gives us a great deal of confidence in delivering that fourth quarter EPS guidance.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And then just a follow-up on cereal, the shipment growth was obviously quite a bit below consumption in the quarter. Could you maybe talk about where inventories stand now in the channel? And then if I'm reading you right, you have some products that you're excited about, presumably in cereal, coming up in the summer time frame. Would you expect maybe a reversal of what you had this last quarter, a quarter or two down the road when you get some of your new products out into the channel?
Kendall Powell: Yes, you're correct in observing that our retail takeaway has been -- was quite a bit ahead of deliveries in the third quarter, and so there was some reduction in pipeline. And it's hard to predict when that will change. And we usually -- I mean, there's pipeline adjustments up and down in our businesses, and we don't really like to really dwell on them as reasons for one thing or another. But the pipeline did shrink in Q3. At some point, they'll stabilize, and we don't know whether that's going to happen in the fourth quarter or the first quarter. But it doesn't really affect how we approach the business planning or our expectations for the overall business for the year.
Operator: And continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow, BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I just want to understand when you say good business growth, and I think, Ken, you said that it was the starting point with your long-term growth model, is that a fair -- did I interpret that correctly?
Kendall Powell: Yes, that's always our starting point. Now obviously, we'll give you all the detail here that you're, I know, eager for in June. But of course, we're committed to our long-term growth model.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So there would be nothing unusual in 2012 -- obviously the commodity prices, but -- that would take you off your long-term growth rate, I guess, is what I'm trying to get at?
Kendall Powell: Our starting point is our long-term growth model.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then my other question is, and I know we've asked this in a lot of different ways, but can you compare and contrast 2008 to today in terms of ability to pass along prices and the price elasticity? Do you think you're better positioned? Do you think the categories are better positioned? Do you think they're worse positioned? Just give us some context to kind of think of it relative to 2008 to now and relative to the consumer, your new products, things like that.
Kendall Powell: Well, I think there are a number of similarities in that the level of inflation, I mean, is even -- if you look at what's being predicted by the calendar companies, I mean, the sort of, I’d say the, sort of, general level is maybe even a little bit higher than what we saw in 2008. But the level of inflation is such that I think that there's a -- it's commonly seen, I mean, I think there's agreement that we're going to need some pricing to offset that inflation. And so in that respect, I think the two periods of time are very similar. Now of course, we've come through a very significant recession, and we're still pulling out of it. And so the consumer is a little bit more stressed. But having said that, there's no question that our products and the products that consumers find in grocery stores continue to be a great value for consumers, and they find a lot of value. And so we think that from that standpoint, in terms of the channels that we compete in, we'll continue to be advantaged, and consumers will continue to seek out our products.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just on that, the relative premium relative to private label has come down since '08, is that a fair point?
Kendall Powell: Yes.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So private label share markings may not be as great?
Kendall Powell: Yes. I think the pricing gap in aggregate across our categories is a little bit lower than what it was. And over the last nine months, I think our fiscal year-to-date, we've seen retail brands, private label share decline some, as we work our way out of the recession. So both of those comments that you made are true.
Operator: Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Just wanted to ask about the sampling activity and promotions that you've been conducting on the soup category over the last several months. I would be curious to know, I mean, you came out at the beginning of the year with the intention of doing these bursts of [indiscernible] in-store samplings. What have you learned from those events? Do you think further events like that are going to be needed in the future? Just a little bit of color on that would be great.
Kendall Powell: So thanks for the question. And really, as you said, Alexia, we did what we said we would do, really beginning back in May, which was -- we wanted to have good levels of baseline building, category building, advertising. We've had that. We've had these kind of combined sampling and merchandising events. And those, that sort of spectrum of activities did a couple of things for us, helped us increase our distribution nicely. It gave us a very nice penetration gain, starting to rebuild that penetration in the soup category. So we're very pleased with that, and gave us sales gains and share gains. So we feel quite good about that plan. It did what we wanted it to do. And in June here, we'll tell you more about how we're going to drive the soup category in F12. But you will see good levels of baseline building advertising. We have some very good innovation that we think is going to really appeal to our core consumers. So we'll keep playing our game, which is fundamentals and focused on building the consumer franchise.
Operator: Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Todd Duvick of Merrill Lynch.
Todd Duvick - Bank of America Corporation: Quick question for you, if the Yoplait transaction proceeds as you expect it to and then in February you’ve got another $1 billion note that's maturing, I'm just wanting to know how you're thinking about your financing plans going forward. Obviously, you have access to commercial paper, but do you think about tapping the debt capital markets opportunistically, given the attractive rates right now? Or how are you thinking about that?
Kendall Powell: Todd, you're right on both fronts. Obviously, as we fund the Yoplait acquisition, we are going to maintain our credit rating and our leverage ratios. We obviously have cash offshore, much of which we'll be able to re-purpose to this acquisition which will help that funding. We will be back in the debt capital market as you alluded to, we have a $1 billion bond that's maturing in February of 2012. So you can expect to see us, certainly in our fiscal '12, be coming to the market, certainly probably in the first half of the year.
Operator: Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta of Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Wondering first whether you could quantify the impact of the favorable grain merchandising results in Bakeries & Foodservice in the quarter.
Donal Mulligan: Yes, it was about roughly a third of the profit gained year-over-year.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. Then moving on to the yogurt category and the Yoplait acquisition, or the proposed Yoplait acquisition, in particular, could you give us an idea as to which markets you view as most attractive to get ownership of? And which markets are already licensed out by the licensing company versus potentially -- versus wholly-owned by the operating company?
Kendall Powell: Eric, we're going to share our plans for how we expect to grow Yoplait in concert with Sodiaal when the deal closes, and as we said, we expect that to be in the early part of our fiscal, first quarter of fiscal 2012. What we can say today is they have two very strong businesses in France and the U.K. that they have run very effectively, and we're proud to partner with them in those markets. Other expansion opportunities would be in emerging markets, we believe, and we'll share those, some of our initial thoughts there in the summer.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then in terms of the yogurt category in the U.S., how is Yoplait Greek performing? Because when you look at the syndicated data, it looks like the traditional yogurts overall are losing share to the Greek brands or the Greek style brands. And is focusing on dessert yogurts, like the parfaits, really on track with the trend that you're seeing with people moving towards Greek?
Kendall Powell: Yes, Eric, so thank you for the question. And I think that the Greek segment is a growth driver now in the category. And I will say that our core businesses in Yoplait, Yoplait Light, for instance, had very good growth in the quarter. Our kids segment is doing good. We have good growth in channels. So our core business is doing what we want it to do. But the real incremental growth in the category, as you've said now is coming from Greek. We've just shipped the Yoplait Greek with the new formulas and the new flavors, and so we don't really -- we don't have data to share with you. If we did, we would. What we do know is that the reception to the product from our customers has been very positive. We think the product is very good, and so we're very optimistic. We obviously want to participate in that segment, and we'll tell you more as we know more. And then I think I would also add, so we like the opportunity that we have with the Greek yogurt. But I would also just remind you, we also like the opportunity that we're going to have with Mountain High Yoghurt. We've completed that deal. That product, we believe, is very on trend. It's an all-natural product. It really appeals to heavy users of yogurt who are using it in cooking and as an ingredient among other things, it's primarily a large-size business. And so it's going to be -- it's on trend, it's growing and it's going to be very incremental for our Yoplait business. And so we like the opportunities we see both in our Greek business and also in driving growth in that Mountain High business, which we're very excited to have.
Operator: Our final question for today comes from the line of Jon Feeney from Janney.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Just one question on the advertising spending reduction, how much of that was just the timing? And I know you increased spending a lot last year, but that certainly helped a lot last year. And how much of that -- I'm wondering how much of that reduction is sort of just the timing of sort of programs that you have planned this year and how much of that year-over-year reduction is maybe a tactical response to some of the realities in the marketplace. Like maybe that return isn't so great as it had been before. That's really it.
Kendall Powell: Okay, well, no. I mean, the advertising that we buy and the investment that we make is very much guided by improvements by return and by baseline. So obviously, we're very -- we believe very strongly in that investment and committed to it. This year, as you point out, it was a very difficult inflation and pricing environment, and so we wanted to manage that and we basically have done exactly what we said we would do going back to the beginning of the year, which is our media spend was up 24% a year ago. This year, we think, all-in, it's going to be down maybe mid-single digits in terms of the spend. But I guess, I'd hasten to add that the way we've spent the money and the mix of the spend is -- our GRPs will actually be up double digit, 10% or 15%. So we've done a -- I think we've done this really well. I mean, it's been a challenging environment from a cost standpoint and you need to manage and make adjustments, and so we've had a slight reduction in advertising but a very good increase in advertising rates. And I think the teams did that really well, and we've managed that whole situation very appropriately.
Donal Mulligan: And the only thing I’d add to that, Jonathan, is that you have to also put it in context that we have essentially doubled our advertising spend over the last five years. We're building it.
Operator: I'll turn the conference back to Ms. Wenker now for your concluding remarks.
Kristen Wenker: The only conclusion is if there are questions remaining out there, please give a call and we'll try and help. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and ask that you please disconnect. Thank you once again. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2010-12-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kris Wenker - VP, IR Ken Powell - CEO Don Mulligan - CFO John Church - SVP, Supply Chain
Analysts: Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Jonathan Feeney - Janney Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the FY '11 Q2 results conference call. (Operator Instructions) Now, I'd like to turn the conference over to Kris Wenker, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Kris Wenker: Thank you very much operator. Good morning everybody. I'm here with Ken Powell, our CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO; and John Church, who leads our Supply Chain Organization. And I'll turn the microphone over to them in just a minute. First I'm going to do my usual housekeeping item. Our press release is out on the wire services and it's also posted on our website. We've posted slides on the website too. They supplement our prepared remarks for this morning, and the remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And so with that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, starting with Don.
Don Mulligan: Thanks, Kris, and hello everyone. Thanks for joining us on this call. As you know, we faced difficult comparisons in the first two quarters of this year. So we're pleased with the results we released this morning, which were essentially in line with our strong year ago performance. We have plans in place for another robust growth in the second half of our year and are on track to achieve our full year sales and earnings targets. This morning, I'll review our financial results for the latest quarter and year-to-date, and then John and Ken will talk about plans for the back half of the year. Slide 5 summarizes our second quarter performance. Net sales grew 1%, driven by pound volume increases. Segment operating profit declined 3% in the quarter, primarily due to higher input cost and increased promotional spending. Net earnings totaled $614 million and diluted EPS increased to $0.92. These results include a net increase related to mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions, as well as the net benefit from certain tax matters that we announced last month. These items contributed $0.16 to our second quarter earnings this year. Excluding these items, second quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.76, within a penny, a very strong year ago result. Starting with the topline, Slide 6 shows the components of total company sales growth. Pound volume contributed 3 points of growth for the quarter. Net price realization and mix subtracted 2 points of growth. And foreign exchange did not materially impact total company's sales growth in the quarter. Slide 7 details our net sales performances by segment. U.S. retail sales essentially matched last year's strong levels. As we told you in July, our plans anticipated higher promotional levels across the U.S. retail food industry through our first half and that's what we've seen. For the second quarter, net price realization and mix subtracted 3 points of sales growth, which offset a 3% increase in pound volume. International sales were up 4% as reported and up 7%, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Pound volume growth was even stronger, up 8%. In our bakeries and food service segments, net sales were up 3%, including the loss of 2 points of growth from a divested product line. Our results in this segment continue to run ahead of industry trend. Ken will talk more about segment performance a bit later. Slide 8 outlines our second quarter gross margin performance for the past three years. On a reported basis, this year's gross margin was 40.2%, but that includes changes in the market value, grain inventories and commodity hedges we'll use in future periods. Excluding mark-to-market effects, our gross margin in the second quarter was 39.5%, that's well above our margin for the same period two years ago. But as we expected, it's below the very strong margin we delivered in the second quarter last year. That primarily due to higher input cost and expenses related to capital projects just more heavily into the first half of this year. We expect second half margins excluding mark-to-market effects to be above last year's levels. And we still expect full year gross margins before any mark-to-market effects to be comparable for last year. Some factors give us confidence to this outlook. Our plans continue to perform very well. We expect to see improving price realization in the second half, as price increases take effect and promotional levels ease. In the third quarter, we'll lap $48 million charge taken last year for a change in the capitalization threshold for spare parts. And we have strong holistic margin management activities in place. John will talk more about these efforts in just a minute. We continue to invest at strong levels in advertising and media. In 2011, we're seeing efficiency improvements in our spending through HMM efforts and use of very targeted vehicles like digital. Our total media expense in the second quarter was below last year's very strong levels, due impart to these efficiencies. The change in media spending versus last year also reflects the fact that we added spending in the second quarter of last year, while this year's second quarter reflects reductions in media expenses versus our plan. However, the expense reduction doesn't signal reduced consumer pressure. U.S. TV impressions which are the largest part of our media budget and are measured by GRPs, were up at a double-digit rate in the quarter. For 2011, in total, we're projecting a double-digit increase in TV GRPs, along with spending growth in targeted areas like multicultural media and digital. Our in-market consumer pressure will range strong in 2011, but we're expecting overall media expense will be somewhat below year-ago levels. Slide 10 shows our segment operating profit for the quarter. U.S. Retail profit declined 4% from the strong year-ago levels. This reflects higher promotional spending and the input cost increases we've been discussing. International profit was up 25%, driven by strong growth in Canada and favorable foreign exchange. Bakeries and Foodservice profit was down 13% for the quarter, primarily due to lower grain merchandising earnings in the period and timing of administrative expense. After-tax earnings from joint ventures decreased by $3 million in this quarter as higher media spending and this year's step-up in service cost for CPW offset increased sales. On a constant currency basis, CPW sales were up 1%. Cost to currency net sales trends for Häagen-Dazs joint venture in Japan improved in the quarter, but remained soft, reflecting the challenging economic environment in that market. Completing our review of the income statement, restructuring expense was below year ago, as planned. Interest expense declined 8% in the quarter, reflecting a shift in our mix to more short-term debt versus a year ago. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 21.7%, well below last year, primarily due to a net benefit from two separate tax matters. Excluding items affecting comparability, our second quarter tax rate was 33.5%. That's in line with the annual guidance, which calls for our effective tax rates, excluding items, to be comfortable to our 2010 rate of 33.4%. The average number of diluted shares outstanding was down 2% in the quarter, consistent with our target for the full year. Switching to the balance sheet, core working capital increased 3%. Higher International sales, which tend to have longer customer payment terms, drove an increase in receivables. And inventory values were up, reflecting the rise in input costs. Cash flow from operations totaled $600 million in the first half. That's below last year due to the timing of approvals related to trade and promotional spending as well the increase in core working capital. Operating cash flow will improve in the second half as earnings improve and our use of working capital declines. We remain committed to returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividend. Our 2011 annualized dividend rate of $1.12 per share represents 17% increase from last year's rate. And we repurchased 26 million shares in the first half. In total, we returned more than $1.3 billion to General Mills' shareholders year-to-date, more than twice the amount during the same period last year. The operating environment through the first six months of this year included higher levels of price promotion by food manufacturers and retailers. So we were happy to see all three of our operating segments post net sales and volume increase for the first half, as shown on Slide 16. In total then, through the first half, net sales were up 1%. Earnings after-tax totaled nearly $1.1 billion, and diluted earnings per share were $1.63. Excluding certain items affecting comparability, our adjusted earnings per share totaled $1.40, roughly in line with last year's very strong first half results. As you look ahead to the second half, we expect to see our pricing trends improve over the period as promotional spending levels ease and price increases take effect across a number of our businesses. This trend should unfold as the second half progresses. We have a good product news and marketing support in place to fuel sales growth for our brand. And strong levels of productivity savings from HMM initiatives would contribute to gross margins above last year's level. Jetting our gross margin is one key to delivering our 2011 targets. I'll turn the microphone over to John Church who will talk about our plans for that.
John Church: Thanks, Don. Good morning everyone. I am pleased to be here to discuss how HMM continues to help General Mills protect margins and fuel our business growth. Let me give you a quick refresher on our approach to holistic margin management. It includes many levers we can pull to protect our margins from mix management to list price increases to promotional spending efficiency. As Don just mentioned, improved price realization and mix are definitely part of our plan for fiscal 2011. HMM also includes improvements we are making to various administrative processes. And of course, it includes supply chain productivity. The size of each of these efforts varies by business and time period, but COGS productivity is the largest contributor to HMM cost savings, and this is where I'll focus my comments this morning. We use the savings we generate from all of these efforts to offset inflation and fund consumer investment, which ultimately grows our topline. We adopted our HMM business model back in 2005. Over the ensuing five years, we faced high levels of input cost inflation. And then in fiscal 2010, there was a brief period of deflation. But we are seeing inflation again this year around 4% to 5% on total input cost for us. The biggest drivers behind this are dairy ingredients, resin-based packaging, fuel, coco and wheat, actually some of the same items that drove deflation in 2010. We are now about 80% covered for our fiscal 2011 commodity and energy needs. We expect input cost inflation to continue beyond fiscal 2011, driven by global macroeconomic factors. So HMM remains a key component in managing our margins. With HMM, we've been successful in offsetting input cost inflation and protecting our margins. As Don just told you, we expect our fiscal 2011 margins before any marked-to-market effects would be comparable to last year despite renewed inflation. That will require margins to come in higher than last year and the second half. We are confident we will see that for all the reasons Don listed, including our pipeline of HMM initiatives. We continue to work on product specific efforts, but we are also identifying initiatives that reach across broader product platforms. We are expanding the way we think about our supply chain to more fully integrate our customers and our suppliers, and we are benefiting from increased global scale. Let me give you a few recent examples of each of these efforts. We are identifying ways we can reformulate specific products to improve manufacturing efficiencies without compromising our quality. For example, a change in the product formulation of Yoplait Thick and Creamy yogurt has allowed us to streamline production. The product is now made with the unique process that eliminates the production step, which saves us energy and increases our manufacturing capacity, all while maintaining the product quality consumers expect. Here is another example. The Big G team identified a new variety of rice for Rice Chex Cereal. The source of this rice is much closer to our manufacturing plants. So we get the same quality ingredient, but a lower transportation cost. We also developed the formula for the chocolate chips and Cookie Crisp cereal that make the chips adhere better to the cereal. And we can make these chips in-house rather than purchase them from a supplier. That reduced the amount of wasted chocolate chips in our system and reduced ingredient and shipping cost too. We are engaging our 18,000 supply chain employees around the world to look for opportunities across product platforms to run our plants more efficiently. We have cross-functional teams in our U.S. Retail division and in each of our International markets that are actively showing best practices, and we are starting to reap the benefits of this process of continuous improvement. On our growing snack bars business, we are working in plants around the world to eliminate waste and reduce downtime. Consequently, we're able to make more consistent products and have increased manufacturing capacity to support future growth. We have been milling flour since 1866, but through dedicated efforts started a couple of years ago, we have been able to significantly increase yields from our milling facility, essentially getting more flour out of the same amount of wheat. This improvement benefits a number of our product platforms from cereal to baking mixes to foodservice products. We are also looking outside our walls to partner with customers and suppliers on cost savings opportunities. For example, we worked with one of our can suppliers to lower cost for the Green Giant business in Europe. Our supplier is now located directly inside our manufacturing facility, which has significantly reduced inventory levels of cans and the associated transportation costs. We see HMM opportunities in our growing International business continuing. We saved 10% of packaging costs for the Old El Paso brand in Australia by using one packaging supplier identified through our global sourcing initiative. We are now looking at opportunities to leverage the same supplier for our European Old El Paso business. We have also improved the manufacturing capabilities for Old El Paso Tortillas and reduced product rates, saving $2 million in costs. As we expand Nature Valley Granola Bars to more markets, we are using package design first implemented in Europe and we are taking it to Australia and India. We've kept the bars the same size and made the boxes smaller allowing us to fit more boxes in a case, saving us packaging and transportation costs. And HMM is also being deployed at CPW. For example, we have several manufacturing facilities in developing markets where the cost to procure shipments through for raw materials is high. We started an initiative to actually mill the flour as needed on site at each of our manufacturing plants. This eliminates shipping and storage costs for raw materials and improves product quality because the flour is fresher. The result of all these actions has been reduced manufacturing costs and increased productivity. Slide 28 shows our productivity as a percentage of cost of goods sold across our U.S and wholly-owned international businesses. We have seen good improvement in our cost productivity and are on track for further increases in fiscal 2011. Giving you a few examples of the productivity initiatives we have around the world, and I think we are well positioned to keep the HMM wheel rolling. We have visibilities to specific projects going on at least three years, and our pipeline of ideas has not fallen off. In fact, we have seen the pipeline grow each year because HMM is an innovation process. We found that the improvements we made to our current systems often reveal new opportunities that we hadn't previously considered. Our cost savings are offsetting input cost inflation and protecting our margins. We are reinvesting those cost savings back into our brands in the form of marketing support, which in turn drives top-line growth. The more top-line growth we get, the more efficient our supply chain becomes, and the cycle keeps building on itself. We'll continue to be successful in our HMM initiatives because the efforts are grounded in some of these key elements. First, HMM is driven by consumer and customer needs focusing on what's valued by the folks that matter most to our businesses, helping us challenge the way we do things. Secondly, this is a collaborative effort. Employees across our business are empowered and engaged in improving our performance. That approach fits the unique culture of General Mills, which has been why it's been so successful for us. Our cultural embraces collaboration. We are highly focused on innovation that meets the consumer need, improves our processes and ultimately drives shareholder value. We are finding that HMM is scalable across different brands, different businesses and different countries. It's is a systematic approach to productivity and is supported by proven tools that can be used anywhere. All of these things together make it sustainable. We are seeing more creative ideas, which inspire even more ideas, and a whole new way of thinking. And that continues to feed our HMM pipeline. We are well on our way to realize the $1 billion in cost productivity worldwide by fiscal 2012. Looking further ahead, we expect total worldwide supply chain productivity of more than $4 billion over the next decade. So to wrap up my comments this morning, we are using all the leverage that we have available to protect our margins in 2011. We expect our full year gross margins to be comparable to last year's before any mark-to-market effects. We've generated significant savings to-date, and we have many initiatives underway. And we see many more opportunities for HMM savings around the world by engaging all of our employees in the way we do business. I am confident we can sustain our HMM field results for years to come. And with that I'll turn it over to Ken Powell.
Ken Powell: Thanks, John, good morning to everybody. I think as you just heard, clearly our program of Holistic Margin Management is a source of competitive advantage for General Mills. While the operating environment remains challenging, we expect net pricing realization, combined with our strong innovation and brand building activities to contribute to very good sales and earnings growth for General Mills in the second half of this year. Let me give you a brief operating update for each of our business segments and highlight some of the initiatives we have planned for the second half. I'll start with U.S. Retail, where we are seeing solid performance on top of good prior year growth. Net sales for this segment grew 1% in the first half on top of 5% sales growth in the year-ago period and 11% growth the year before that. As Don showed you, volume growth was the driver of our 2011 sales increase. Slide 36 summarizes first half consumer takeaway trends for our key product lines. Overall, we've continued to see stronger growth in channels not captured by IRI or Nielsen data. Remember that for us these non-measured retail channels represent about 40% of our volume. We are committed to leading growth in all of our U.S. Retail categories. The way to do that sustainably is to innovate. We launched a great line-up of new items in the first half of fiscal 2011, and they contributed to share gains in some of our larger categories, including Cereal, Grain Snacks, Dessert Mixes and ready-to-serve soup. In the second half of fiscal 2011, we will be highlighting the strong health benefits of several of our products. We'll have a new national media campaign, telling consumers that General Mills' Cereals are America's number one source of whole grain at breakfast. We'll also break the first national media campaign behind the gluten-free benefits of our Czech cereals and we'll continue to remind consumers about the health benefits and great taste of Progresso soup. Our Yogurt business has strong health benefits too. Yoplait Original now provides half of a woman's daily calcium requirements in one serving. That's twice the amount of other yogurts and with no sacrifice on taste. We will be putting significant marketing support behind this highly relevant category mix. We have also got some great solutions for consumers that resolve to losing weight in the New Year. Our Yoplait Two Week Tune Up is a clinically proven plan to help you lose up to 5 pounds in two weeks by eating Yoplait as part of a balanced diet and exercise program. Progresso Light soups offer consumers 14 great-tasting varieties with 100 calories or less per serving. We will be putting additional media support behind this message in January. And our Fiber One 90 Calorie Bars and Nature Valley Granola Thins are great-tasting snacks that are also low in calories. Now we have been seeing very strong growth in our snack brands and could not fully support customer demand during the first half. So we are glad we are entering the second half with more snack bar capacity and we expect to accelerate grain snack growth in the second half of the year. We have a variety of in-store merchandizing events planned in the second half. We have teamed up with the Biggest Loser TV show. Our Pound for Pound challenge will drive donations to the Feeding America food shelf network. And we'll also have MultiGrain Cheerios and Progresso featured during episodes of the Biggest Loser show. In February, just in time for the Daytona 500, we'll be in-store with NASCAR team packaging and Hot Wheels cars in over 10 million boxes of cereal. And we have expanded our successful Box Tops programs. We have added more General Mills brands and new corporate partners, and we are launching dedicated national advertising. We are launching some great new products in January too. For example, Cinnamon Burst Cheerios provides 20% of the adult daily value for fiber, and it tastes great. So it's a high fiber cereal that everyone in the family can love. We are adding new flavors in packaging formats to our Yoplait Greek Yogurt bar, which competes in the fast-growing segment of the Yogurt category. And we are adding new varieties to our popular Fruit Snacks lines. We also expect continued good contributions from many of our first half launches. Pilsbury Sweet Moments, Wanchai Ferry and Macaroni Grill Frozen Entrées and Yoplait Smoothies are all getting great response from consumers and are expected to deliver over $200 million in retail sales in 2011. We have taken pricing actions on several businesses as a result of higher input costs. List price increases in several categories are effective in the second half. We have also made trade merchandizing changes in various categories. We will continue to monitor inflation and category pricing levels across our portfolio. So far our U.S. Retail businesses, we are working to lead category growth through innovation. We believe that the return of input cost inflation will result in improved price realization and sales trends in our categories. And we see our U.S. Retail business on track to meet our fiscal 2011 targets of low single-digit sales growth and faster growth in operating profits. Moving to our bakeries and food service business, we continue to outperform industry trends and gain market share. For example, we continue to extend our strong performance in the growing education channels with products like Mini Pancakes, a great innovation providing operators with an ultra-convenient way to serve a hot breakfast that kids love. First-half convenience store sales were up 12%, driven by distribution gains and good new item performance. And across this business segment we saw strong growth on key, branded product lines led by a 12% increase in first-half sales for Yogurt and a 9% increase in snacks. We are innovating to meet the diverse needs of our customers while leveraging our powerful brands. Great new products like Sweet & Salty Bugles and Lucky Charms Treat bars are driving growth in our convenience store businesses. Pillsbury Branded Frudel and Mini Pancakes are driving growth and market share in our Foodservice Distributors segment. And we have another round of strong product innovation planned for the second half, including Pillsbury Mini-Cinis and Crescent Scrambles and Betty Crocker indulgent snack bars. Growth prospects in our bakeries and foodservice business remain excellent. Industry trends are improving. We are bringing great innovation to customers. Our direct sales force is a source of competitive advantage, leading to distribution gains for our products. And our focused mixed management strategy is working well. We remain on track to deliver net sales in line with last year, and double digit operating margin in our bakeries and foodservice segment. Outside of the U.S., our businesses are generating solid growth. First-half net sales for our International segment rose 6% on a constant currency basis, driven by Pound volume increases. First-half constant currency sales in Canada were down 1%, reflecting a challenging comparison to 10% growth in the year-ago period along with a highly competitive retail environment. Constant currency sales in Europe were up by 7%, very strong performance in a challenging economic environment. Sales in Asia-Pacific increased 9%, led by continued strong growth in China. And sales in Latin America increased 11%, including price increases in Argentina and Venezuela. We are very encouraged by the trends in our European business. Sales increased for all of our key global brands, led by a strong double digit gain in grain snacks and a mid to high single digit growth by Häagen-Dazs ice cream and Old El Paso Mexican Products. We plan to continue our growth in Europe in the second half of the fiscal year with continued marketing support behind key brands, good new product contributions from Nature Valley and improved net price realization on our Häagen-Dazs Business. In China, Haagen-Dazs sales very up nicely in the first half. Sales of our Häagen-Dazs Mooncakes, a popular gift during the mid-autumn festival, grew at a double-digit rate. Our Haagen-Dazs shops also performed well, particularly in Shanghai, where the World Expo was held earlier this year. We also recorded growth in our Wanchai Ferry Frozen dumpling business. In total, we expect our China business to generate nearly 20% top-line growth for the year, bringing sales to over $400 million in fiscal 2011. We've got strong innovation working around the world. Nature Valley bars have entered n Australia and are doing well. We added Banana Nut cheerios to our cereal line in Canada, helping drive nearly a full point of share growth fiscal year-to-date. Wanchai Ferry has entered a new market segment in China, with the introduction of frozen noodles and the launch of (Crunchy and More) Nature Valley bars in the U.K. drove strong double digit sales growth in the first half for our grain snacks in that market. So our International segment continues to perform well. We remain confident in our ability to achieve our targets for mid single digit constant currency sales growth and double digit operating profit growth for the year. Let me also say a quick word about our Cereal Partners Worldwide joint venture. Net sales are up 2% through the first half of the year on a constant currency basis. Our results reflect category weakness in the U.K., but good performance in other established markets like Australia. We had strong double digit growth in emerging markets like Russia and Brazil, and high single-digit growth in Turkey. Across all markets, our performance was led by high single digit sales growth by the Cheerios and Nesquik brands. Second-half plans for CPW include the launch of Plus, a new adult-targeted cereal, starting with the French and Belgium markets. This brand offers great-tasting fiber and antioxidant benefits. We expect another year of volume and share gain for CPW in fiscal 2011. And longer-term, we see excellent category growth potential, as per-capita cereal consumption increases in markets around the world. So to summarize today's update on General Mills. Sales for our leading food brands continue to grow in markets around the world. That's because these products meet consumer demand for high quality foods that are great-tasting, nutritious, easy to prepare, and offer good value. Our continuing focus on Holistic Margin Management gives us confidence in our ability to protect margins and maintain strong investments in brand building and innovation. With the first half of fiscal 2011 now complete, our expectations for the year are unchanged. We continue to believe industry sales trends will strengthen in the second half of our fiscal year as promotion levels ease in response to renewed cost pressure. We expect our earnings to show good growth across this period, with the fourth quarter likely showing the stronger increase. And we see our business on track to achieve our full year sales and earning targets. So thanks for your interest in General Mills. That concludes our prepared remarks. So we'd now be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Eric Serotta from Wells Fargo Securities.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities: Ken, wondering whether you could give us some perspective as to whether you have seen your competitors either follow some of the list price increases you've announced or pull back on some of the aggressive merchandising activity that we saw in the fiscal first half?
Ken Powell: So Eric, as I noted in my remarks and during the presentation, we have announced a number of list price increases across several of our categories, and those will begin to take effect in January. And we also very much expect the promotional environment to moderate as we go into the second half. And I think you are also aware that a number of players in our space are also beginning to announce certain list price increases. I mean, I think we should let them talk about the detail of those increases. But I do think that as we see the inflationary environment kind of clarify through the next 12 to 18 months going forward, we believe we are beginning to see the industry respond with some list price increases, and we expect to see a moderation in the promotion environment as well, as we've said.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: And maybe I missed it, but could you touch upon the soup category in a little bit greater detail. How did that perform in the fiscal second half, and what are your expectations for the rest of the soup season, especially in light of Campbell's comment that they expect to be pretty promotional in their fiscal second quarter and then try and raise prices in their fiscal second half?
Ken Powell: So just very generally, Eric, I say the environment in the soup category is constructive right now. We believe that the messaging across the category that we see which is really very focused on case and variety is just what the doctor ordered for the category. So we think that that's quite positive now. And as you look over the last two quarters, I mean I guess I would characterize the category as improving. It's still down in the first quarter, down really overall for the second quarter but not nearly as much. And in the most recent period here in November, which is, as we are really getting into the season now, I believe that we had double digit growth. And so we think that this is going in a good direction. Clearly there is more to do and more work to do here, but we like the messaging. And the trends look like they are started to head in a much better direction.
Unidentified Company Representative: The thing I would just add there is that it's fair to say at this point, units are stronger than dollars sales in that category. That would be true for some other categories as well, but as the promotional environment eases, you are going to see the dollar side on some of those categories continue as they have.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Can I ask about the cereal category in the U.K.? It's a little bit of a mystery to me what's going on over there. The pricing is obviously down heavily for the category year-on-year and volume seems to be extremely sluggish. Can you just give us a little bit more color on what you think is going on over there?
Ken Powell: I can give you I think a little bit of color. I think you have obviously a very challenging kind of macroeconomic environment in the U.K. And it's very difficult there right now, and I think U.K. retailers (in their state), that has lead to an intensely promotional environment across a lot of categories. And so I think that's what we are seeing right now. And as we move on to an economic recovery, albeit we think it will be slow, we think that those trends will moderate. But right now, it's just very promotional there across many categories. And we are feeling that. Although I would say, overall, for CPW and for our international businesses in total we're having quite good performance. We're feeling the promotional intensity on Cereal in the U.K. General Mills wholly on the International businesses in the U.K., are really doing quite well. Very good growth on Old El Paso, very good growth on Häagen-Dazs ice cream, and we are seeing those growth trends really across Europe. So U.K. is a standout with the promotional intensity right now, but overall for us, our International business is performing quite well right now. And the places where we really need to see that which is in our core global brands.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: And just a quick follow-up. Several companies have said that they are seeing a bit of light at the end of the tunnel on the Foodservice side here in the U.S., a bit of a pick-up into the restaurant's strengths. Are you seeing that as well, or is it still pretty dire?
Ken Powell: No, I would say that we would agree with that view. Our restaurant trends, we are still down a titch. Away from home trends, we are still down a little bit in the most recent period but we are talking tens of basis points now. So it's nearly flat in the most recent period, which obviously is not a strong tailwind but it's no longer a headwind either. And then on the convenience store side, which is an important channel for us, we are seeing quite a good pickup in trends there and that's a great channel for us. And we are gaining share strongly in that segment. So I would agree with what you're reading. We're going sideways now in the food service area, which is much better than the declines that we've been seeing over the last two years. Given the high unemployment in the U.S., I don't think it's likely that we would see a super strong acceleration in those trends, but it's again, good to see it moderate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: As you talked about your earnings expectations for the fiscal second half require pretty meaningful step-up as you go through the second half. And from John's comment, it seems like you certainly have a lot of visibility around the HMM and productivity side. And obviously pricing or net price realization becomes a little bit more of a factor to watch. Just I'm trying to get a sense of is what sort of net price realization are we looking for in the back half of the year? It was kind of flattish in the first quarter down to in the second. And I'm just trying to get a sense of, I guess, the magnitude on average of the sorts of pricing moves or promotional changes you've taken, as it relates to the overall portfolio on average. Is it dramatic in terms of what's needed to come and get there or is it just starting to move in a positive territory year-over-year?
Don Mulligan: It's clearly the latter. As we enter the year, we indicated that we would expect to see some promotional easing in the back half of the year. And our full year guidance on sales of low single digit is driven by volume mix and a little bit of pricing, and that still holds to your point, we're relatively flat or slightly down the first half. We'll have to get some back in the second half, but it's going to be measured in a 100 plus basis points and not multiples of that. You're going to see a moderate in the back half, a moderate increase in the back half.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: So hopefully in the back half, I guess that I'm reading it right, you see some positive year-over-year contributions from net price realization. But again, we're not looking for anything dramatic. It takes time for this to kind of work itself through would be my sense.
Don Mulligan: Correct. And to Ken's point, he was talking about the timing of when you'd see the pricing reflect. It is early to be starting in January and February. So it's going to be late third quarter and the fourth quarter, when you'll really start seeing it visibly.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: So volumes still then, I guess is expected to, and sort of need to still be in reasonably positive territory as well, right? To get the kind of full year top-line that you're looking for? And ultimately, I think they hit the kind of earnings goals that you're looking for as well, does that make sense and how do that take into effect, your thoughts on elasticity?
Don Mulligan: Well clearly we do factor in our elasticity expectations, and that it's going to be supported by the innovation. Ken took you through a bit of a snapshot in terms of what we're going to be launching in the second half. We are very bullish on that line. We have strong merchandising and marketing support for that. I think Ken alluded to that, but I think this would emphasize the fact that we had some shortages of shipping on our grain snack, which we required robustly, because it's a capacity constraints that have now been resolved, we're going to have the capacity to fully meet all demand for grain snacks. So that will be a plus in the second half as well versus the first half.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: And then just last quick thing Don. I know there were some heavier sort of CapEx spending in the fiscal first half of which some of those expenses flowed through that will be lighter in the fiscal second half, which also helps from a margin perspective. Is there anything we can helps us try to, if we're looking at puts and takes to the second half to get some comfort around gross margins improving way to quantify that or put that in perspective?
Don Mulligan: I think you're thinking about the second half gross margins were down 100 plus basis points in the first half, and you have to get obviously that plus some back in the second to get to neutral versus last year for the full year. That will give you some more components that are going to be contributing. One is the price realization we talked about earlier, which is going to become a positive in the second part of the year. We do have the expense timing in the capital projects. That's much smaller than the sales, if you measured in tens of basis points and not hundreds of basis points. We're going to be laughing in the third quarter, the $48 million charge we took for the change in the capitalization threshold for the spare parts, within the second half, that's going to be a 60 or 65 basis points plus. And then also a smaller contributor, but our transaction FX, plus that we said we'd come through in the year is more back half loaded. And all that obviously will also be supported by very robust HMM pipeline that John took us through. So there's a number of things that are going to improve our gross margin profile in the back half that we have clear line of sight on and gives us confidence to be able to commit to holding our gross margins for the full year versus last year's very robust gains.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe from Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: I want to ask, in the quarter, in particular in U.S. retail with the sort of negative 3% price mix, could you give a sense of how much mix was a factor in there? Is that something that worked against you in the quarter?
Don Mulligan: The primary contributor was the promotional and the merchandising activity. We are very planful in terms of the merchandising, whether it was the beginning Box Tops merchandising the beginning of the quarter, soup sampling last month. So the promotional and the merchandizing calendar was probably was the largest contributor. We also did have some negative mix, which was a little different in the first quarter. It goes back to my point on grain snacks where we had little less grain snacks growth in the second quarter versus the first, and a little more (bakey). And for us that's a bit of a negative trade off from a top-line standpoint.
Ken Powell: Chris, maybe it's repetitive, but what we did in Q2 was what planned to do. So we have a very powerful Box Tops merchandizing platform that's kind of back-to-school September, and that was a very effective program for us. We did have quite a bit of new product merchandizing. We did fairly extensive soup sampling campaign that was accompanied by merchandizing. And we definitely thought, that was the right thing to do to get people back into that category. So these were things that we wanted to do and plan to do. We think that they helped things. We also, as we have said though, expect these levels to moderate as we move into the second half.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: And I want to ask a question about, really more from a big picture standpoint kind of the state of the consumer and generally how that's affecting your pricing. Are you taking a more slower, a more methodical approach to pricing because of the state of the consumer today, I guess would be the general question.
Ken Powell: Well, the consumer does I think continue to be careful. And we see that in different kinds of behaviors, the way they plan in shopping less and use of couponing and these sorts of things. But I think the fundamental aspect of our business is that the grocery store is still a terrific place to find value. That remains very, very true. So as we take pricing, we always look at pricing in the larger context of all the activities that we have underway to help us grow our margins. And so pricing isn't the only thing that we do, as you know. And you heard us say that many, many times. But having said that we also monitor very closely the inflationary trends in our input markets. And we think that those inflation trends are telling us that we are going to need to have some pricing in certain categories and so we have announced those. But all-in-all, we manage it as a broad mix of activities. The goal is to continue to have strong margins, and we think we are in a very good position to do that now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I guess my first question, there is a slide that I guess, John, went to Page 31 that has to do with the long-term HMM savings. And I'm kind of wondering within the $4 billion of savings, what kind of like long-term inflation assumption is built into that?
John Church: Well within the HMM the standalone number that we look at, that would be an offset to the inflation in our total profitability. So the HMM numbers that I'm quoting have to do with our ability to continue to generate a pipeline, if you're referencing each dollar you save is inflated overtime. Our long-term model that we've talked about is a 4% to 5% kind of model. We think that's probably right. Clearly there is a bumpy ride. We saw deflation last year and previous to that we saw about 9% inflation. But over the course of this decade and we think that beyond as to next four to five years, we're going to see that 4% to 5%. And so we have factored that into our long-term estimates around HMM capture.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: So you're saying the 4% to 5% is the inflation assumption roughly. And so to kind of offset that, I guess most of the companies do it dollar for dollar. That's like 2% to 3% pricing to offset the four to five, if you just focus on the dollars and not the margin. So is that kind of how to think about how the models work in long-term. And then the differences, the other levers that you're going to pull to fund advertising and grow EBIT?
Ken Powell: Actually, I'll backup, if I understand your question. We expect input cost inflation all of them, so that's a combination of our commodity spend. But also all of the other things we incurred labor cost, benefit cost, our capital expenditures and the depreciation associated with that, and all of those kinds of logistics and fuel, that we expect on an average basis to go up 4% to 5%. The HMM dollars that you see is a long-term prediction, it's based on our ability to save. And there is a factor that would say if I save $1 million of wheat today and I expect that to inflate at 4% to 5% on an ongoing basis that will be worth more dollars in FY '20, because it will inflate. But that's all the cogs HMM slide is showing you as a savings slide.
Don Mulligan: If you go back to slide on Page 20 that showed all the leverage in HMM, with John, just alluding to was the cogs productivity portion of that. Yes, which is we said is the largest piece of the pie, but we also have mix management, admin, the consumer, others that we will pull to help offset that 4% to 5% inflation. And in those years, as John has alluded to, when we have particular spikes, all those activities will not be enough to offset inflation. That's when you'd see pricing come in. And so over the longer term, as you think about pricing, it is portion of, but a small portion of that low single-digit sales increase that we are targeting. I mean we always talk about, when we talk about our model of low single-digit sales gains, I mean we're always looking at that as being composed of some unit volume growth, some mix price increase and some mix improvement. So pricing is a factor, but it's not the only factor. And as we've said, its certainly not the only factor in how we manage our margins, it's really one of our long list of things that you guys are well acquainted with.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: And then I guess, regarding the advertising dollar or advertising percentage drop in the second quarter, and then I guess you said for the year, you're expecting it to also be down. I'm kind of wondering, you don't really tell us what the amount of promotion that you have between gross and net. But I'm just kind of wondering, given that you had such strong volume growth, even though advertising spending was down year-over-year, was there kind of like an equal kind of offset, if you look at promotional dollars?
Don Mulligan: I don't know if it was equal, Eric. Let me make a couple of comments. First of all our advertising last year through the first half was up nearly 30%. So we've had really very significant increases in advertising going back to last 4 or 5 years, and so we are lapping a very strong period. And we are going to be off a bit and half, and one will be off for the year a little bit. But we'll still be at very high levels. And now to your question, I think, given that we have been in a period of more intense merchandising and we think that this has been kind of appropriate remix. But as the promotional environment moderates us, we see a little pricing coming through. Our long-term goal would be to grow advertising in line with sales. And that's what we would expect to get back to. Also, I guess the only other comment I would make is that there are ways to increase efficiencies and make sure that that advertising spending is really going to the best places. We actually are going to have an increase in GRP delivery this year behind our U.S. brands. I believe it will be high single or even low-double digit. So there is very good advertising impact this year, and we made adjustments for the intense merchandizing environment which we think are appropriate, and as we have said which we also think we'll begin to see that merchandizing moderate.
Don Mulligan: Eric, what I would add is as we look at the full year, our total advertising spend would be a bit below last year. But it was extenuated in the second half just because of the accrual accounting for advertising. So when you make a change to your full year estimate, you have to do a year-to-date catch up. So last year in the second quarter, we increased our full year spending projections. And so we took an accrual catch-up which increased our expenses in the second quarter last year. This year, we are just at the opposite direction. And quite honestly, that explains the bulk of the shift between the two years. As Ken alluded to, the pressure in the market, which is more reflective of the actual cash at work, was up double digits in our U.S. GRPs.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Jonathan Feeney from Janney.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney: I was wondering just on holistic margin management, we did some work recently looking at a number of competitors, particularly in the cereal industry, who have significant cost savings. My question to you will be twofold. The first would be the kind of cost savings you are getting, could you explain in a little more detail where you think those cost savings sit competitively? Is everyone seeing the kind of holistic margin opportunity that come from factory efficiency and some of the great things you guys been working on? Can you get a sense of all your competitors, particularly the marginal competitors, have those similar benefits as we enter to 2011. Ken, this is probably specifically for you. I know you can't comment really on what anybody else is going to do. But can you get a sense from retailers, high level conversations you've had that they just expect the industry to become more efficient over time and that needs to be reflected in net pricing, or is there no such expectation of that?
Don Mulligan: As we look at our HMM portfolio and our track record of capturing those savings and being able to reinvest, I guess I don't have a great line of sight as to what someone else's opportunity is in the industry. I can just look at the gross margin performance and let that speak for itself. You can make those comparisons probably better than I. What I'll tell you is the nature of our savings is maybe different from what people expect. And as we first started talking about this, it became evident that there is this expectation that all of this productivity, if you will, leads to rationalization and plant closing and those kinds of things. And that is not our process. Our process is really starting at the core of how we define value and how we ensure that every dollar we invest in our brands in the form of formulation and in the form of manufacturing costs and in the form of marketing spending and promotional spending yields the optimal value. And we think that's what's hopefully driving a competitive advantage for us. And as we do the comparison, it looks like it is. I think that the benefit of this innovation process is you're not cutting and so your well doesn't go dry. As a matter of fact, as we continue to find a new stable and better platform, we see things we couldn't see before. And so that's why we have a high degree of confidence this will continue.
Ken Powell: Jonathan to you other question, which was addressed to me, I'd make a couple of points. First of all, we know that our retail partners monitor inflation as closely as we do. We also know that during the most recent really significant inflationary spike, they advanced prices on their own brands and in aggregate at a faster rate than we did, I think reflecting the fact that they have less margin to work with. And so they behaved or have behaved, and we think we will continue to have a very close eye on inflation. But the other answer to your question is that we actually work very closely with them to find areas or ways in the supply chain between particularly in the logistic area. So not only I think did they expect the industry to be working on productivity and to be working to do everything we can to offset inflationary increases. This in area where I think the industry, and by the industry I mean the manufactures and the retailers, have worked very closely together to take costs out of the supply chain. And frankly, as John touched on in his remarks, one of our HMM strategies is this kind of cooperative development with our retail partners to find costs that we can take out of the supply chain.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow from BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: There was one slide that you guys did between non-measured and measured channels. And it looks like you've outperformed about 2 to 3 percentage points. There are two categories that seemed to be extreme outliers. One was the cereal category. So my question on that is, is there a sense of why that was such a strong outperformance on the non-measured side? Is this sustainable? Is there going to be a reversion? Can you talk about that? That seemed relatively impressive. I'm reading it correctly. It sounds like measured channels was down 3% and the non-measured was up 4%.
Don Mulligan: I think what I would say is generally in aggregate, for us over a long period of time, we've seen our non-measured channels grow faster than the measured channels, and this is something that goes back for a while. Within that, in any given period, you could see some change. There can be some wobble and some change. But I think what I would take away from this is that our pattern of very, very strong development in those non-measured channels continues. And this period, we had a little bit of a bigger gap in cereal, but I would say that's a period-to-period thing. And overall, we expect growth in both channels, and we believe that non-measured will continue to be a real driver for us across all of our categories.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Would you use the same explanation on the flip side for the soup, because that's underperformed? I just was trying to figure out if there is a similar explanation for that one, or is there anything specific we should be seeing about that one, because that differential was negative 500 basis points?
Don Mulligan: I don't think there are much specifics there. In the quarter, we had a weaker period in the Club channel on soups. So you can get into channel-by-channel and account-by-account issues that can be related to a bunch of factors. I would I guess go back to the larger trend, which is in general this channel has been a good driver for us, and we expect it to continue to do that. There are always going to be variations during short periods of time not only within the broader measured and non-measured, but even from an account-to-account level.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Looking at your emerging markets' international margin structure, can you just talk about the progression of your margin structure in your emerging markets, China. Have you seen some turning points? Have you seen it getting closer to different levels? Can you just talk about it specifically, as you can? My sense is you'll give only general comments.
Ken Powell: Ken, we're very pleased with our margin progression in the emerging markets. And when you look at that, you really have to focus on your gross margins. What you'll see obviously in our International segment is the operating margin. And in a market like China, for example, as we prove up the concept with gross margin improvements and at acceptable levels, we very proactively reinvest back against the business to grow, and that's both in terms of the sales force and advertising. So we reinvest part of that plus back. So you don't see as much of it flow through to the operating margin, but our goal in a market like China or as CPW expands in Eastern Europe is to grow the entire business and not just the operating margin percentage in the near term.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: But have you seen progress on the gross margin side?
Ken Powell: Absolutely. It's one of the contributors to International's margin expansion and by extension the company's.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: You don't want to give any magnitudes of how much margin expansion you're seeing?
Ken Powell: No.
Kris Wenker: Thank you everybody. Give us a call if you've got questions.
Ken Powell: Have a great holiday, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you very much for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2011 Q1  (2010-09-22 08:30:00) =====
:
Executives: Kris Wenker - VP, IR Ken Powell - CEO Don Mulligan - CFO
Analysts: Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank David Driscoll - Citi Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research
Operator: Welcome to the General Mills first quarter fiscal '11 results conference call. [Operator instructions.] It's now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Ms. Kris Wenker, vice president, investor relations at General Mills. Please go ahead.
Kris Wenker: Thanks operator. Good morning everybody. While we were waiting for the call to start we decided we should say that the sun is shining, the Twins have clinched, and Joe Mauer's MRI has come back good, so it's good here in Minneapolis today.  I'm here with Ken Powell, our CEO, and Don Mulligan, our CFO. I'm going to turn the microphone over to them in just a minute, but first I've got to cover my usual housekeeping.  Our press release on first-quarter results was issues over the wire services earlier this morning. It's also posted on our website if you still need a copy. We've posted slides on the website too. They supplement our prepared remarks for this morning, and these remarks will include forward-looking statements based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates.  And with that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, starting with Don.
Don Mulligan: Thanks Kris. Let me add my congratulations to the Twins, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning.  You've seen from our financial results release this morning General Mills is off to a good start in fiscal 2011. Despite a very difficult comparison with our strong quarter a year ago, we delivered solid results in line with our expectations. We recorded another quarter of net sales growth, with volume gains across all three operating segments.  We continued to invest in our brands, with an 8% increase in advertising and ongoing product innovation. In total, these results have us on track to deliver our full-year sales and earnings targets for 2011.  Slide 5 summarizes our first quarter results. Net sales increased 1% on a reported basis. Segment operating profit declined 2% in the quarter, reflecting the increased advertising investment and higher input costs. Net earnings totaled $472 million, and diluted earnings per share increased to $0.70.  These results include a net increase related to mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions in grain inventories. That added $0.06 per shared earnings this quarter, compared to a $0.02 reduction in our earnings last year. Excluding mark-to-market impact from both years, diluted EPS was $0.64, matching strong year-ago performance. Slide 6 details our net sales performance by segment. U.S. retail posted another quarter of top-line growth. Net sales increased 2% on top of 6% growth in last year's first quarter. International sales were up slightly - less than 1% as reported - but excluding the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange, net sales increased 4%. Net sales in our bakeries and food service segment also grew slightly, despite continued weak industry trends. Ken will be discussing the performance drivers for each segment in more detail. Slide 7 shows the components of our total sales growth. Pound-volume contributed 2 points of sales growth in the quarter. Sales mix and net price realization were flat, and foreign exchange reduced the sales growth rate by 1 percentage point.  We generated solid volume trends in each of our business segments. U.S. retail volume increased 1% for the quarter, with growth in multiple businesses. Pound-volume for international was up 4%, with particularly strong performance in Europe and Asia. And in our bakeries and food service segment pound-volume increased 3%. That includes the loss of 2 points of growth from a divested product line.  Slide 9 outlines our first quarter gross margin performance over the last 3 years, which reflects the large swings in commodity markets over that time. You'll recall that on a reported basis our gross margin includes the changes in the market value of grain inventories and commodity hedges we will use in future periods. So we also provide our gross margin excluding these mark-to-market valuation changes to give you a sightline on cost of goods sold for the current quarter.  In the first quarter, reported gross margin was up, as rising input costs increased the market value of our commodity positions. Excluding these mark-to-market effects, our gross margin was 41.1%, down slightly from our strong performance a year ago, when we benefitted from lower input costs and particularly strong plant operating leverage. Note that our underlying gross margin is still well above the level from 2 years ago, and we still estimate full-year gross margin, excluding mark-to-market, will be comparable to last year's 39.7%. We continue to invest in our strong brands to drive top line growth. As I mentioned earlier, our investment in media and advertising increased 8% in this year's first quarter, and that's on top of double-digit increases in each of the last 2 years.  Slide 11 shows our segment operating profit for the quarter. Total segment profits declined slightly from strong year-ago levels. U.S. retail profit declined 3%, reflecting a 6% increase in media investment and higher input costs. International profits declined 1%, reflecting a 17% increase in media investment, and bakeries and food service profit increased 11% for the quarter, primarily due to good volume growth. After-tax earnings from joint ventures increased 9% to $26 million for the quarter, including favorable foreign exchange effects. On a constant currency basis, CPW sales were up 3% in the quarter, led by growth from Cheerios, Nesquik, Fitness, and [unintelligible] brands. Constant currency sales for our Haagen-Dazs joint venture in Japan were down, reflecting the challenging economic environment in that market.  Completing our review of the income statement, you'll see that interest expense declined 2% in the quarter. This is a reflection of a reduction in our average debt level. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 33.3%, 50 basis points below the same period a year ago. Excluding mark-to-market effect, this quarter's tax rate was 32.8%. For the full year we still expect our effective tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability, will be comparable to our 2010 rate of 33.4%. The average number of diluted shares outstanding was essentially unchanged for the quarter. But we did buy more than 21 million shares, so we are well on our way to our target of reducing net shares outstanding by 2% for the year. Switching to the balance sheet, core working capital declined 2% in the quarter, as receivables inventories grew roughly in line with sales and payables increased due to higher grain prices. We also returned significant cash to shareholders in the quarter through share repurchases and we paid dividends of about $184 million, an 18% increase over the prior year. Let me wrap up with a review of our 2011 guidance. We still expect to deliver low-single-digit growth in net sales, in line with our long term goals, and mid-single-digit growth in segment operating profits, despite renewed input cost inflation.  We will continue to build our brands, with strong levels of ongoing innovation and advertising support. We expect to grow earnings at a high-single-digit rate, and reach $2.46 to $2.48 per share, before any mark-to-market effects. In addition, we are now targeting modest improvement in return on capital from our 2010 base of 13.8%.  Back in June, we told you our 2011 return on capital would be comparable to last year's strong performance. However, our good cash position allowed us to repurchase more shares in the first quarter than originally planned, resulting in a modest increase in our return on capital guidance. We remain on track to our goal of 15% return on capital by 2015.  With that, I'll turn the microphone over to Ken for review of our segment operating performance. Ken?
Ken Powell: Okay, well good morning everybody. Thanks Don. Now as everybody knows, economic conditions remain relatively weak, and consumer confidence is still pretty low, so it is a challenging time. But as we've said before, it's still a great time to be in the food business. Consumers are looking for value and food at home meets that need.  So our brands continue to grow around the world. And while June and July were fairly soft months in a number of categories, August trends picked up a bit. In terms of General Mills results, we're anticipating that our near-term financial performance will continue tracking in line with year-ago levels. And we expect sales and earnings trends will pick up at a measured pace as our fiscal year unfolds. As Don just shared with you, we're pleased with our results for the first quarter, and we feel good about the outlook for our businesses in 2011. And with the rest of our time today, I'd like to share a brief operating update for each of our business segments. I'll start with U.S. retail, where we're seeing growth on top of good prior year growth. Net sales increased 2% for this segment in the first quarter on top of 6% sales growth in the year-ago period, and 12% growth the year before that. Our growth was broad-based, with increases in most of our divisions. Volume contributed 1 point of growth, and pricing mix was favorable in the quarter.  Big G continues to lead cereal category growth. Share is up for the latest 12 months and the latest quarter. First quarter growth was led by double-digit increases in retail sales for Multigrain Cheerios, continued good gains for the Fiber One franchise, and Cinnamon Toast Crunch and sales of new Chocolate Cheerios and Wheaties Fuel. Now I know the big question about the categories has been merchandising levels. Merchandising activity increased in the quarter, yet incremental sales and overall volumes were fairly soft. We think this category performance is due in large part to a shift in merchandising support and in particular display support to smaller brands during this period.  Shared display support was down 4 points in the first quarter for us and Kellogg's and was up for the other players in the category. Promoting smaller brands results in fewer incremental sales for the category overall. This increase in promotion against smaller brands, combined with the effects of a competitor's recall, significantly impacted category growth during the first quarter. Big G's merchandising in August was quite good, as we planned, with back to school events around our Box Tops for Education program. We'll benefit from Box Tops in September as well, and we're expecting good growth on our core brands during the second quarter. And we've got strong, established, and new item innovation planned for the second half, so we're expecting another year of good growth for Big G in 2011. Now let's move to the soup aisle. Ready-to-serve soup sales declined in the first quarter, but we saw improving trends in August, which is encouraging as we head into soup season. We're working to restore growth for Progresso this year by advertising the positive benefits of soup, working with our retail partners to improve the productivity of the shelf, and introducing new varieties. I shared an update on these efforts a few weeks ago at an industry conference. I don't have a lot of additional data today, but I can give you an update on our distribution efforts. Our "fix the shelf" message has been very well received with retailers and has resulted in increases in the number of Progresso items in distribution so far at 13 of our top 20 accounts, representing more than 60% of our business.  Retailers are still in the process of resetting their shelves, so it's too soon to see these increases reflected in Nielsen data, but we're encouraged by the August trends and early reads on our advertising and Box Top-driven merchandising performance.  And we have a strong lineup of merchandising and marketing activities planned for October. We're committed to leading growth in all of our U.S. retailer categories. The way to drive growth is to innovate, and we've got a great lineup of new items in market right now, and we're beginning to see sales trends accelerate in a number of our categories, which bodes well for continued growth. Retail sales of Yoplait yogurt have accelerated in recent months. Sales grew 5% in August, driven by good growth on core items like Yoplait Light, Go-gurt, and Fridge Pack. New items like Yoplait Splits, which builds on the very successful indulgent platform we launched last year with Delights, and Yoplait Greek Style yogurt are also contributing to this good sales growth.  Our grain snacks business continues to grow at very solid rates. Retail sales were up 7% in the first quarter in Nielsen-measured outlets, leading to continued share growth. Sales increased at an even stronger rate in non-measured channels.  We expect this good growth to continue, driven by some great new items. Consumers love our new Fiber One 90-calorie bars, Nature Valley Granola Thins, and Golden Graham Treat Bars, and frankly we're struggling to keep up with very high demand for these new items. Pillsbury is the market share leader in refrigerated baked goods, with two thirds of category sales. We're lapping a period of very high share growth last year, when our share increased by 4 points, and this was driven by strong Pillsbury refrigerated cookies sales while a competitor was off the shelf due to a product recall. Last year's results also included sales from our Perfect Portions line, which we exited last year. So we've faced some tough comparisons in what is a relatively small quarter for this business. As we head into the fall, marketing and merchandising support for refrigerated baked goods are just now picking up. And new Pillsbury Sweet Moments, which launched in July, should contribute to sales growth. These refrigerated desserts are ultra-convenient and they really taste great. We've had terrific response from retailers and are on track to deliver year-one retail sales of more than $50 million across all channels. Refrigerated desserts are a very big category in Europe, with sales of just over $1.5 [billion] in the U.K. for example. We see tremendous opportunity to build this category here in the U.S. as well. Innovation is also driving great growth in the freezer case. Yoplait Smoothie is very easy to prepare. You just add milk and blend. We've quickly gained strong national distribution and are projecting sales of $70 million in fiscal 2011 across all channels. New Healthy Colors varieties contributed to 6% retail sales growth for Green Giant frozen vegetables in the first quarter.  And we continue to see good growth in frozen entrees, a relatively new category for us. We expanded our Wanchai Ferry offerings this year, adding 3 new flavors to that line. And we extended our frozen entrée offerings to Italian flavors, introducing 4 new Macaroni Grill varieties. Retail sales for these frozen entrees totaled more than $60 million over the last 12 months, and we expect them to continue to grow at strong double-digit pace. Growth is ticking up in our organic and natural categories as well. Retail sales for our categories strengthened in the second half of 2010 and were up 6% in the first quarter of this year. And sales for our products have been even stronger, including double-digit gains across a number of our Cascadian Farm and Muir Glen product lines. Sales for Lara Bar fruit and nut bars increased more than 80%, as we've increased our presence in traditional retail outlets. We've also added several new Lara Bar flavors this year, and they're off to a great start. So we're encouraged by the strengthening sales trends we're seeing across a number of categories, and we remain committed to leading category growth through innovation. New products aren't the only way to innovate, and we're working to drive growth by innovating across all aspects of our business. We're enhancing our sales capabilities and finding new ways to partner with our customers. We're creating value through HMM, generating the fuel to increase our marketing efforts and reach consumers in new ways. We're committed to driving growth for our categories and our leading brands. U.S. retail is off to a good start, and is on track to deliver another year of quality growth in 2011.  Let me shift gears to bakeries and food service. Our businesses continue to outperform weak food service industry trends. Our sales to food service distributors increased 1% in the first quarter, driven by our strong presence in the education channel with products like Mini Pancakes and Yoplait Parfait Pro, which is a convenient way for operators to make yogurt and granola parfaits.  Convenience store sales were up 15%, driven by continued distribution gains and good new-item performance. We saw strong growth on our key consumer-branded items too, with double-digit increases on snacks and yogurt.  The way we win in this segment is very similar to our approach in U.S. retail. We partner with distributors and convenience store operators, bringing them capabilities to drive growth for their categories, and we innovate. Our direct sales force is an important strategic advantage for us in this area. They help us work with food service distributors to improve their product offerings and streamline preparation with items like the new Mini Blueberry Biscuit for Burger King's breakfast menu, announced earlier this month. And they enable us to quickly get new items on shelf in convenience stores, like the Wheaties Fuel bars and Chex Mix Muddy Buddies snacks we launched this summer. Our focused mix-management strategy is working well, contributing to a 170 basis point improvement in operating margin for bakeries and food service in the quarter. For the year in total, we're not counting on holding all of last year's big gains, but we're still targeting a strong, double-digit margin. We're outperforming industry trends in this very challenging food service environment, and we're on track to deliver good performance in 2011.  Now let's move outside the U.S. First quarter sales for our international segment grew 4% on a constant-currency basis. Constant-currency sales in Canada were down 1%, reflecting a challenging comparison to 12% growth in the year-ago period and a competitive retail environment. But our cereal sales in Canada were strong, behind the successful launch of several new items resulting in continued market share increases in the quarter. Sales in Latin America increased 4%, led by good growth in developing markets and price increases in Argentina and Venezuela. Sales in Asia-Pacific increased 7% and constant-currency sales in Europe were up 6%. That's a good start to the year for Europe, where the economic conditions have been tough. It's too early to declare economic victory.  We are starting to see some encouraging signs in a few markets, particularly France, which led our growth in the first quarter. Constant-currency sales in the U.K. grew at a mid-single-digit pace, driven by double-digit growth on grain snacks. And sales in Germany and the Middle East and North Africa regions were strong as well. In terms of product platforms, Haagen-Dazs stood out with sales increasing at a high-single-digit rate during the quarter. Haagen-Dazs sales were up in China too, with good shop traffic in Shanghai, due in part to the World Expo there. Early sales of Haagen-Dazs moon cakes, a popular gift given to celebrate the mid-autumn festival, have been strong.  Wanchai Ferry sales continue to grow as well, as we expand our frozen dumpling distribution to new cities and add new products like the frozen noodle line we introduced this year. In total, constant currency sales for greater China increased at a double-digit rate in the quarter, driving strong emerging market growth for General Mills. New products are fueling international sales too. We recently launched Nature Valley in Australia, and it contributed nicely to first-quarter sales there. And we added Banana Nut Cheerios to the cereal portfolio in Canada, and that's been selling well.  I mentioned that Wanchai Ferry has added a new segment with the introduction of frozen noodles, expanding our presence in the rapidly growing frozen food category in China. And we've introduced a number of new items in European markets, like Crunchy and More Nature Valley bars in the U.K. These bars include fruit pieces and are contributing to the strong grain snacks growth I mentioned earlier. Our international business is off to a good start this year, and we're beginning to see improving consumer trends in some markets. We have tremendous potential in international markets, and we're on track to deliver mid-single-digit constant-currency sales growth in 2011. We expect our global platforms to be a driving force behind company sales and profit growth in the years to come. So, with our first quarter in the record books, I characterize our fundamental expectations for fiscal 2011 as unchanged. After a brief interlude of deflation in fiscal 2010, we're seeing input costs inflation return. We're still assuming 4-5% inflation for the year, and we're about 65% covered on our commodity and energy needs for fiscal 2011.  We have good HMM activities in place to help offset these rising input costs. We continue to believe renewed, moderate levels of inflation for the industry will gradually result in improved sales trends in our categories as promotion levels will likely ease in response to renewed cost pressure. We see this as a relatively slow evolution in industry trends, with sales and earnings growth accelerating at a measured pace as the year progresses. In summary, the global operating environment is still quite challenging, but our food businesses are resilient and continue to demonstrate high-quality growth. We're pleased with the continued growth in volume and net sales across our worldwide businesses. Consumer demand for our established brands remains strong, and new products are making good contributions to our sales results. This top line resilience, coupled with our continuing focus on holistic margin management, has us on track to deliver our sales and earnings targets for 2011. So now we'd be very happy to answer some of your questions. Operator, could you please get us going?
Operator: Absolutely sir. [Operator instructions.] And our first question comes from the line of Terry Bivens from JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan: Ken, two things on the cereal business. As we look at it, granted this is Nielsen data, but it does seem of late that General Mills has been doing more promotion than some of the competitors there, and I guess my question is is this kind of tactical? Is it a combination of Box Tops for Education plus some support behind your new Wheaties and Cheerios brands? Or hopefully it's not something sustainable. It sounds like you don't see that. So that would be my first question.
Ken Powell: Okay, let me take your first one first. Terry, we did have a very effective Box Tops promotion event at the end of the quarter there in August. Box Tops is a terrific platform. It wasn't just on cereal, it was across many of our brands because that's a cross-category vehicle for us as you know. And retailers love it, because not only are consumers clipping these box top coupons but many of our retailers are able to tie in with their local schools as part of this event. So it's really a terrific event and it resulted in very high quality merchandising for us. And by that I mean retailers really like to display these items. So that's what you saw at the end of that quarter, and Box Tops is a great platform. We'll continue to use that program that we've developed internally here over the last 10 years. But fundamentally, our outlook for Big G rests on the fact that our core brands continue to be strong. We have very good marketing programs across the top brands, and we think that will drive steady gains. And we have a couple more new products that we think will be very good, that we'll be launching here in the third quarter. So we're quite optimistic about the outlook for Big G cereals here as we go forward into this year.
Terry Bivens: Okay, and just a quick follow. You mentioned that there was more promotion of some of the smaller brands. We also see some trends that some of the more profitable cereals for both yourself and Kellogg's seem to be among those languishing on a brand-level analysis. Is that something we should be concerned about going forward? Have you detected any kind of downshift and I guess a shift into cheaper, less-profitable cereals across the category?
Ken Powell: Well, what we've seen, Terry, is across a couple of categories is what you pointed out, which is there was unusually heavy level of promotional support behind third and fourth brands in a number of categories this summer, and I think the results are apparent. The lifts that our retailers would have gotten from that activity would have been similar to what you get on another brand, but off a base that is much smaller. And so I think the lesson there is you just can't drive the category with those smaller brands. And so as we look forward to our marketing and merchandising program here over the next couple quarters, we're very confident that you'll see very good levels of support behind our high-turning key brands.
Operator: Thank you for your question sir. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe from Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Just had a couple questions for you. First, Don, I was wondering, within international, I know that you are anticipating a bit of a profit benefit from FX for the year. Was that positive on the profit line for international this quarter?
Don Mulligan: Actually if you look at translation and transaction for the quarter, it was essentially neutral across our business. It was actually about a $0.03 drag in last year's first quarter, because of the transaction impact, primarily. But this year it was about flat for the quarter. And as we look at the full year, as we guided in July we still expect a $0.02 to $0.03 favorability for the year.
Chris Growe: And then I wanted to ask about your U.S. retail division. I was surprised by the positive price mix in the quarter. I imagine that mix was positive. If you could confirm that? And then I just want to get a better feel for if it's really that promotional out there as we've heard from others. I would have thought you'd see more promotional spending out of General Mills this quarter. I'm just trying to put that together with what I hear from other companies. Do you have any comments on that Ken or Don?
Don Mulligan: I'll take this one. You see from the sales mix we did have a positive mix on the top line. As we look at our gross margin we didn't see a drag from mix. We saw a slight positive from mix and our gross margin as well. I think that somewhat addresses Terry's question as well in terms of as the retailers actions from a promotional standpoint caused a drag to us. And if you look at our total gross margin mix the answer would be no.
Chris Growe: Okay. And then can you give a feel for how much your promotional spending would have been up in the quarter in the U.S. retail division?
Don Mulligan: On a cost-per-case basis for us last year, we were probably up $0.05, but actually we were down sequentially from Q4 of F10. 
Chris Growe: Okay. And I had one last question, just in relation to bakery and food service. With the wheat price volatility I'm just curious how that plays into your outlook for that division for the year - for the milling business. Is that as some would argue a positive for that division, just given the volatility in that business?
Don Mulligan: You know, Chris, as we closed the first quarter we didn't see any significant difference in what we call our grain merchandising earnings from previous year. We feel good certainly about how the segment performed in the quarter in total. But as we look at the full-year outlook it remains as it was at the beginning of the year.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman, from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I guess maybe kind of following on to Chris' question a little bit more on the gross margin. So it's down 70-80 basis points but you had positive mix which I guess isn't surprising given the high margin Big G snacks and yogurt businesses were up. So what else was working against the gross margin other than year-ago? Was it all inflation versus HMM? And maybe you could break that out a little bit.
Don Mulligan: It's a good question. You know, we're obviously, last year, lapping substantial gross margin expansion with 500 basis points. And we are starting to see input cost inflation returning. And plus, as I mentioned in the July meeting, as we put additional growth capital in place we are incurring certain project expenses related to those projects. And those tend to be front-loaded because we have those capacity projects already underway. So that will be a bit more of a drag in the first half than you'll see in the second half. From an HMM standpoint, very robust, remains on track to the levels we indicated in July. There could be some timing between inflation and HMM in any given quarter, but at a four-year basis we still feel very good about our HMM pipeline and where we're tracking. I did mention that mix was probably a slight favorable for the quarter as well. So as you add it all up there's going to be some movement quarter to quarter. In the first quarter what I'd highlight again the return of inflation, some of the project expenses, and some of the operating leverage that we touched on as well. But when we look at the full year, we still remain very confident that we'll be able to deliver the 39.7% that we had last year.
Eric Katzman: Okay, and then I guess two questions for Ken if I can do that. I guess one, Ken, it continues to be almost - comment on this - a bifurcated market out there. Your Small Planet foods, which I assume is much higher price per unit, was up very strongly, but the mass market brands for across the industry are struggling. So maybe you could comment a little about what you see there. And then I just have one followup.
Ken Powell: We're seeing what you're seeing. We're seeing - first of all it looks like the trends are improving across a number of categories. We are seeing a number of them that have been growing and so the category for frozen entrees is up, yogurt category growing very strongly, snacks growing strongly, the organic category, which you pointed out, after it being dead in its tracks in the early part of the recession, coming back strongly now. And so it is a mixed bag right now, but I guess what I would say generally is that it looks to us like the categories are starting to all move in a good direction. As we said, we saw our soup business started to pick up a little bit towards the end of the quarter. So our outlook is that as we move into the end of summer and fall and all of our programs go into play we'll see those categories continue to improve.
Don Mulligan: What I would add is - I think what we've seen is if you bring meaningful benefit to the consumer, and you support your brand, you're going to see growth across your categories. Yoplait, or yogurt, is a good example, where we've seen the Greek segment, which is certainly a higher-priced item, drive growth, both for the segment and for us as well. So there's certainly still some choppiness and some concern about consumer confidence, but what we've seen is that that mass market is still there if you bring the right benefit and you support them correctly.
Eric Katzman: And then kind of following up on your comment about the retailers' willingness to push some of the smaller tertiary brands. I guess it was in cereal and other categories. That kind of flies against a bit of logic and I know you had us to headquarters and we were taken into this room with this giant virtual reality computer screen, and talking about how you were able to show the benefits on shelf. Are the retailers just struggling so much that they're willing to take a short-team deal and ignore the technology and analysis of the category that you bring to the table? It just seems like a strange development that the retailers would go with the smaller brands.
Ken Powell: Well, I think that you make a lot of good points there and I think that - and I don't want to speculate on how they think about their tactics at any given point in time, but I will tell you that we're out there telling our story and with our facts very very clearly about the power of those big brands in categories to really drive traffic into their stores and to drive category momentum, and we're pretty confident that you're going to see those big category moving brands accelerate here as we move into the year.
Operator: And thank you for your question sir. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll from Citi. Please proceed with your question.
David Driscoll - Citi: Wanted just to follow up on the gross margin question, Don. So what you were saying right there was that we are going to see HMM is back-end loaded, so with margins down in the quarter the reason why you can call out flat margins on the year is because of an acceleration in HMM in the final two quarters? Is that the right way to look at it? 
Don Mulligan: I wouldn't read that much into it. I'm just saying that you're not always going to have a perfect match between inflation and HMM in any given quarter. I wouldn't say HMM is specifically back-loaded. I think the unique thing in the early part of the year that you see in the first quarter in particular is the timing of our project expenses related to capital and capacity expansions, which are front-loaded. And then in the first quarter we had particularly strong operating leverage last year and so we rolled over that as well. And that's again more of a single-quarter issue.
David Driscoll: Ken, one question for you on pricing and your methodology overall. General Mills has, I think, pretty much convinced us that they have a wonderful holistic margin management program to produce cost savings that would be at the top end of the peer group. Would the plan then be, with 5% inflation, that simply if you can absorb it given your excellent levels of HMM you would absorb it and you would not try to seek price increases? Or conversely would the philosophy be you should price when and if you can price for the category strength that you have? So if you can see the nuances here, one would say you go with the strength of your categories. The other would say, no, if you have HMM just use it up and allow the inflation to not pass on to the consumer. What's the right way to look at General Mills?
Ken Powell: Well there a couple of ways to look at it. First of all, HMM stands for "holistic" margin management, which is a complete approach to margin management, but our goal with that program was to create a number of tools that we could use to help us manage margin growth over time, including all the things that you're very well aware of that we do in our plants, and in our supply chain. But also mix has been a huge driver of margin management over the last several years - the efficiency with which we execute our merchandising programs. We want to hold those case rates as close as comparable year to year and we do that by really evaluating every promotion that we do and make sure that the tactics we use are very efficient. But list price increases are also part of that, and always have been. So we haven't taken that particular tool out of the tool box. It's still there. Our view is that as we see - our belief as you know is that we're going to see inflation here at 4-5% a year. We think that's what we should expect on an ongoing basis in a normal year, and in that kind of a year our goal would be to offset much or most of that with HMM or other techniques, but we would also be very confident in that kind of environment that we could take some pricing to get all the way to [bright] and frankly, we've been able to do that going back decades. And we think we're moving into that kind of environment where HMM, and a little mix, and efficiency all over, and a little bit of pricing, and you get to where you need to be.
David Driscoll: Have you engaged in any conversations with the retailers about price increase announcements given the inflation?
Ken Powell: No. And this is not the kind of thing we'd be discussing with you. As you know we never talk about pricing prospectively.
David Driscoll: I figured if it was already within the retail trade you might be willing to say it, but I appreciate that comment.
Operator: Thank you sir, for your question. Continuing on, our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley Smith Barney. Please proceed with your question.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Smith Barney: Could you talk a little bit about the shelf space gains in soup and maybe in particular where you're sourcing it from? Is it the smaller brands? Is it the larger brands? Is it from the convenience or microwavable items? What are you seeing?
Ken Powell: So Vincent, thank you for that question. And really, our analysis was that as we looked at the category really the top turning higher-margin SKUs on the shelf - from all manufacturers - really the taste-oriented items. In our line that would be products like our Rich and Hearty line, our Vegetable Classics, and these really tend to be in the top third or the top quarter. But they had been squeezed a little bit over the last two or three years by a proliferation of health varieties from many manufacturers. And those varieties are also very important. For instance, our Progresso Light soups have been a tremendous contributor. But we just went and looked at the data and went in and shared that with our retail partners and said look, we think we're a little bit out of balance here and we ought to make sure that we've got the very top-turning items in a good place on the shelf. And they very much agreed with that point of view, and so we've reset things and we've got, as we pointed out in the presentation, a number of our taste top-turning SKUs in the mix here, and we think that will be positive for the category. We don't really know how it will shake out in terms of whether they expand it or where it comes from, but what we do know is that they like the idea of really returning the category to appropriate focus on taste SKUs.
Don Mulligan: And Mitch, the only thing I'd add - in terms of soups it was in our set, the microwave soup, for the ones that came out. And then the retailers looked at their slower-turning and I think we've shown you statistics before about where Progresso sits in that, and we tend to have a higher portion of the higher-turning SKUs. And so the combination of those two things is what gives us confidence. Not only are we getting more distribution but it's a healthier shelf set overall for the category.
Vincent Andrews: Okay, and if I could just ask a quick followup it would be on pantry loading. And maybe I'm thinking more specifically the soup, but maybe if you have comments broadly across the store that would be helpful too. With the trends in June and July of being weak, and then a pickup in August, and we keep hearing anecdotal reports about how the consumer's doing another de-load at home. And some companies have commented on it. Are you seeing that? And is there any risk that the pickup in August was just a reflection of draw-downs in June and July and then a slight refill in August but that it's not going to be sustainable?
Ken Powell: The most concrete thing, where there's data that we can all look at and evaluate for June, July, and August has to do with this merchandising comment that we've made to you coupled with some other things in selected categories and we've already commented about a significant recall in the cereal category, which clearly had an impact on the category in July. So since you're talking about data and information, that's what we can support. We also hear anecdotes about pantry loading or de-loading, but we can't really tie it back to very solid data, and so if we could we would, and if we ever do have it we will share it with you, but we're focusing right now on the things that we can see.
Operator: Thank you sir. And continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Kenneth Zaslow from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Over the last 12 months, General Mills has gained market share and momentum in the mass merchandizer channel. I know there's been a shift in consumers going to mass merchandizers. Can you talk about where you see those trends going during this quarter? And are you still seeing market share gains in those channels? And if you could just give some anecdotal evidence?
Ken Powell: As you may have pointed out in your question there's been a gradual shift over many years to mass channels, whether it's super stores or club stores. Those have been growing segments and we would expect to see that continue going forward, although at a moderated rate. But we think that's going to continue and we've had a high focus on those channels and have done well there. So that continues to be an area of focus and opportunity and not just super stores, which are obviously important to us, but club stores have been an exciting growth area for the industry. Dollar stores have been very very high growth for the industry. You see more and more seniors buying their food in pharmacies, the big mass pharmacy chains. And so there's a lot of opportunity there. And we also talk about C stores, which slowed down in the recession, but we're now starting to see some growth in convenience stores. So our objective here is to bring the right kind of resources and the right focus and innovation to all of these, all of our channels. And that's served us very very well and has resulted in good growth for us in many of these emerging channels.
Kenneth Zaslow: Have you continued, though, to gain market share in these channels? Because I think there was a point in time that it was pretty obvious, I think last year, that you did gain share, and I'm just confirming that.
Ken Powell: We had good share gains there in our first quarter.
Don Mulligan: Based on the best data we have, we can see two things. One is the non-measured channels growing significantly faster than the measured channels. And then second is gaining share in those non-measured channels. Whereas if you look at the all-channels, if you will, the all-universe, we're confident we actually gained share overall. We lost it in the Nielsen but we picked it up in the non-measured channels.
Operator: Thanks for your question sir. Continuing on, our next question comes the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Just have a couple questions. Ken, I remember I think last year, there was a slide that you guys put up that showed that you were under-indexed in cereal in terms of distribution points compared to where you thought you should be. And I wanted to know if you can give us an update on if you're getting more share of the shelf, especially since Kellogg's has really gone through another round of rationalization at the shelf. And I wondered if you got the benefit of that. And then secondarily, I wanted a little more color on your comment about how you expect higher promotional price points to be gradual and track on commodity costs going up. You did make a point to emphasize gradual, which I think is probably the right thing to do. Given the resets at retail, how long do you think it takes before certain categories you start to see higher price points Could we see it as soon as March, or June, or what do you think by gradual?
Ken Powell: Okay Rob, let me answer the first question first, and I do remember sharing - I think Ian Friendly shared that data with you a year ago, and this is good data that we have on our channels that shows that our Big G cereals are - versus their market share - are quite a bit under-indexed in terms of share of distribution on the shelf. And we think that's very accurate data, and what happens when you have that situation is - I think it can result in higher out-of-stocks than you ought to have, because you don't have the sort of staying power on the shelf, and loss of important sales to our regional partners. And so as we've been out there telling that story - and bringing good new products and with the strength of our brands, it's been very persuasive and we're gaining distribution. And there's quite a bit more to gain there. I don't remember how big the gap was, but it was significant. And my colleagues are giving me a piece of paper here that says our share of shelf was up again in the first quarter, so we continue to make good progress on that. And we think it's good for us, but we also think it's good for our retailers because it's just more holding power for them and fewer lost sales.  In terms of my comment on gradual, I think it says, very broadly speaking, from an economic point of view we know that inflation is here. It's back, and it's going to be 4% or 5% for us this year, and I think you're probably hearing similar numbers from most everybody else. And I think that we're rational in that as those signals are picked up and absorbed the tendency will be to find ways to absorb that, and we strongly believe that one of those will be a moderation in the merchandizing environment. And so when it happens is difficult to predict. I think you all know that retail execution calendars around promotion takes a while. It can take six, eight months before they move from one planning cycle to another. So it can take some time, but we believe gradually you're going to see a moderation. Wish I could give you more details, but we'll see it happen gradually over time is the best we can do.
Robert Moskow: A follow up for Don? Four to five percent inflation, no change in your outlook, but corn is up 75% since you last gave the outlook and wheat's up even more. Your name is General Mills, so is it just hedging that was good? Or you're not seeing that type of price inflation when you really look at the commodities that you buy?
Don Mulligan: Well, I think a couple things to keep in mind. First off, grains are less than 10% of our total spend, so our name may be General Mills, but we're not all grain-based. With that said, we have seen a mix. We are 65% hedged as Ken alluded to, so that's going to see us through some of those near-term spikes, and we've seen some things come down too. Resin packaging for example is probably down a bit from what we had originally planned, so we see some offsets and it keeps us in that same 4% to 5% mix that we saw that we guided to in July. So we haven't changed that number in total.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. A couple of questions. First, on the cereal side you talked about Big G net sales being up 4% in the quarter. If I look at the measured channel data the category itself is still trending down about 4% to 5% so even if we assume that you guys are gaining share, it seems like there's a pretty big gap between, at least in the measured channel data, what the category's doing and then what you guys are doing - what you guys reported in terms of net sales. So is it just in the unmeasured channel you're doing that much better? Is there some discrepancy between your shipments and what the retail takeaway number is for you guys is my first question?
Ken Powell: Well Judy, you kind of answered your own question. We're doing well in Nielsen-measured channels and we're doing very well in the other channels. So there's good correlation between our consumer sales and our net sales. We did very well in channels this quarter.
Don Mulligan: And Judy I mentioned earlier that we had some market share gains in the non-measured channels that more than offset the share loss in the Nielsen's. That was particularly so in Big G. We had a particularly strong quarter in Big G in the non-measured channels in share gains. And so that's what's helping drive our shipment numbers for the quarter.
Judy Hong: So do you have a sense of what the cereal category as a whole is doing if you kind of look at the all-channel data?
Don Mulligan: For the all-channel, we still see some negative trends in cereal and it's for the reasons that Ken took us through in terms of the promotional calendar and the stronger promotion behind the third and fourth brands. And the competitive recall as well. We talked about both those items.
Judy Hong: And then Don, just in terms of your guidance, obviously you've called out the first half being more subdued as you look out for the balance of the fiscal year '11. And it seems like you are expecting a pretty nice acceleration in the back half. So I know the comparisons are easier from a margin perspective. Are there any other factors that you think are going to drive that acceleration in the back half of the year from an earnings perspective?
Don Mulligan: You know, Judy, we came into the year knowing that the early portion would be a challenge. We're seeing renewed inflation, we're seeing slower economic growth in the developed markets, but you hit the most important factor, which is we faced our own tough comps. We're pleased where Q1 came in. It came in as we expected, and approximately as we communicated to you in July. But as we look forward those tough comps will continue, so we do expect our financial results to track more in line with last year's results in the near term with the full year still very much on the mark to what we had communicated. So part of it is going to be rolling over the comps and part of it, again as we communicated in July, is our expectation that with inflation returning we will see some easing on the promotional side as our fiscal year unfolds.
Operator: And thank you for your question. Our final question for today's call comes from the line of Robert Dickerson from Consumer Edge Research. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research: I just had an easy question. I just saw in Q1 the amount that you reported in joint ventures from Haagen-Dazs and CPW was off by what your analyst base said you expected it down for the year. I just wanted to confirm that you still expect it down for the year and that nothing's changed?
Don Mulligan: Yes, obviously we're very pleased with how the joint ventures have started our fiscal year, but we don't have any change in our guidance for the full year.
Operator: Thank you. We'll turn it back to our moderators for their concluding remarks.
Kris Wenker: I don't have a concluding remark other than if there were questions out there we didn't get to please give me a call and try and get an answer. Thanks very much.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-06-29 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Kris Wenker - VP, IR Don Mulligan - CFO
Analysts: David Palmer - UBS Terry Bivens - JPMorgan Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Kenneth Zaslow - BMO David Driscoll - Citi Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Bryan Spillane - Bank of America
Operator: Welcome to the General Mills F10Q4 and full year results conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Ms. Kris Wenker, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Kris Wenker: Good afternoon everybody. I’m here with Don Mulligan, our CFO, and he’s going to discuss our fourth quarter and full year fiscal '10 results and then cover the key financial targets and assumptions for fiscal '11. We hope you'll join us on Thursday as well; that's when Don, Ken Powell and our other senior leaders will provide a detailed review of our 2011 plan. That webcast will start Thursday morning at 7.45 Central, so 8.45 Eastern. Our press release on fiscal 2010 results was issued over the wire services about a half hour ago. It's also posted on our website if you still need a copy. We've put flags out on the web; they supplement Don's prepared remarks for today. And I'll remind you, those remarks include forward-looking statements based on management’s current views and assumptions. The second slide lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. And with that I’ll turn you over to Don.
Don Mulligan: Thanks, Kris, and hello everyone. Thanks for your interest in General Mills and for joining us this afternoon. Fiscal 2010 was a terrific year for us. We delivered high quality sales and earnings growth well above the original targets that we set for the year. We generated more than $2 billion of cash flow and we returned a significant portion of that to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends while also strengthening our balance sheet. We invested strongly in merchandizing and consumer marketing efforts throughout the year, resulting in good fourth quarter sales growth and strong momentum as we begin our new year. Now it's hard to see our fourth quarter operating performance in the reported numbers. The comparison includes one extra week of business in the final quarter of 2009. We also divested some product lines last year. So we'll provide some additional sales data on a comparable basis. Please note that our comments on slides as on an as reported basis unless otherwise noted, and our materials also reflect the recent 2-for-1 stock split. Slide 6 summarizes our results. Sales for the quarter totaled $3.6 billion, down 2%. Segment operating profit was $606 million, which was margin in line with last year, excluding mark-to-market effects and a 10% increase in media spending. Net earnings totaled $212 million and diluted earnings per share was $0.31 as reported. These reported results include (inaudible) affecting comparability. Fourth quarter 2010 earnings include a net reduction of $0.05 per share related to mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions. We also recorded a $0.05 non-cash tax charge related to the recently enacted healthcare legislation. Excluding these items, earnings per share for the quarter would be $0.41. In last year's fourth quarter, we recorded a $0.16 gain from mark-to-market valuation, which was partially offset by a loss in the divestiture of several bakeries and foodservice product lines. Excluding these items affecting comparability from both years, diluted earnings per share declined only slightly in the fourth quarter. That primarily reflects one less week in fiscal 2010. That extra week contributed about $0.04 per share last year. In this year, we recorded charges of about $0.04 per share in the fourth quarter related to debt refinancing activities. That action reduced our debt maturing in 2012 by $400 million. We ended the year with very strong top-line results. Slide 8 shows fourth quarter sales growth as reported, and then on a comparable weeks basis. U.S. retail sales grew 5% on a comparable basis driven by a strong increase in Pound volume. International sales grew 5% excluding the impact of the extra week. This includes 3 points of favorable foreign exchange. Volume growth drove the increase in sales on a constant currency basis. Our Bakeries and Foodservice segment reported a 5% decline in net sales on a comparable basis. But this includes the impact of divestitures and index pricing tied to wheat markets that have been below year-ago levels. Underlying performance in this business ranged quite good as you'll see with our volume results. Volume trends accelerated in the fourth quarter across all of our segments. Slide 9 shows the pound volume contributions and net sales growth with the impact of divested product lines noted below the chart. On a reported basis, pound volume contributions and net sales was unchanged versus last year, with divested products reducing growth by 1 point. The next slide shows point volume growth on a comparable basis, excluding the impact of the extra week. On this basis, U.S. retail pound volume increased 8% for the quarter. Pound volume for international was up 3% despite a 2 point reduction from divestitures. And in our bakeries and foodservice segment, pound volume excluding divested products would have increased in the quarter, well ahead of overall industry trends. On a reported basis, fourth quarter gross margin was 36.2%, down from last year, when we recorded a $170 million mark-to-market gain. Excluding mark-to-market effects, gross margin matched year-ago levels. As I mentioned earlier, we continue to reinvest to drive top-line growth. Media spending grew 10% in the fourth quarter. That's on top of a double-digit increase in the period a year ago. This investment contributed to our good sales growth in the quarter, and will help us maintain momentum as we enter 2011. Slide 13 shows our segment operating profit margins for the quarter. Following strong margin expansion through the first three quarters of this year, total segment margin declined in the fourth quarter. Some tactical increase and price promotion, and 14% increase in media spending resulted in a decline in U.S. retail margins. The international margin was down due to transaction of foreign exchange effects. In bakeries and foodservice, segment margin increased, reflecting lower input cost and continued strong mix management. After tax earnings from joint ventures increased 25%, to $15 million for the quarter, including payable foreign exchange effects. On a constant currency basis, fourth quarter sales for CPW grew 5% with good volume growth and (payable) net price realization and mix. Haagen Dazs Japan sales declined at a double-digit rate due to the challenging economic environment. Slide 15 summarizes results for 2010 in total. Sales grew 1% as reported. That's being pulled down by 3 points from divestitures and the extra week. Segment operating profits grew 8%, including a 24% increase in media spending. And diluted earnings per share, excluding certain items affecting comparability reached $2.30, up 16% from last year and well ahead of our long term growth model. We believe this represents very strong financial performance in a challenging operating environment. Our growth was driven by broad-based sales gains across our businesses. U.S. retail sales grew 3%, led by strong growth in our snacks businesses and Big G cereals. Dollar sales increased across all of our U.S. retail divisions including baking when you look at absolute dollars and that's with one less week of business. Comparable week sales growth was even stronger. Bakeries and foodservice sales trends were strong as well. Slide 17 shows fiscal 2010 results for our key channels and brands. We're outperforming foodservice and convenience store industry trends. Sales to foodservice distributors were down just 2% as reported, while convenience store food industry sales continued to decline, sales of our brands drew 3% in 2010. Our consumer branded products are leading our growth. Yogurt sales increased 1%, sales of cereals grew 4% and snack sales increased 6% in fiscal 2010. And again, comparable week sales growth was even stronger. This sales performance combined with lower supply chain costs and good productivity savings led to a significant improvement in bakers and foodservice operating profits. The operating profit margin for this segment reached 14% in fiscal 2010, well above the double digit target we've been working toward the last few years. 2010 sales growth was strong across our international markets as well. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, international net sales increased 3%. Sales in Canada were up 2% before currency benefit as we continue to drive growth in our key categories resulting in share gains in cereals and grain snacks. Asia Pacific sales grew 9% driven by good performance by Haagen-Dazs shops in Wanchai Ferry in China. Sales in Europe were up 2% led by growth for Nature Valley granola bars and Old El Paso. In Latin America, sales matched last year's levels despite the loss of sales from divested product lines. In total, our segment operating cost of margin increased by 130 basis points in 2010 in 19.3% of sales. Strong operating performance, effective cost saving initiatives and low input costs more than funded a 24% increase in media spending. International margins were down, that was due to foreign currency effects. We saw good growth in both U.S. retail and Bakeries and Foodservice. Turning to the balance sheet, we paid down more than $600 million in debt in 2010 resulting in total debt at year end of $6.4 billion in a return to our targeted BBB+ stable credit rating. Our operating cash flow to debt ratio improved to 34% and our fixed charge coverage improved 6.4 times. So, we exited 2010 with a stronger balance sheet. Our fourth quarter debt tender resulted in a $40 million pretax charge this year, but that will benefit us next year. And the rest remaining a mid single digit decline in interest expense. Core working capital was up 3% versus last year. Inventories essentially matched last year's levels. Our receivables increased ahead of sales growth due to sales timing shift before currency translation. Payables were slightly above last years levels. Our operations generate over $2 billion of cash in fiscal 2010 up almost 20% from last year driven by our strong earnings growth. We used some of that cash for capital investment. Capital spending totaled $650 million for fiscal 2010 as we added manufacturing capacity in cereal, snack bars and yogurt. We also returned cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Our average diluted shares outstanding decreased by 1% for the year and dividends per share were up 12% over those paid in 2009. We returned more than $1.3 billion to shareholders in fiscal 2010. And over the past five years, we returned more than $8 billion to shareholders of General Mills through dividend and share repurchases. We have delivered consistent quality growth in sales, segment operating profit and earnings per share. We expect fiscal 2011 to be another year of quality growth for General Mills. Our 2011 plan offer operating results in line with our long term motto. We expect volume gains to drive low single digit growth in net sales and segment operating profit to grow ahead of sales, despite renewed input cost inflation. We're projecting increase of 4% to 5% in our commodity and fuel cost next year after a 3% decline in 2010. Key drivers of our 2011 increases are energy, resin-based packaging and dairy. Our corporate unallocated expense will increase next year, driven by non-cash pension expense. The increase in fiscal 2011 is driven by a decrease in the discount rate used to calculate pension expense reflecting the low interest rate environment. Our discount rate is a complex actuarial calculation, but it begins with bond deals. If you've been watching those rates over the past year, we've seen a pretty significant decline. Slide 27 shows the average for 15 year AA industrial bond as an example. The yield is down just over 100 basis points from last year. The specific discount we used to calculate on pension expense will decrease from 7.5% in 2010 to 5.85% in 2011. Now, we don't believe the current low interest rate environment will last forever, but this discount rate decrease will drive an increase an expense of roughly $100 million in expense in non-cash pension expense next year. Further, the funded status of our qualified plans is still quite healthy and we saw a good double digit return on plan assets for 2010. Looking forward, we haven't changed our long term return assumption and we aren't required to make any cash contributions to our plans in 2011. So, to sum up our financial targets for 2011, we're expecting to deliver strong sales and operating profit growth in line with our long term model. We're targeting earnings per share of $2.46 to $2.48 before any market-to-market effects. That represents growth of 7% to 8% from this year's adjusted EPS of $2.30. And we'll continue to return strong levels of cash to our shareholders. Just yesterday, we announced a 17% increase in our perspective fiscal 2011 dividend rate to $1.12 per share. And our board approved a new 100 million share repurchase authorization. Now, we don't give quarterly guidance as you know, but if you take a look at the sell side estimates posted out there for 2011, it appears that you all do remember that we had an exceptionally strong start to 2010. Our plan doesn't assume EPS growth for first quarter, but the absolute level of earnings for the first quarter will be quite strong again. It'll put us nicely on track to achieve our full year EPS target. We'll share more of our plans for fiscal 2011 later this week. I look forward to seeing some of your in Minneapolis tomorrow night and invite all of you to join us via webcast, Thursday morning, 7:45 Central, hear our plans for driving quality growth for 2011. With that, I'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator will you get us started please?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS: Just a quick question on the environment. I know folks are wondering about, why it seems so difficult, just meeting a lot of the companies that we've seen lately, privately they'll say it's maybe the most difficult environment they've seen in a long time. I don't know if you share the same sentiment about the environment. What is different today? Clearly we see protracted lack of inflation that's out there at least in terms of retail prices and the lack of traffic at retail. But in terms of package food manufacturer, how is it different today? And then maybe give the texture of what we see in the measured channels versus what you see across all channels?
Don Mulligan: Certainly. I think your view of the environment is maybe colored a little bit I think by the categories that you play in and the positions you have in those categories. And what we see in our categories is, while there is certainly some challenge on pricing given the deflationary environment that most of us have experienced in the past year, what we also see is that volume traffic into our categories continues. And as we bring new products, as we increase our brand support, we continue to see traffic in our categories which you'll see when you look at our pound movement that I just spoke to, or if you look at our baseline growth that's measured in Nielsen. So it is a challenging environment in terms of the deflationary aspects and certainly from a recession standpoint, some of the pressure and the consumer. But as we look at our categories, we see opportunity grow, we've seen that growth. Again, as we continue to play our game plan along new products, along bringing customer benefits to drive traffic into their stores, and then the growth that we expect to see and some flexibility I guess I should say, essentially in pricing as inflation begins to return, as we talked about we expect for 2011. In terms of the split between measured and non-measured, we continue to see more rapid growth in non-measured channels, in club stores, in Wal-Mart. That's a continuation of a trend; you see that in our numbers as well, the split between the Nielsen and the non-measured growth. We don't see that difference necessarily changing as we look forward. We certainly continue to expect to see growth in the traditional channels, but we expect to see the non-measured continue to grow at a slightly more rapid rate, just given the slightly different offering that they have for the consumer.
David Palmer - UBS: Is it your gut that by the second half of your fiscal year that you'll start to see that pricing realization, and maybe not so much in the first half of your fiscal year, is that the general way you think it'll play out?
Don Mulligan: Yes, I think that's a fair assessment. As we look at our year, we think the rest of the calendar 2010 is going to be a bit more like what you've seen for the last couple of quarters. We think if people start seeing inflation that will begin to change in the back part of our fiscal year. That's what our plans would look like.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens.
Terry Bivens - JPMorgan: My questions go to the gross margin. I think certainly relative to what we were looking for, that's where we were a little bit surprised. Two parts; I think the price investment here; I hear what you say about the advertising, Don. But it seems to us that maybe the price investment was a little bit steeper than we expected to get this kind of volume growth. So the question would be, is this the kind of price investment do you think that we will see as we go into fiscal '11. And the other side of things was, I just want to ask you quickly about any possible mix effects here from selling? It looks like your canned veggies perked up a little bit, at least in the recent going. If there was any kind of negative mix benefit from that, just those two things?
Don Mulligan: A couple of things on the gross margin. The largest dynamic in the quarter for the margin was clearly the fact that we went from a positive price mix last year about 5% as we still continue to see some carryover pricing from earlier in 2009 to minus 3% this quarter, which was clearly a reflection of where inflation was going to a great extent. I think the important thing also I understand is that as we look at our price mix over an extended period of time, we have been pretty restrained in that and we've been able to because of HMM. In the past year our gross margin has improved by 330 basis points. Over two years that's over 400, almost 450 basis points. And that's largely driven by HMM pricing. Nielsen, for example over those two years, we've taken less than a percent of pricing, and our peers, which are about 2%, and actually retailer brands which are close to the 5%. So what you saw in the fourth quarter was a bit of us making sure that we had our merchandized levels right, as we exit the year and enter the New Year. And that's something we had anticipated as 2009 unfolded. We talked about that I think prior to media meeting, when we looked at the environment, is that we always try and get more promotion on the back half as everyone is seeing deflation. We're not going to lead pricing, but we have to be in a certain price zone to beat competitors. And that's what you saw us do really in the last half of the year. As we look to next year, as I just mentioned to Dave, we expect to see some pricing opportunity as the year unfolds, as inflation is being seen by our competitors and by our retailers for their retail brand. So we would expect that complexion to change as fiscal 2011 unfolds.
Terry Bivens - JPMorgan: Well you know the (say) among investors is clearly that higher promotional levels are going to be the rule of the day going forward. So I guess what you're saying is, they showed up that way in the fourth quarter, but don't necessarily look at this as kind of a run rate sort of picture. Is that a fair statement?
Don Mulligan: Yes, that's a fair statement. And I think you'll get probably get a kind of much better feel for our broader plans on Thursday, when you have a chance to hear from Ian, and Kris, and John and many of our division Presidents. And our plan for next year is founded on the same kind of growth that drove us this year, which is around new products, ever more impactful advertising. And that's where we're going to be leading into next year. It's not going to be a price game.
Kris Wenker: One other piece of context that might be helpful. We usually give you guideline to trade cost per case, and as you know for us it has been coming down for several years. We started the year this year with a goal to hold it flat. At mid-year we told that, no, we're going to have to make some tactical changes here. We ended up, up 1%. So it's a modest increase in cost per case, and you can see we got volume response to that. And the overall levels, if we look at next year, we see that trade environment probably moderating as the year goes on.
Don Mulligan: Yes, Terry, there's one other aspect, I think as you look at our fourth quarter particulars is, last year fourth quarter was one of our lighter quarters from a merchandizing standpoint. So there's a bit of a year-over-year comparison. If you look at the quarter alone, I think that kind of the full year trends that Chris was alluding to, but if we look at F10 and as we think about F11, are probably more representative of where you'll see us go.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets: I was hoping if you could just elaborate a little bit on the inflation outlook for 4% to 5%. It's a bit higher than we were looking for. And just wondering, how much of the year is hedged at this point. And then also, when you consider your productivity expectations for the year ahead, do you think you could see some modest growth margin expansion or should we be careful about modeling for that?
Don Mulligan: As far as inflation, many of the items that we saw favorably impacted this year are starting to reverse in the energy markets. As they flow through that we'll see it resin packaging, we see it in the dairy market, a little bit in sugar as well. Those are the key drivers as we look at the inflation. Quite obvious, as we look at our buying in 2010, the positions that we took played out quite well for us and we actually, as we then audited our position for 2010, there are many markets, many categories where we bought below market. And so as you model us versus market, you really end up taking up kind of hedge positions favorably impacted our 2010 cost, which then have a knockout effect in 2011. That's how you get to the 4% and 5%. As far as your hedge, we're about 50% hedged as we enter the year. We have a pretty good line of sight on where that is; it does leave about half the year open.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets: And then on just briefly on the cereal category, obviously a lot of talk recently about the competitive pricing activity there, can you just maybe share an updated view on when that might ease up in that category specifically, because couple of your competitor that have been promoting for you might call a company specific reasons that one would hope would be short-lived. So just curious to get any perspective there.
Don Mulligan: Well, I'll start with fact with the fact that we don't think there's anything wrong with the cereal category. The pound volume actually is up in the category. Clearly, some (inaudible) particularly has been promotional. They have probably said they are going to stop some of the more inefficient spending they've seen, which we believe they will do. We're fine in our position; in our base lines we are growing, our core brands are healthy, our new products are performing well, our share is up, we feel very good about the category and our place in it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: Two questions, first, I wanted to follow up on Terry's question, Don, can you give us a sense to the extent your comfortable what actually the mix was on the quarter versus price?
Don Mulligan: I don't have the (inaudible) breakout for you in front of me Jonathan, I'll see if we can get it.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: What, I mean, do you kind of, off the top of your head know whether it was positive or negative? Just trying to get a sense of what the total price impact was across the company?
Don Mulligan: I don't have that number.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay that's fine. We can follow up. And the second question I had relates to the 4% to 5% cost outlook, when you are talking about you expect to have inflation, may be in the second half of the year kind of comeback in a little bit more broadly, are talking about across all your inputs, or just the kind of dairy and fuel that are kind of driving the inflation as you're guiding it this year? Kind of alluded to expecting an improvement in inflationary environment where we're kind of seeing is a deterioration in that environment like input costs on a weighted average basis, down fairly substantially since March. So I guess what we are specifically referring to as far as expecting improved, better or worse depending whether you're buying or selling I guess, in increased inflation environment for the second half of your fiscal?
Don Mulligan: Yes. The 4% to 5% was average it up '11 versus the average graph '10. What we bought in F10 is based on the (inaudible) positions that we would have taken to early in calendar 2009. If you look at the 12 months of fiscal 2010 compared to the outlook for the markets for our fiscal 2011 you can see that those categories that I mentioned energy, dairy, resin packaging, sugar, are up year-over-year. Some of the grains are kind of, there is a mixed bag of the probably close to the neutral. And so, we'll see that throughout the year, this isn't what I mentioned about, our expectation is that you will probably see less promotion and maybe a little bit of pricing in the back part of the year. That wasn't to infer our inflation is necessarily is back loaded. We think that's when the pricing will be more likely to come through.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: I see. It seems awfully coincidental that you've seen an increase in promotional activity. I know you called out (inaudible) a driver and they seem to be more eager than others to resuscitate some of that post volume but it seems the category more probably has become more priced driven and your own merchandise cost for case have gone up (inaudible) with that decline in commodities. Do you think we need to see a better, particularly grain commodity input cost environment like, to scare people out some of this discounting.
Don Mulligan: I don't know if I'd go there, but certainly if there is going to be deflation, as we and others have experienced is not surprising that in a recessionary environment some of that is going to be returning to the consumer in terms of some merchandise activity, promotional activity. But in the long term, we believe that the environment is going to be inflationary, we're again projected to see that started in 2011. It's an industry that has seen pricing even when inflation has been relatively low and it's not just driven by cost necessarily, it's not just cost plus, it's because new benefits are being brought to brands and into products. And I think you will continue to see that. And so this is more of a return to the norm than it is with the last two to three years is been, which has been very volatile with both cost and as we love prices going up and down a little bit more sharply than we've seen historically.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: So, I just wanted to ask a couple of quick questions on marketing and I guess the uncertain nature of the retail environment. On the marketing side, do you have rough guidance of how much you expect marketing spending to increase as in the SG&A line this year?
Kris Wenker: Well, in line with sales is how I tell you to think about advertising growth.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: And then I guess coming back to this question of the retail environment, a number of other package food companies have been talking about just how turbulent the retail environment is out there particularly in the last couple of months. Given that you are talking about maybe lower EPS growth in the front half of the year, would you say that this a more uncertain year as you stand here today versus maybe where you have been over the last couple of years and if so, what are the real puts and takes, what do you feel comfortable with, what are the key risks and where might there be upside opportunities as well?
Don Mulligan: We are in a very competitive environment. So, every year you go into as a CFO I always have some concerns about how the year is going to unfold. But what I can tell you is, coming out of what is three to four years now a very strong performance, we have tremendous momentum and that's not just in the financial results, it's beyond that, it's what the consumers in terms of our share position, our brand equity with the consumers is certainly in our relationship with customer and a role of replay with them which is reflected in everything from the category (captaincies) we earn, the distribution gains we have, the kind of results we get in Cannondale surveys for example. And that's across all three of our business segments; takes different forms, but it's across USRO bakeries and foodservice and international. And that's why we showed you the split of businesses by division or by geography, international or by segment within bakeries and food service you see growth across all of our businesses and that momentum which has earned over time is not easily reversed and that's what gives me confidence as we come into the year that we're well positioned to deliver on our model.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I guess a couple of detailed questions. First, just so I understand it, in the $0.41 excluding unusual items, you are including $0.04 of debt refinancing?
Don Mulligan: That's correct.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then you expect the benefit of the debt refinancing and what you paid down to kind of show up in interest expense in fiscal '11?
Don Mulligan: Correct, and a couple of things I'd add to that. one is we expect to see a reduction in our interest expense next year, because we will not have that $0.04 or $40 million charge in our numbers next year. We will expect to see lower interest expense because we took out debt that was causing us 5.5% to 5.8% and refinance with CP, but the offset to that if you recall, we did a 30 year bond offering at the end of May. And that was $500 million which is at 5.4% that's going to offset the savings on the refinancing. Essentially the way to think about it is we had debt to hedge two years of maturity and we refinanced it for after 28 years at a slightly lower interest rate. And we did that because interest environment is so attractive right now, we want to tap in and actually do our first ever 30 year bond.
Kris Wenker: So, if you put it all together, Eric, then you model interest expense for next year down mid single digit. That should put you in the hunt.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: But that including the $40 million roughly…
Kris Wenker: That's off of this year as reported 402.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: And then I guess the second question has to do with the pension expense. Bear with me on my pension accounting because it's been a little while. So you've lowered your discount rate and therefore the present value of your future liabilities are greater and therefore that's what's triggering the expense recognition even though it's not a cash item. And I think you said you didn't adjust your return on asset assumption. So that part of it isn't changing. And you said, I guess that your pension is funded sufficiently. Is it a tax issue as to why you wouldn't contribute cash to offset the fact that the liabilities are now greater and you wouldn't have the expense running through the P&L?
Don Mulligan: Yes, it's a good question. First of all your macro view of the accounting is right. The discount rate that essentially increases the liability, the present value of the future liabilities on today's books and triggers that higher non-cash expense next year. The reason we didn't fund it with cash, quite honestly because it is being driven by abnormally and historically low discount rates or interest rates. And we're expecting every major bank expects long-term rates to be higher a year from now or two years from now. And if that interest rate increases our discount rates increase the liability hence the expense will decrease. So if you will, the fact that we had a higher liability now is a little bit transitory in nature as interest rates we were to I think were historically normal levels.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I guess maybe it's a question of whether it's tax efficiency because you're buying -- like right you announced the other day a big dividend increase in a $100 million share repo which is billons of dollars over the next couple of years. So I'm just trying to understand kind of how this is like this use of cash is being determined that we can make sense to put it into the pension now as opposed to the dividend or the share repo.
Don Mulligan: Yes, I guess, fundamentally as I said, our pension as interest rates increase, our pension will be fully funded. And as we look at where we want to put cash, we think there's a higher return in buying GIS as there is in putting cash into the pension.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So that's kind of the non-operating question. So last one on the operating. I mean, you probably don't have access, but aftermarket your stock's trading down about 5%, and so maybe that has to do with the difference between consensus and this roughly $0.10 a share pension expense. But in terms of the gross margin, you went from I think ex that write off for the expensive hammers or whatever it was. In the third quarter, you had like 700 basis point of gross margin expansion. And well, yes, you had the extra week for this quarter to be basically flat. I mean, it just seems like how is that if cereal is doing well and all these other highest margin businesses are doing so well. It's just hard to bridge why there is such a change in the gross margin from the third quarter expansion to the fourth quarter being flat.
Don Mulligan: It was really fourth quarter last year, margins expanded, Kris check me this 450 points, 475 points. So we are starting to lap when we started seeing real step up in our gross margins. And it allows a combination of inflation was decelerating at that point and we still had some of the residual pricing benefit from earlier in the year versus this quarter, where our deflation is lower and we have some of that negative price fix that we talked about that is really some of the tactical promotion activity. That's the major driver between the two years.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: We'll talk obviously over the next two days in more detail. I'll pass on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I wanted to ask about the comment you made, Don, earlier about how your category seem to be performing pretty well in terms of overall sales growth. I remember last year, you gave a number on your category growth being pretty strong, I think it was like 4.5%, this year I didn't see that number in the presentation, maybe we're going to see it tomorrow. But do you any idea what the gross rate is in your categories. Because I think people like your stock, because it's exposed as in good categories.
Don Mulligan: I don't have that number in front on me Rob. I'm confident if you look at us versus the food and bev, you'll still see a higher growth rate, but I don't have the number in front of me right now to make the comparison.
Kris Wenker: Yes, I'm trying to think that. I think we had our USRO categories consolidated for (inaudible) time period. And I want to say, going three'ish, does that feel about right?
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: This year or last year, which one?
Kris Wenker: This year at (inaudible), sorry I have the fourth quarter numbers in my hand, not so much category stuff.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: And let me drill down to one category…
Don Mulligan: I don't have the total food and bev university. So can we get the last full year our fiscal year growth was around 2% in dollars, 2.5% in units, and this is all measured. So you would obviously add up two points roughly to that to get the total universe. And then in last four weeks at least, kind of, roughly the same dollar growth in units up almost 4% that speaks to the effectiveness of the promotional activity. So again, you'd add probably couple of points to get to the total universe growth rate.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: May be better if I followed up offline on this. And then one other comment. I noticed you said that your sales growth is higher at Wal-Mart. I've heard from a lot of food companies that in particular they've been having trouble with this channel to what do you attribute your growth there I mean there's even been a management change in the U.S. just announced today, sounds like they're really struggling.
Don Mulligan: Our relationship with Wal-Mart remains very strong. You know that we really seen that relationship develop for the last six or seven years and it's focused on growing the categories and their business and helping them grow their food business, which is now obviously a majority of their sales in the U.S. It's the formula that we've been using with all of our retail partners, i.e. bringing our category our sales capabilities, category management shopper insights to help drive category growth and drive shoppers into their store. (inaudible) where they can work and we have some events whether it's back to school or the box tops events. And with the focus on supporting our brands through new products to grant investment so we're driving baseline growth, which should get us more profitable for us and for them. And that formula has worked well with Wal-mart for a number of years and works well across many of our retail partners.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Still growing well at Wal-mart. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kenneth Zaslow, of BMO.
Kenneth Zaslow : Just two non-operating questions one is, when you're looking at the forecast, I'm assuming your taking into account the current foreign exchange environment so, I'm assuming that's just an easy yes question.
 BMO: Just two non-operating questions one is, when you're looking at the forecast, I'm assuming your taking into account the current foreign exchange environment so, I'm assuming that's just an easy yes question.
Don Mulligan: Yes.
Kenneth Zaslow : I am not fully understanding the interest expenses, it seems like it would go down by more than mid single digit if you have that $25 million plus it seems like another $40 million and then just a lower debt base and low interest expense. I am sorry I just didn't fully understand why it's only mid single digit down?
 BMO: I am not fully understanding the interest expenses, it seems like it would go down by more than mid single digit if you have that $25 million plus it seems like another $40 million and then just a lower debt base and low interest expense. I am sorry I just didn't fully understand why it's only mid single digit down?
Don Mulligan: We have embedded in our interest expense this year the $40 million for the debt tender for the refinancing that will reoccur next year. Next year we do plan to grow our debt. And we do plan for commercial paper rates to increase as the year unfolds, which is essentially where the forward market is. So those two are going to increase interest expense. The net of all that is the single digit decrease in total interest expense.
Kenneth Zaslow : Okay. And then just questions one is how do you see the private label gap changing both in cereal as well as in your other category, have they reset to some sense, will they stay at these level? How do you see them both in cereal as well as in other categories?
 BMO: Okay. And then just questions one is how do you see the private label gap changing both in cereal as well as in your other category, have they reset to some sense, will they stay at these level? How do you see them both in cereal as well as in other categories?
Don Mulligan: In terms of their share --
Kenneth Zaslow : Private labels on price gap. So your price gap relative to private label, across your categories.
 BMO: Private labels on price gap. So your price gap relative to private label, across your categories.
Don Mulligan: Well as I mentioned earlier, as we look across our categories on a two year basis. And our prices are up less than 1% and private labels up almost 5%. So we've seen that gap narrow, one of the areas that we have been very focused on is insuring that we have the right price gaps, whether it's versus private label or versus our key branded competitors. In most of our categories we are largely where we want to be and will continue to make sure we're in that zone during 2011.
Kenneth Zaslow : And then the second part is on the international front can you talk about, how you expect to see 2011 play out in terms of where you get the challenges, where do you see that you are actually gaining share. Just give us a little color to how the international, I know we focus little bit on cereal today, but if you can give us some international outlook as well. That would be helpful?
 BMO: And then the second part is on the international front can you talk about, how you expect to see 2011 play out in terms of where you get the challenges, where do you see that you are actually gaining share. Just give us a little color to how the international, I know we focus little bit on cereal today, but if you can give us some international outlook as well. That would be helpful?
Don Mulligan: Yes. Sure I think I got to get around a map. Canada had a tremendously strong 2010. The business in Canada from a category standpoint is a little bit narrow, but is probably the closest we have in the U.S. in terms of multiple categories, being led this year by cereal, grain snacks. We picked up a whole percentage point of share in cereal during the course of the year. And the game plan there again is similar to what we do on a company wide basis, which is driving HMM reinvesting back in the business. In brand advertising and new product launches. And that has been the successful in Canada, is what we've seen in our larger U.S. business. China has been a tremendously strong performer for us as well. We have two great lines of business there between Haagen-Dazs and Wanchai Ferry. In emerging business in snacks both in bugles and in fruit snacks. And in combination of both penetration in the core markets that we've been in as well as geographic expansion has continued to allow that business to grow at 20% plus on the top-line and again at a profitable pace as well. And that continues unabated, the economy in China continues to be robust. And in Western Europe, it's clearly a tougher goal; the economy is much choppier, but we did as I showed you in 2010, we did drive sales growth on a constant currency basis in Europe. So we feel good about that. We feel good about the portfolio of businesses that we have in the brands that we have in Europe, and we expect to drive growth again in 2011 in Europe as well as the other markets I just talked about as well. So I talked too about what gives me confidence as we come into the year. It's the broad strength we have across our portfolio that's in the divisions in the U.S., it's in the customer segments in our bakeries and foodservice business and it's across our geographies internationally.
Kris Wenker: You want to think about sort of level of growth for the international segments of '11, you know you want to think about sales growth mid-single digit operating profit, double digit.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll - Citi: Congratulations on a very successful F10. Certainly a number of questions here though poised for F11. I think they have been well hit by a couple of folks, but a couple of follow-ups. The first thing is, you guys laid out earlier this year the plan for, I believe it was $4 billion in cost of goods sold over the next ten years, $1 billion of the $4 billion in the current three-year period, F10, '11, and '12. Don, can you tell us how we did in F10 on that metric, and then also specifically, did we see a significant amount of cost saves in the fourth quarter?
Don Mulligan: Well, we did stay on track in 2011, we are going to continue on that track. Our cost savings are pretty widespread, so that's necessarily lumpy, we are going to see a big change from quarter to quarter. Let's say, Q4 should be represented what we saw in the prior three quarters.
Kris Wenker: To the specific question, yes, and you're going to hear John Church sort of re-endorse those three and ten-year HMM goals on Thursday, and you'll probably hear each of the operators talk a little bit about HMM and feeling good about it in their plans.
Don Mulligan: Yeah, that's very fundamental to our business model, and the commitments that we made in January remain very valid for us today. We're on track to deliver them.
David Driscoll - Citi: Apologies if you did say this; so I know you gave the (inaudible) inflation number for the full year. That's I believe negative 3. Can you say what it was for the quarter?
Kris Wenker: I know it was down, not as much as the full year, I don't believe.
David Driscoll - Citi: So I'm going to go back to Terry's question on margins, and I think Eric's question on margins. So bring something together for me. So if we don't have lumpy cost savings, and in the fourth quarter we got cost savings like we've seen. If input cost inflation is somewhat deflationary, generally you're just stopping right there, I believe that that's been sort of the magic elixir for the food companies and we've seen really great gross margin improvement. But when we add on top of that, I think in the quarter, your comparable volumes in U.S. retail were up 8%. So when I think of a number like that Don, I think that we should see very significant volume leverage across the manufacturing operations of the company, and that generally leaves the nice margin expansion. So these components all seem extremely favorable, yet of course we didn't margin expansion. And I'm curious, if you can take one more pass at this. Apologies, I know you have answered this now like three times, but putting those factors together, what is it that I'm getting so wrong here that would lead to flattish margins?
Don Mulligan: Well, as I said, the primary reason is a change in inflation from one year to the other; you know, decelerating last year, accelerating this year and then the price mix movement as well, which again we had carryover benefits in Q4 last year which I'll describe, you know 450 plus basis point improvement in gross margin where we had some negative price mix this year. Those are the primary drivers. In this we had other smaller things. We mentioned some capital projects; they are underway. Those come with some project expenses. Those are going to come through the P&L as well, and that type of expense can be lumpy quarter to quarter. But the primary is what I mentioned earlier in terms of the dynamic between the large increase we saw in gross margin last year in the fourth quarter, because the inflation pricing relationship versus our fourth quarter this year.
David Driscoll - Citi: Is the pension expense outlook for F11, is that included or excluded from your input cost inflation figure of 4% to 5%?
Don Mulligan: It's excluded. That's outside of that.
David Driscoll - Citi: Okay. I'll save the rest of my questions for the Analyst Day because I know we've got a good data coming up.
Kris Wenker: There'll be room for more. On the swing in pension expense, nobody has quite put their finger on this, but I want to make sure you should have had income from pension and post-retirement in this year, so we're talking about a $100 million swing into next year.
David Driscoll - Citi: Thanks for the clarification, and I look forward to seeing you in March.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: First off, and again I hope this is not to that same gross margin question. Kind of looking forward here, in a period of increased promotional spending, one of the things that helps your gross margin earlier in fiscal 2010 was stronger throughput in the plants. So we assume that improving volume trend in 2011 would be good for your gross margin. Have you given a gross margin forecast for 2011?
Don Mulligan: It will be beneficial to the margin. As we look at next year, with inflation being in that 4% to 5% range, you see where the HMM benefit has been, you see a way to basically comparable gross margins that we had this year on a full year basis.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: I'm sure you're not going to give a timing around the share repurchase authorization. Do you have certain plans for the coming fiscal year that we should know that you could talk about or is it meant to be built in over several years? Give any color there?
Don Mulligan: There was no termination date for the authorization, but our business model is based on reducing our share count by 2% a year, and that's what we expect during 2011.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: And then my last question is just on the restructuring cost, the one-time costs you put in, in your earnings. Are those flat, again, $30 million, is that a good number to use?
Don Mulligan: For 2011?
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Fiscal '11, sorry, yes.
Don Mulligan: No, actually we'll be down in 2011, probably down in the single digits. The primary reason is the fact that as we look at our portfolio and the work that we've done over the past four or five years, we're very happy with our portfolio and there isn't a lot that we see that needs to be fueled off or restructured at this point. So we are budgeting actually for a much smaller restructuring number in 2011.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: So you're going to have that benefit coming through as well as like the spare parts inventory benefit coming through as well. Those are the incremental benefits to your EPS growth for the coming year, right?
Don Mulligan: Correct. So we have a number of benefits, and then we obviously have the pension offset, which allows us to still deliver on model for the full year.
Kris Wenker: We're a little bit over. Let's take one more, and then of course you'll have us (to dial) again on Thursday.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Corporate and allocated expense was I think if I calculated it right was down year-on-year in the fourth quarter by about $30 million or so. Can you just talk about what was running through that line in the fourth quarter, and then if there's anything we should think about for fiscal '11.
Don Mulligan: That number is typically looked at better on a full year basis. What it does, it captures a lot of variances from what charge-out rate is to the division. But if you look at it, where you actually see a similar dynamic, where if you take out the mark-to-market, it's down about $25 million. And the primary driver of that is that we had some corporate investments that were losses last year and gains this year. So we had about $35 million in losses in 2009 and about $13 million in gains in 2010, so about $50 million or $48 million swing. That explains most of that. We also had the recovery of our Argentine plant insurance settlement in 2009, which was $41 million. So if you had to net all that out, you're essentially flat for the year within $10 or $15 million of being flat year-over-year.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: And the gains on the corporate investments, those are like foreign exchange swap that type of thing?
Don Mulligan: They're typically small holdings we may have in some strategic investments that we may have that are providing some capabilities for us, and they provide capabilities for a certain amount of time and then we'll monetize that investment.
Kris Wenker: Thank you everybody. Appreciate your time and sorry we're not getting through everybody here but we're up to the hour. So save those good questions and we'll see you on Wednesday night/Thursday morning if you're coming in. Otherwise you'll catch us on the webcast Thursday morning. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-03-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Kris Wenker – VP IR Ken Powell – CEO Don Mulligan – CFO Jeff Harmening – President Big G Cereals
Analysts:  Terry Bivens – JPMorgan Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets David Palmer – UBS Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital  Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus 
Operator: Welcome to the General Mills third quarter fiscal 2010 results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like now to turn the conference over to Kris Wenker, Vice President Investor Relations at General Mills.
Kris Wenker: Good morning everybody. I’m here with Ken Powell our CEO, Don Mulligan our CFO, and Jeff Harmening, who leads our Big G Cereals division. I’ll cover my usual housekeeping items quickly and then turn the microphone over to them.  Our press release on third quarter results was issued over the wires earlier this morning. It’s also posted on our website if you still need a copy. We’ve posted slides on the website also. They supplement our prepared remarks for this morning and these remarks will include forward-looking statements based on management’s current views and assumptions.  The second slide in today’s presentation lists the factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. With all that I’ll turn you over to my colleagues, starting with Don.
Don Mulligan: Thanks Kris, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining the call and for your interest in our company. At General Mills we’re now nine months through the fiscal year and our portfolio of leading brands continues to perform very well. The results we released this morning reflect another quarter of high quality performance. Our sales are growing even as we lapped robust prior year increases. Our margins improved reflecting lower input costs, favorable mix, and continued benefits from holistic margin management, or HMM.  We continue to reinvest in marketing and merchandising programs to fuel momentum for our brands in the fourth quarter and into fiscal 2011. And our earnings per share increased at a strong double-digit rate.  Slide five summarizes our third quarter results. Net sales grew 3%, that’s on top of 4% sales growth last year. Price and mix contributed two points of growth and favorable foreign exchange added one point. Segment operating profit rose 8% including a double-digit increase in media spending. Net earnings totaled $332 million, and diluted earnings per share increased $0.96. Our reported results include several items effecting comparability. Third quarter 2010 earnings included net reduction related to mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions in grain inventories.  That reduction totaled $0.01 per share this quarter bringing our adjusted earnings to $0.97 per share. In last year’s third quarter we recorded a $0.13 gain from mark-to-market valuation. Our year ago results also included $0.08 gain for insurance proceeds related to a plant fire in Argentina, and a $0.15 reduction due to the impact of a court decision on an uncertain tax matter.  Excluding these items effecting comparability in 2009 and the mark-to-market effect in both years, diluted earnings per share grew 23% in the third quarter. Top line growth continues to be an important driver of our results. US Retail sales rose 3% on top of 8% growth in the same period last year.  International sales grew 11% as reported. This includes favorable foreign exchange with volume growth, net price realization, and mix drove a 3% increase in sales on a constant currency basis. Our Foodservice segment reported a 10% decline in net sales. But this includes the impact of divestitures and index pricing tied to wheat markets that are below year ago levels. Underlying performance in this business segment remains quite good.  Slide eight shows the pound volume contribution to net sales growth, with the impact of divested product lines noted below the chart. On a reported basis pound volume contribution to net sales was unchanged versus last year with divested products reducing growth by one point.  Pound volume for US Retail segment was comparable to last year despite declines in heavier products like soup, flour, and canned vegetables. Unit volume measured in equivalent cases was up 4% for the quarter. Pound volume for International was up 2% despite a two-point reduction from divested businesses.  And divestitures significantly reduced volume in our Bakeries and Foodservice segment. Excluding divested businesses pound volume would have increased in the quarter, well ahead of overall industry trends.  Our margins recovered from year ago levels in the third quarter. As reported, gross margin increased from 36% to 38% for the period. Excluding mark-to-market effects, the expansion was stronger reflecting lower commodity and fuel costs, favorable mix, and HMM benefits. These more than offset the $48 million pre-tax charge from a change in our capitalization threshold for spare parts. We expect this change will help us further improve our capital management going forward. We continue to invest funds generated by gross margin improvement to drive top line growth. Our media spending was up 33% in the third quarter. As we’ve discussed with you before we’re increasing our digital and multicultural marketing. We’re also bringing growing brands, like Old El Paso Mexican products and Green Giant frozen vegetables back on air with TV advertising. And we continue to invest to grow our global brands in markets around the world. We do pay close attention to the returns on our media spending and still see plenty of good opportunities to invest to fuel future growth.  These strong levels of advertising and media investment contributed to an increase in SG&A expense in the quarter. But our third quarter SG&A growth looks particularly high because we’re comparing to a year ago number that included a $41 million pre-tax gain for the receipt of an insurance settlement related to a plant fire in Argentina.  SG&A expense for the third quarter this year includes the effects of a decision by the Venezuela government to devalue the Bolivar exchange rate against the US dollar. The effect of the devaluation was a $14 million pre-tax foreign exchange loss this year.  Slide 12 shows our segment operating profit results for the quarter. Combined segment operating profits grew 8% to reach more than $600 million. US Retail grew 9% including a 27% increase in media spending. International operating profits declined due to transactional foreign exchange effects and the impact of the currency devaluation in Venezuela.  Excluding currency effects International operating profits were up for the quarter including a strong double-digit increase in advertising and media spending. Operating profits for the Bakeries and Foodservice segment rose significantly in the quarter reflecting lower input costs and strong operating performance.  After tax earnings from joint ventures grew to $24 million for the quarter. Foreign exchange was favorable. Excluding the impact of currency third quarter sales for CPW grew 5% driven by strong volume growth. Haagen-Dazs Japan sales declined 8% due the challenging economic environment in that market. Turning to the balance sheet you’ll see that our core working capital is up versus last year. Receivables grew roughly in line with sales growth. Payables were down with the primary driver of the increase was inventories, which were down from second quarter but up from February last year. That’s due to increased grain prices, a couple of product lines where demand was slower than expected, and some delivered inventory build ahead of strong March merchandising programs this year.  We expect working capital to increase slightly faster than our growth in sales for the year in total. Our operations generated over $1.5 billion of cash through the first nine months of fiscal 2010, up almost 40% from last year driven by our strong earnings growth. We used some of our cash for capital investments. We’re still tracking to capital spending of approximately $630 million for fiscal 2010. Next we prioritized returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We expect our average diluted shares outstanding to be down for the year and expect the dividends per share in fiscal 2010 of $1.92 represent a 12% increase over the $1.72 per share paid in 2009. We’re clearly on track to deliver another year of high quality sales and earnings growth in 2010. Through the first nine months, sales were up 2%, segment operating profits grew 14% including a 29% increase in advertising and media spending. And earnings per share excluding certain items effecting comparability reached $3.78, up 21% from last year.  Based on this very solid nine-month performance we’re raising our 2010 earnings guidance. We’re now targeting earnings of $4.57 to $4.59 per share excluding any mark-to-market impact. That represents growth of 15% from 2009 earnings per share of $3.98, excluding certain items effecting comparability.  These good results will extend our track record of consistent superior earnings growth. As we look to the future we believe our portfolio of leading brands, advantaged categories creates excellent prospects for quality growth. The biggest category where we compete is ready to eat cereal. At Cagney a few weeks ago Chris O’Leary discussed the potential we see in international cereal markets.  I’d now like to introduce Jeff Harmening, who will update you on the US cereal category and our Big G business. 
Jeff Harmening : Thanks Don, and good morning everyone. I’m pleased to report that the US cereal market is healthy and growing and our Big G business is on track to deliver a third straight year of sales and earnings growth.  Big G had a strong third quarter, sales increased 6%. We delivered pound volume growth of 4% and we continued to invest in strong levels of brand building support with media spending increasing at a double-digit rate in the quarter.  We’re seeing our fasted growth in non-measured channels where cases sold grew at a double-digit rate for the period. In Nielsen measured channels, several of you noted that we gave up some share in February. That was really due to our own very tough comp. Last year’s February share was up more than two points driven by a significant merchandising event that’s running in March this year.  You’ll see that reflected in measured channel data this month. Baseline sales were up for the quarter and we increased distribution of Big G cereals. For the fiscal year end total we expect to lead growth in the category and modestly increase our share of cereal sales consistent with our long-term goal. Leading growth in this category in particular is a great place to be. Retail sales for ready to eat cereals totaled nearly $10 billion in the latest 52 weeks across measured and non-measured channels. It’s a high penetration category with more than 90% of US households buying cereal each year.  That makes an important category for our retail partners driving good traffic in their stores and delivering a nice margin. And most importantly the category is healthy and growing. Retail sales have increased between 2% and 4% annually in the last few years and we expect that trend to continue. And because of its size even modest growth in this category drives a significant increase in sales. Cereal category sales have increased by $1 billion over the last four years. This growth in the cereal category over the past few years exceeds the total annual sales for 85% of the categories Nielsen measures across the store.  We’re very optimistic about the continued growth opportunities for cereal and let me tell you why. To start with consumers are simply eating breakfast more often. Although breakfast is still the most often skipped meal, the average number of breakfasts eaten annually by US consumers has been increasing over much of the past decade.  Most people eat breakfast at home. And of all the items consumed in the morning for breakfast, cereal is the most common. But even so its only part of a third of all breakfast occasions. So we see plenty of upside. The number of times consumers eat cereal each year has been steadily rising and we see that number continuing to increase driven by a couple of key factors.  First, cereal delivers good value. Value starts with price. And at less than $0.50 a serving including the milk, cereal is an affordable breakfast option. But value is also about benefits, like convenience. Cereal is quick and easy enough for kids to prepare themselves and taste, which is something we know consumers are not willing to compromise on. And its about health. Cereal compares very favorably to other popular breakfast alternatives in terms of overall calories and fat content. It provides the benefits of whole grain with cereal delivering about 10% of the estimated whole grain consumed in the US each year. And cereals can promote heart health, help with weight management, and deliver required nutrients like calcium and vitamin D.  So value will drive future cereal consumption. The simple math on demographics just in the US also supports continued growth. Slide 24 shows the annual cereal eating per capita for several age groups over the last four years. Cereal is consumed most heavily by kids under 12. It declines after that before picking up again with consumers aged 45 and up; today’s baby boomers.  And as you see below the chart, the two age groups that will drive population growth in the US over the next five years are kids under 12 and boomers. Consumer trends and demographics support continued cereal growth. I’d like to shift now and talk more specifically about how Big G is performing.  As I said earlier fiscal 2010 will mark our third consecutive year of strong sales growth. We have powerful brands that are driving good growth for retailers. For the latest 12 months we have the top five fastest turning SKUs in the category and six of the top 10 turning items. Our growth has been driven by strong execution on key fundamentals; distribution gains, baseline gains, investment in our brands, and innovation.  Let’s start with distribution, I know there is a lot of attention right now on SKU reduction by retailers. Cereal distribution has held up well. Overall points of distribution are basically flat for the category over the last nine months. And we are seeing more facings of bigger brands which makes it easier for consumers to shop the aisle and improves productivity for our retail partners.  Big G is benefiting from both additional facings of our products and an overall increase in the number of Big G items carried by retailers. Our points of distribution are up 3% year to date in measured channels. Even though we’re increasing distribution we are still under indexed compared to our market share which represents a clear growth opportunity.  Our growth is being driven by everyday demand for our products, not price promotions. On a case rate basis our merchandising spending has been declining for several years and will be down a bit again in 2010. Its our baseline sales that are driving growth. Baseline sales have increased in each of the past two years and are up 3% for the first nine months of fiscal 2010. These sales are the most profitable for us and for our retail partners and strong baselines are one of the best indications of the health of our brands. We are keeping our brands healthy by investing to tell consumers about the benefits our products deliver. With our current advertising and media estimate for 2010 we expect spending to increase at a double-digit rate for the most recent two years and we aren’t seeing a slowdown on the returns we’re able to get for this increased investment. And our growth has been well balanced. We’re adding new items that deliver unique benefits and bring excitement to the category, just as we’re focused on growing our established products. And our investment based approach to how we manage our margins is allowing us to generate significant resources to invest in our brands and fuel continued growth.  Let me give you a few examples of each of these factors. Cheerios is the largest franchise in the US with 13% of category retail sales in Nielsen measured outlets. You might think that in the 69 years since we launched [Cherrioats] that we’ve introduced all the good extensions of this terrific brand.  But the success of our recent introductions tells a different story. Banana Nut Cheerios, which we launched in January of 2009 had year one retail sales of $50 million across all channels. It was the biggest item launch in the category in calendar 2009. And Chocolate Cheerios launched this January is off to a tremendous start.  During February it generated almost 1% of total category sales. We’re estimating annual year one retail sales of $75 million across all outlets. Sales for the first two months are ahead of the introductory pace of any other cereal we’ve launched in the past decade.  We’ve also got good news in innovation on Wheaties, our oldest cereal brand. Wheaties Fuel hit store shelves in January and results so far are very encouraging. Its been our largest cereal launch outside the Cheerios franchise in the last nine years and soon you’ll see new packaging in store on original Wheaties featuring three Vancouver champions; Alpine Skier Lindsey Vonn, Snowboarding sensation Shaun White, and two-time Snowboard Cross winner Seth Wescott.  Innovation on established products is also important to our growth. We’re focused on efforts on consumer groups that will drive future category growth; boomers, kids, and multicultural consumers. This slide highlights examples of our boomer focused efforts. Boomers are not willing to sacrifice taste for health benefits.  Honey Nut Cheerios combines heart health benefits with great taste. It’s the number on selling cereal in the US. Fiber One proves that high fiber can taste good and it’s the category leader in fiber, three times bigger than its nearest competitor. And MultiGrain Cheerios offers the benefit of weight management in a great tasting cereal. Retail sales for MultiGrain have more than doubled in the past two years to more than $130 million across all outlets.  Innovation is also driving growth for our kid cereals. All of our kid cereals rank as good sources of calcium and vitamin D and have at least eight grams of whole grain per serving. Moms like this, but kids like the taste and the fun that we add to our products. For example, sales of Trix are up 10% so far this year driven by the addition of Swirls.  And baseline sales are up more than 20%. Baseline increases are the key growth driver for Lucky Charms and Cinnamon Toast Crunch as well. Multicultural consumers, particularly Hispanic consumers, are another focus for us. More than half of the US population growth over the next five years is projected to be Hispanic.  Our advertising spending targeted to Hispanic consumers has more than doubled in the last two years. Results have been very encouraging. For example, retail sales with Hispanic consumers are up 6% on Honey Nut Cheerios, and more than 20% on Cinnamon Toast Crunch and Fiber One. Our innovation focus also includes holistic margin management.  One example is our recent work with Rice Chex. We wanted to free up funds to communicate gluten-free news and increase advertising during the seasonal Chex Mix holiday period. Our team identified the cost to transport rice to our plants as a savings opportunity. Together the team worked to find a new source of rice closer to the plant, that delivered the same quality product for consumers that significantly reduced transportation costs.  Our savings allowed us to increase advertising spending on Chex including a doubling of our digital media spending. That contributed to retail sales growth of 7% through the first nine months of 2010. Over the past 25 years, General Mills has grown our share of total ready to eat cereal sales by an average of 30 basis points a year.  Going forward our goal is to continue to lead category growth resulting in further share improvements over time. And we’ll do that by using HMM fueled continued investment in our leading brands and by innovating across our portfolio growing established products and introducing new items that deliver meaningful consumer benefits.  As we look to the future demographic trends continue to favor annual cereal consumption growth. It’s a great category that will thrive on healthy competition, and innovation from all players. We have a lot of confidence that cereal will remain a growth category for retailers and for General Mills.  With that I’ll turn it over to Ken for operating highlights on the rest of our portfolio.
Ken Powell : Thanks a lot Jeff, Big G led our growth this year, but we’ve seen good performance from the rest of our businesses as well. So I’ll share a brief review of each of our operating segments beginning with US Retail.  In total year to date sales for this segment are up 4%. As you can see on slide 39 most of our divisions are growing at or above that rate with two exceptions. Baking sales through nine months were up 1%, lapping very strong pricing in the year ago period. And Meals sales matched last year’s levels as disappointing soup sales offset gains on other meals items including particularly strong growth on Old El Paso Mexican products.  As we look to the fourth quarter we’ll continue to build momentum on the products we’ve launched this year, especially our January launches of Chocolate Cheerios, Wheaties Fuel, Yoplait Greek Style Yogurt Simply [Gogurt], and Dark Chocolate Nature Valley Granola Bars.  We’ll bring some excitement to our categories with two in-store events. In March we have a spring savings event that will offer savings on items across our portfolio as well as product sampling and recipe books. And in April and May we’re partnering with the new Shrek Forever After movie with in-store displays, coupons, sampling and in pack premiums. We’re increasingly turning our attention to fiscal 2011 and have strong marketing support in place to keep our momentum going into next year. Our advertising and media support will be up in the fourth quarter for US Retail. So we expect good sales growth for this business segment in the fourth quarter on a comparable [week] basis.  For the year in total targeting low single-digit sales growth and high single-digit operating profit growth as reported. And as we look to 2011 and beyond we expect continued good performance for our US Retail business. Turning to Bakeries and Foodservice our work over the last few years to position our business for profitable growth continues to pay off. We’re focused on those channels that are the most resilient and offer attractive growth opportunities for our branded products.  And our direct sales team are bringing valuable capabilities to these channels resulting in increased distribution and growing market share for our products. Slide 42 shows year to date net sales results for our key channels and brands. The operating environment remains challenging but we’re outperforming Foodservice and convenience store industry trends.  Through nine months General Mills’ sales to Foodservice distributors were down just 1% and sales to convenience stores were up 6%. Sales in these channels accelerated in the third quarter with Foodservice channel sales growing 2% and sales to convenience stores increasing by 9%. And our consumer branded products are leading our growth.  Cereal sales are up 3% year to date, sales of yogurt grew 4% and snack sales increased 9%. Our focus in the fourth quarter is supporting the successful new items we’ve launched this year, like the Mini Pancakes, and Yoplait ParfaitPro we introduced with Foodservice distributors. And our sales teams will continue to go after opportunities to expand our distribution.  I’m very encouraged by our Bakeries and Foodservice margin performance. Our operating margin is up significantly year to date and for the year in total we’ll achieve a double-digit margin. We feel these 2010 results reflect a new base for this segment and we’ll work to grow from this point going forward.  International segment sales have grown 4% on a constant currency basis through nine months. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange year to date sales were up in all of our international regions. Canada is leading our growth with a 7% increase in constant currency net sales. We continue to drive growth in our categories gaining share in both cereal and grain snacks.  Asia Pacific sales grew 7% as well driven by good performance by Haagen-Dazs and Wanchai Ferry in China. Sales in Europe are up 2% year to date after a strong increase in the third quarter driven by Old El Paso Mexican products and Nature Valley granola bars in the UK. And Latin America sales were up modestly despite the loss of sales from businesses divested last year.  We invested strong levels of consumer marketing in the third quarter and are projecting a double-digit increase for the fourth quarter as well. The conditions in economies around the globe are still a bit of a mixed bag and I think its too early to point to any significant recovery. We’ll stay focused on growing our global brands and accelerating growth in emerging markets, particularly China.  For 2010 in total we continue to expect mid single-digit growth in International segment sales and double-digit operating profit growth on a constant currency basis. Our cereal partners worldwide joint venture is performing well and we continue to gain share in aggregate across the markets where we compete. Constant currency sales are up 5% through the first nine months. Category growth has been fairly strong in Australia, Asia, and Latin America. Category sales were up in Spain over the last 52 weeks but cereal sales in much of Southwest Europe remain soft. Going forward we’re increasing our marketing efforts to drive growth across our core brands.  Now for General Mills as a whole, as we look to the fourth quarter let me remind you that we’re lapping an extra week in 2009. That week added six points to our sales growth in the fourth quarter last year and the earnings contribution was about $0.07 per share before incremental investments we made in consumer marketing.  The fourth quarter last year was also the period where we began to see lower input costs so we’re beginning to lap reduced inflation levels. These factors will restrain reported results for the final quarter. We expect to deliver good sales and operating profit performance on a comparable weeks basis.  And as we move into the final quarter our plans include strong levels of marketing reinvestment and targeted merchandising initiatives designed to fuel continuing growth for our brands into next year. We’re on track to deliver excellent performance in 2010. Earnings per share of $4.57 to $4.59 excluding certain items effecting comparability would represent 15% growth from 2009, ahead of our long-term model and well above our original expectations for this year. As we look forward to fiscal 2011 we will be building on a solid foundation. Our market categories are growing. Our brand positions are strong and we have a full lineup of product news and innovation planned for the new year. Most important, we’re running on a strong and sustainable business model and this gives us confidence in our prospects for continuing growth.  As a reminder, we’ll outline specific plans for 2011 at the end of June. We’ll hold a conference call to share fourth quarter results on Tuesday, June 29. And then we will host an investor event in Minneapolis later that week. We’ll issue more information on that event soon and I hope many of you can join us.  So with that, let’s move to your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Terry Bivens – JPMorgan
Terry Bivens – JPMorgan: Couple of quick questions on the interface with retailers, one of the things we hear is that a certain I guess large retailer down south is contemplating some pretty aggressive pricing action and I wanted to ask you if you’ve seen that. I know you don’t like to talk about specific customers, but more of a broad question, are you seeing any pressure to take your pricing down. 
Ken Powell: Well as you’ve said we never comment prospectively on our pricing. I think what I will say is we still haven’t reached the end of the year but as we look to next year we do expect to see some return to an increase in input inflation and clearly that’s going to be factored as we all plan for next year. 
Terry Bivens – JPMorgan: And then again there seems to have been a move I think perhaps too far by some retailers to streamline their SKU count and its our understanding that certainly in a couple of cases you are actually getting some space back particularly in the cereal aisle. Maybe if I could get Jeff to comment on that. 
Jeff Harmening : Well cereal is a very important category for our customers and they realize the importance of it and so as we look at the cereal category specifically we haven’t seen any decrease in distribution for the category as a whole and in fact what we are seeing are an increase in facings on the biggest brands because they really help drive the growth for our retailers and make it easier for consumers to shop and we feel great about our prospects in that environment because we have a lot of the top turning SKUs in the category. So we’re seeing increased distribution but also increased facings in addition to the number of items. So for us we really don’t see SKU reduction by retailers having been, its really not been a negative factor in the category performance. 
Ken Powell : I would just add that [inaudible] to cereal but I would say those comments are generally applicable across our portfolio. Just look at our distribution, it has been consistently up 2% and 3% over the past really 12 to 24 months. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: I wanted to ask about just the trade off from promotional in terms of promotional spending, rather you do it more from consumer marketing versus trade. I think some of your peers have started to shift those dollars more into trade and your numbers still do suggest a much heavier focus on the marketing side but you did hint at some expectations for higher merchandising spending in the fourth quarter and I know that HMM allows you to do some of both but I’d just be curious to get your perspective on how you think about the trade off between the shorter term pop that you might get from higher trade spending versus the more sustainable longer term benefits from focusing more on higher consumer marketing spending. 
Ken Powell : I think you’ve partly answered the question, our primary focus is on building baselines and we build baselines through effective advertising and sampling and the kind of innovation that really drives fundamental and sustainable category growth and you saw that again this quarter with very significant increases and effective increases in marketing support. Not only in the US but a very strong increases in our international markets as well. So really the focus of the organization continues to be on very high quality, baseline driven top line growth. As we’ve said as we look at the competitive environment and monitor what’s going on from a merchandising standpoint we do want to be competitive and so as we’ve said in selected categories we have increased some merchandising there to remain competitive. Its selective. Its tactical. And designed really to just keep us competitive.
Jeff Harmening : I would add just a couple of points on the merchandising, its more about the frequency that we’re in the market as opposed to the depth as well, that’s an important note to make. The other is that on the advertising side as we’ve been saying for the past year we have kept our new product pipeline very robust and so much of that advertising is against new product launches which have been very successful more broadly and I think that’s a differentiator of our activity in the marketplace versus the broader market. 
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: When you were talking about the increase in inventory you mentioned that part of it was due to some sales weakness in certain parts of the business, were you referring only to soup, or was there anything else that might have caught you by surprise in the quarter. 
Don Mulligan : We mentioned soup and Green Giant shelf stable vegetables, were probably the two primary one. But again the inventory, that was a piece of it, but we also have seen increase in grain prices and we’re also prepping for some [merch] that we had planned this month that we build inventory for last month and so we’re starting to see that pull through.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer – UBS
David Palmer – UBS: When we look at the data for just even the measured channels and it seems like this is also true on some of the non-measured retailers, these retailer brands are and overall packaged food losing share now. I was wondering as a leader in the space what’s the lesson here of this last year about what’s going on with regard to brands versus the retailer brands. Is this one of those sort of short lived blips and you see this kind of turning in a few months time where retailer brands start to get to easier comparisons and they get momentum again and what are some of the reasons for the ebb and flow on these shares.
Ken Powell : I think you’re right, we are seeing that growth moderate, and just to give you some perspective over the last year, the last 52 weeks, retailer brands in aggregate in our categories were up a share point. The last quarter they’ve been up about 20 basis points and then in February I think as you just alluded to they were down slightly and you heard Jeff Harmening just comment that there’s a slight decline as well in cereal.  And so I think part of it may be explained by a consumer who’s a little bit more confident. We wouldn’t say we’re out of the woods yet but we are seeing some, we think that is a sign of some increase in consumer confidence. On the restaurant, the food away from home, just as another data point we still see food away from home sales declining but at a rate that’s moderating. And so maybe we’re seeing a few signs there that the consumer is a little bit more confident. And so I think it could be a sign of improving confidence and for our part we’ve had very strong innovation on our business and so that’s driving good performance in cereal for example where we’re up and we’re starting to see some private label decline. So I think it’s at least in part a combination of confidence and also good competitive response by branded competitors in many of the categories. 
David Palmer – UBS: Its interesting about what you said about the food away from home we’re seeing that too with February and March doing a lot better on food away from home but it also, when I talk to industry folks in packaged food space in CPG, they’re seeing a little bit better traction on that side in February and March particularly versus a rough January. I wonder if we often think about the give and take between these two channels and maybe the consumer environment feeling a little bit better would be better for multiple channels. Any thoughts on that. 
Ken Powell : I think that could well be the case although I would say we’re in the very early stages of the recovery and this is sort of a case of I think two or three swallows not making a spring, but we are encouraged by the moderating trends in food away from home and we think we’re going to continue to have great opportunities in our categories in the grocery store. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: I guess my question is on the $48 million charge or however you want to clarify it in cost of goods, can you just help me understand that a little better, is that a kind of a year to date catch up on the change in how you’re capitalizing these repairs or is this going forward its going to be a similar level of charges, just help me with that. 
Don Mulligan : This change in the capitalization threshold has been on our radar screen all year. We’ve been working on upgrade to our parts management system in the plant, that gave us information that we needed to set the threshold at the right level. As background, up until this change we had capitalized all spare parts regardless of the individual cost, they were then expensed when they were put into service.  We’ve now changed that capitalization rate to $500 so any item that is less than that is expensed when purchased. And our reason for doing this is just it really does help enhance what is already a strong capital discipline at our plants and we think it puts the right balance if you will between the P&L, the balance sheet management in our operating plants.  And so what you saw in the quarter was the charge to the P&L of all the current inventory less than $500. 
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: So basically to break it down because I’m just a simple guy, if somebody buys a hammer before you would have taken, you would have capitalized it and now you’re expensing it.
Don Mulligan : If you buy a replacement part for a machine that is less than $500 we would have capitalized that, otherwise or inventoried it, and then when it was actually put into service in the machine in the line, we would have expensed it then. Now we’re saying is as soon as you buy that piece whether you put it in service or put it on the shelf, you expense it. 
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: So the $48 million is basically a catch up of what the inventory you had and now going forward its going to be the less than $500 rule applies. 
Don Mulligan : Correct. 
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: So it seems to me that that $48 million is kind of a one-time item and its about Chris told me earlier its about $0.09 a share. 
Don Mulligan :  Yes. Just to clarify we view this move similar to restructuring to put it pretty broadly in terms of changes that we make in our practices to better position ourselves going forward and again this is one where we believe that it enhances what is already a strong capital discipline in the plants which is the reason we include it in our earnings as we do our restructuring.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: And then can you just, you made some comments about the deflationary benefits to gross margins starting to anniversary in the fiscal fourth quarter and I’m just kind of wondering one, can you talk either broadly or specifically year to date in terms of your gross margin expansion, how much has been the result of lower inputs and then does the extra week kind of play into how we should view the fourth quarter of gross margin change as well. 
Ken Powell : That’s a good detailed question and Don is happily going to attempt to answer, just to clarify a few things, we didn’t see deflation in Q4 last year, we just saw a decelerating inflation in Q4. Year to date fiscal F10 we have seen deflation. If you look at our COGS year over year on a year to date basis which is the best way to look at it, it is down from last year.  About half of that decline is due to mark-to-market which as you know runs through COGS. About 40% is due to rate mix which is a combination of both, we saw the bit of deflation we’ve seen in the strong HMM activities we have in play and the remaining piece about 10% is due to the divested businesses.  As we look at Q4 the extra week is not going to have a material impact on our margin percentage. What’s going to impact the margin percentage more is the fact that we’re rolling over a quarter where we had a 500 basis point margin expansion because it was the first quarter we started to see the deceleration of our COGS inflation. 
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: So can you just kind of frame, is the, if you’ve been running I don’t know what its been like let’s call it 400 basis points of gross margin improvement year to date, is the, if roughly let’s call it 20% or something is due to the inflation does that completely go away or do you still get some benefits year over year.  
Don Mulligan : For the full year we’re still expecting, we’re not expecting inflation for the full year so we think it will be relatively, as we go into Q4 we don’t expect inflation to be a material factor but we will continue to see the impact of HMM and I think the comparison to do in terms of year to date versus last year I guess what I would keep in mind is year to date we’ve been running as you were saying 400 plus basis points better than a year ago.  We’re starting to lap a quarter where we saw 500 plus basis point expansion. So you kind of draw the line on those and you get a pretty good understanding of where the quarter will end. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital 
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital : I guess just two things, one any way to get a sense of what the year over year shift was in sort of promotional spending as it would impact the top line. I know obviously overall pricing or overall price mix was positive and I’m just trying to get a sense of how much even directionally was netted against that in terms of year over year change in promotional spend. 
Ken Powell : We’re giving each other puzzled looks. Maybe you could clarify the question. 
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital : You used to break out the year over year shift in promotional spend as it was netted against the top line, just to get a sense of what the trade spend either increase or decrease was year over year and I know you don’t break that out specifically any more and a lot of food companies don’t but I’m trying to get a sense of whether that was a meaningful change one way or the other to the top line on a year over year basis. 
Don Mulligan : The way I would answer that is that last year I think our trade spend was a little bit more loaded to the front part of the year. I guess as background one of the things that we have been doing very practically over the last couple of years is try to smooth our trade spend out so its not as front loaded than it has historically been, last year it was still a little bit more front loaded than back loaded. This year its probably a little bit reversed so it will be a little heavier in the back half. If you think of our total spend and where it will fall, but we’re talking about percentage points not 10 or 15 percentage point swings. So I hope that answers your question.
Ken Powell : Maybe the other bit of perspective is that we do expect for 2010 our all in cost per case on trade spend, it will be a little bit higher than 2009, but it will still be less than 2008 so we’re talking about pretty modest moves here. 
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital : On that one slide that Jeff was talking about in terms of the top 10 fastest turning cereals, its an interesting slide, its pretty fascinating to me and obviously Cheerios SKUs are the top five, top six out of or six out of the top seven, and I’m just trying to get a sense of if we were to look at that sort of statistic maybe a couple of years ago, is it typical that you’ve got that many SKUs of one brand in the top 10, is that a more recent phenomenon having to do with just people shifting to more of an all family brand. Because what I’m getting at is, I’m trying to get a sense of the sustainability because the growth obviously in that franchise in Cheerios has been great and that’s really profitable within the context of a really profitable category. So that’s sort of what’s behind the question. 
Jeff Harmening : If you look, a couple of years ago you would have seen yellow box Cheerios, Honey Nut Cheerios still at the top of the turns ranking and so that has not changed over time, in fact, Honey Nut Cheerios in particular has been growing rapidly among a lot of different demographics which is the reason why it’s the number one cereal in the entire category now.  What we didn’t show but what has changed to the positive for us over the past couple of years is that we have brands like Cinnamon Toast Crunch, if I would have listed the top 15 you would have seen Cinnamon Toast Crunch where you wouldn’t have seen that a couple of years ago. If I would have listed the top 25, you probably would have seen Lucky Charms and then you probably wouldn’t have seen that a couple of years ago.  You would have seen, if I listed a few more of the top SKUs you would have seen Fiber One and MultiGrain Cheerios turning in a top third of the category and so while Honey Nut and yellow box have certainly stayed the same and we think its more than sustainable what we’re very pleased with is that some of our other big equities, we’ve really generated turns increases on those and it made those more productive and its being noted by our retail partners as well as they look to allocate shelf space and its really part of our strategy in growing our core businesses. 
Ken Powell : Something that I would add to that is are some comments that Jeff made in his presentation on the broader dynamics that are going on in the category right now. It really is for as big as the category is and as well developed in the US there are really many trends that are favoring the continued development of the cereal category right now.  People are eating at home more. The boomer demographic segment, as we all, as more and more 50 plus, that is clearly driving some nice increases in cereal consumption and penetration and that’s a trend that’s going to be with us for a while. So overall as we look at the category right now we see it as having very healthy dynamics and of course as you just heard from Jeff, we’re very well positioned from a brand standpoint to capitalize on all segments of this nicely growing category. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: You had some transactional expense or hedging costs in the quarter and I remember that I think it was almost a year ago, to the next quarter, that you called out what it would be for the year, can you just remind us how much of that rolls off and as we look at it where rates are now how much of that will you get back in the coming quarters once you lap it. 
Don Mulligan : We started the year with we estimate about a $0.15 drag from foreign exchange, the majority of which was transaction, the majority of that which was hedged. As the year has unfolded that position the translation piece has improved. It was probably down to a $0.11 or $0.12 drag before Venezuela came along and added a couple of cents back.  So we’re kind of in the same ballpark we were when we started the year, maybe a penny or two better. And those hedges were put on for our fiscal year. We will give guidance in terms of FOREX impact next year when we release our overall guidance in July. 
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Was there any positive impact from all the blizzards and so forth on the east coast in February, maybe you’re seeing March, can you just help us understand if there was any impact there. 
Ken Powell : I’m not aware of any impact really. Our categories, the penetration is so deep and consumers are in the grocery store so frequently, really on a weekly basis to consume our products that any blip that you might have seen over a one or two day period, they would have recovered those purchases very quickly so that really hasn’t been a factor. 
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: I was thinking more the other way, I just remember reading about lots of empty shelves during those multiple weeks where there was really terrible weather. So I thought maybe it would be positive. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: You discussed alternative channel growth for cereal can you talk about any notable growth in alternative channels for other categories. 
Ken Powell : I think at last quarter’s conversation, we discussed non-measured channel growth for all of our major categories and I’m just remembering what that slide said but what it said is we’re seeing very good growth across all of our categories in those non-measured channels, not just cereal and we have a very, everyone thinks of the big mass market channels that we’re all very well aware of and obviously we work very hard on our relationship there and to make sure we’re aligned with those strategies. But I would also tell you that we’re very, very focused on all those channels. We have very close partnership with the Club Stores. We see the Dollar channel as clearly a rapidly growing channel with very good opportunities for parts of our portfolio. We see other mass marketers increasing their focus on food and we think that that will be advantageous to us and so you’re really talking about nearly 40% of the sort of retail universe right now with a variety of shapes and formats and we’re focused on all of them very intently. I forgot to mention drugstores who are emerging now as an interesting growth opportunity for us. So there’s lots of opportunity there and we see good growth across our portfolio in those alternative or unmeasured channels. And we see many sustainable growth opportunities there. 
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: But no specific categories you are seeing notable growth that we should be aware of. 
Ken Powell : No, its good solid growth across the portfolio. 
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Are there any categories or products that General Mills has yet to focus on in the last couple of years that we could expect to see more energy put forth for 2010, 2011, maybe some more subtle products. 
Ken Powell : Well I’d comment this way, we’re always, we seek to find product innovation and marketing messages that will allow us to increase consumer interest in our categories and drive growth. Recently over the last year for example we have a very robust Mexican food business under the Old El Paso brand. And we’ve advertized that during select periods of the year, during the last two or three years, but we’re finding marketing messages that resonate better with consumers and so we’re accelerating our investment in that category now as an example and we think that that’s a very good growth category.  Another area is, another category where we’ve been experimenting with advertising is frozen vegetables, the Green Giant brand. Where again we’ve been experimenting with advertising, we have some very good messages now on the frozen being as good as fresh and the benefits and values of that category and we’re finding that advertising coupled with some very good innovation like for instance our steamers product which we launched last year which is a microwave in the bag vegetable product which has become a very big business for us.  So nice innovation combined with what we think are some really good advertising messages are allowing us to steadily increase our investment in that category. So those would be a couple that would come to mind. 
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: When you think about 2011 are you going to exclude or include the $0.09, I just didn’t understand which way you were talking about it when we think about your growth algorithm. 
Don Mulligan : We will include the $0.09, the spare parts you’re talking about, that is part of our underlying EPS. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: We’ve had several quarters, a couple of quarters now at least where your pound volume has not been all that exciting but you’ve had strong unit growth and I guess I’d just like to get a better sense of how the pound volume being dragged down by maybe a little weaker performance in soup, I guess also canned vegetables, can you speak to that relationship perhaps in the quarter and maybe even year to date as well. 
Don Mulligan : As we alluded to some of the products that have performed below our expectations especially more recently with soup and canned vegetables, you can imagine those are pretty heavy products, conversely we’ve had very strong performance in cereal as Jeff took us through today, a lighter product.  So we do see some favorable mix pound to price mix in that trade off and so that’s an example of some of the shift or differences that we’re seeing. 
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: Is it possible to say how much maybe that was a weight on volume this quarter by chance. I know you make it up in the form though to be fair, correct. 
Don Mulligan : Its kept in our mix number for the quarter. 
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: So perhaps revenue growth this quarter was a better metric to look at because of what constituted the volume. 
Don Mulligan : Absolutely.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: The last couple of quarters you’ve been able to give a little bit more of a detailed breakdown of the gross margin, you’ve had just an outsized improvement in gross margin this quarter. It was even better than the last couple and, when you back out the charge, I was just curious if you can give a little bit more color on how the mix or the unit volumes, how those, maybe the lower input costs, how that’s all helping the gross margin this quarter. 
Don Mulligan : I’d say its quite similar to what we’ve had in the previous two quarters, even three quarters if you go back to Q4 of last year. Very strong HMM, a little bit in this fiscal year, a little bit of deflation that’s helping and then again excluding any mark-to-market swings but those are the primary factors.  Obviously as the year has unfolded we’ve had less of a price benefit. We saw it more last year as we fully lap any pricing action we took last year. But actually the mix has been pretty consistent across the quarters. 
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: Just a little bit more detail on the international profits this quarter, by our kind of quick back of the envelope math if you exclude the Venezuela charge and the divestitures, profits would have been up in the quarter, is that the right way to say it. 
Don Mulligan : Yes. 
Kris Wenker: Thanks everybody, if you have follow-ups give us a shout.

===== 2010 Q2  (2009-12-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kris Wenker - Vice President Investor Relations Ken Powell – CEO Don Mulligan – CFO Jeff Rotsch - Executive Vice President and Head of Worldwide Sales Organization
Analysts: Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets David Palmer – UBS Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets Todd Gravett – Bank of America Terry Bivens – JP Morgan
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to the General Mills Second Quarter Fiscal 2010 Results Conference Call. I would like now to turn the conference over to Kris Wenker, Vice President Investor Relations.
Kris Wenker: I’m here with Ken Powell our CEO, Don Mulligan our CFO, and Jeff Rotsch who is the Executive Vice President and Head of our Worldwide Sales Organization. I’m going to turn the microphone over to them in just a minute. Before I dive into my usual housekeeping items let me first thank you very much for joining us on this call and for your interest in General Mills, we do appreciate it. I also wish all of your a wonderful holiday season. Our press release on second quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It’s also posted on our website if you still need a copy. We posted slides on the website too; they support the prepared remarks we’re going to make this morning. Those remarks will include forward looking statements based on management’s current views and assumptions. The second slide in today’s presentation lists the factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. With all that I’ll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Don.
Don Mulligan: As you’ve seen from our financial results we released this morning, General Mills resilient portfolio of leading brands continues to deliver strong growth. I’d summarize today’s key points this way. First, our sales continued to grow, even as we lapped robust par year increases. Sales growth in the first half was ahead of our plan, led by good gains in our US Retail segment. Our margins improved in the second quarter driven by a number of factors including lower input costs, good performance at our plants, and continued holistic margin management or HMM benefits. We’re adding $0.12 to our EPS guidance bringing the range to $4.52 to $4.57 per share before any mark to market effects. This represents growth of 14% to 15% from comparable earnings of $3.98 per share in fiscal 2009. As we move into the second half of fiscal 2010 we’re making additional investments in marketing and merchandising programs to fuel continued growth of our brand this year and into fiscal 2011. We’ve announced a second increase to our 2010 dividend. The new quarterly rate of $0.49 per share brings our 2010 expected dividend per share to $1.92, a 12% increase from last year. Slide five summarizes our second quarter results. Net sales grew 2% on top of 8% sales growth last year. Segment operating profit grew 13% including a double digit increase in media spending. Net earnings totaled $566 million and diluted earnings per share increased to $1.66. These results include a net gain related to mark to market valuation of certain commodity positions in grain inventories. That non-cash gain totaled $0.12 per share this quarter; significantly better then the $0.49 reduction of EPS recorded in the year ago period. Excluding the mark to market impact from both years, as well as the gain on the sale of Pop Secret in last year’s second quarter, diluted earnings per share grew 13% to $1.54. Our top line performance was a key driver of this growth. Slide six summarizes net sales by segment on an as reported basis. US Retail sales rose 4% on top of 10% growth in the same period last year. International sales grew 7% as reported. Growth here was helped by favorable foreign exchange, the price realization mix also contributed to this sales increase. Our Foodservice segment reported a 16% decline in net sales but that includes the impact of divestitures and nix pricing tied to wheat markets that are currently below year ago levels. Underlying performance in this business segment was actually quite strong, well ahead of industry trends. Ken will talk more about that in a few minutes. Slide seven shows Pound Volume contribution to net sales growth with the impact of divested product lines noted below the chart. On a reported basis, pound volume contribution to net sales was flat with divested products reducing growth by two points. Pound volume for the US Retail segment was up 2%. Pound volume for international was flat but that includes a two point reduction from divested businesses. Divested businesses significantly reduced volume in our Bakeries & Foodservice segment. Pound volume was down just a few points on a comparable basis, again, ahead of overall industry trends. Gross margin recovery contributed significantly to our second quarter results. Our gross margin as reported was 42.8%. As you see on slide eight, that’s up sharply from last year. When input cost inflation and mark to market effect significantly depressed our margin. Excluding mark to market effects, our gross margin was 41.2% for the quarter compared to just over 37% a year ago. Several factors are contributing to this underlying margin improvement. Our commodity and fuel costs were below year ago levels in the quarter.  We started this fiscal year with an assumption of very low inflation in our supply chain input costs. However, we’ve been able to hold costs below our plan levels through the first half. We no longer expect to see input cost inflation for the fiscal year in total. We’re running more cases through our plants which creates volume leverage benefits. Our mix continues to be favorable and our HMM efforts are generating a cumulating benefit with good productivity savings from logistics in particular during the second quarter. We continue to reinvest funds generated by gross margin improvement to drive top line growth. Our media spending was up 37% in the second quarter was we continued to target a double digit increase for the year in total. We’re focusing our spending on high ROI ideas with particular emphasis on multi-cultural consumers and digital marketing. We’re investing strong in international markets to build our global brands. Slide 10 shows our segment operating profit results for the quarter. Combined segment profits grew at a double digit rate reflecting good gains by both US Retail and Bakeries & Foodservice. International profits declined as reported but once again that’s a reflection of negative foreign exchange effects and divestitures. Excluding these factors, International operating profits would show a strong gain, including a double digit increase in consumer marketing spending. After tax earnings from joint ventures grew 15% to $38 million for the quarter. On a constant currency basis, sales for our CPW joint venture grew 4% and Haagen-Dazs Japan sales grew 1%. Before I shift to the balance sheet, let me quickly cover a few additional income statement items. Lower debt levels reduced interest expense by 8% for the period. We expect full year interest expense to be comparable to 2009 levels, consistent with our first quarter guidance. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 33.1% basically in line with the year ago level. We’ve modified our annual outlook slightly and now expect our tax rate for the year to be between 33.5% and 34%. In the second quarter, we recorded a $24 million non-cash charge for exiting some underperforming US Retail products. We’re still targeting $30 million of restructuring expense for the year in total. Turning to the balance sheet, on slide 13 you can see that our core working capital grew 7% in the quarter driven by a decline in accounts payable. That decline resulted from the timing of the quarter end with the Thanksgiving holiday. Accounts receivable and inventories were up roughly in line with sales growth. Cash from operations was up sharply through the first half to $987 million. We used some of our cash for capital investments to support our business and then prioritized returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Our average diluted shares outstanding were down 2% in the quarter and 3% for the first half. As I mentioned earlier, we’ve announced our second dividend increase for the year bringing the expected fiscal 2010 full year dividend to $1.92 per share, a 12% increase from 2009. That represents a yield of 2.8% at recent share prices which we think is pretty attractive given the interest rate environment. General Mills annual dividend has grown at strong rates over the last five years, as shown on slide 15. We paid dividends without interruption or reduction for 111 years and our goal is to continue increasing dividend as our earnings grow. We have an expanding track record of consistent superior earnings growth. Slide 16 shows our diluted earnings per share progress for the last five years. Adjusted for certain items that affect the comparability of our results. Our new fiscal 2010 guidance of $4.52 to $4.57 per share before any impact from mark to market effects represents a 14% to 15% increase from comparable 2009 results. The fundamentals of our business are strong and we’re delivering good performance in both the top and bottom line. We’re committed to driving continued gains focused on the five growth drivers that have been key contributors to our recent performance. One of those key strategies is partnering successfully with our customers. I’d now like to turn the microphone over to Jeff Rotsch who will describe our collaborating with retailers today.
Jeff Rotsch: I’m pleased to have this chance to talk with you about how we are partnering with our retail customers to lead profitable growth in food sales. Let me start with a little background on our sales force. We have nearly 2,000 sales professionals, some here at our headquarters, some in our region sales office and more than 600 that are part of our national retail organization. This last group is the people who are in stores every single day. When you consider that our US Retail segment generates over $10 billion in annual sales, we average out to around $5 million in sales per employee. It’s a very efficient group and an experienced one too. Our typical sales person has 11 years of service with General Mills. These folks have expertise in 25 categories across three temperature states; refrigerated, frozen, and shelf stable. With this breadth of products touching many areas of the stores, we have a significant impact on driving profitable growth for our retailers. Our retail partners are continually evolving. Ten years ago traditional grocery chains represented close to three quarters of our US Retail business. Today, they’re 60%. New formats for mass merchandisers to club stores, to dollars stores and drug stores, now account for 40% of our US Retail business. There’s a reason all these retailers carry food. It drives traffic into their stores. Slide 21 shows the number of annual shopping trips per household for a variety of consumer products. As you can see, consumers shop for food far more often then other categories shown. Food is also profitable. Slide 22 shows you that. Based on a recent study by Industry Consulting Group food products generate nearly $7.50 of profit per square foot in a typical grocery store. That’s more than twice the profit generated by our non-food categories. General Mills top ten categories are even more profitable, driving more than $8.00 of profit per square foot. Our customers want to work with us to increase growth in these key categories in the store. The categories we compete in lead sales growth for our retailers because they are large and on trend with consumer demand for taste, health, convenience, and value. Slide 23 summarizes retail sales for our largest categories in just measured channels alone. Each of our top 10 categories generates over $1 billion in annual sales and our brand hold significant dollar share positions within these categories, making us the number one or number two branded player in each of them. Our categories are also growing faster then average. Through the first half of the fiscal year, sales in the categories where we compete grew 3%. That’s really outpacing total food and beverage sales. It’s important to note that underlying this good sales growth is good solid volume growth. As shown on slide 25, our categories are posting steady growth in the number of units sold. Our businesses are also driving category growth across many retail channels. Slide 26 shows our deliveries measured in equivalent cases are growing in a variety of retail outlets through the first half of the fiscal year. While our volume in traditional grocery stores is growing at low single digit pace, our business in super centers, club stores, and discount drug and dollar stores is growing faster, up double digits. As a branded food leader we really need to support retailers and drive growth in three ways. First, we need to drive sales growth on our established products. These are the items that our consumers appreciate for their high quality and regularly put them on their shopping lists.  Second, we need to innovate to develop successful new products to meet changing consumer needs. We’ve had some great wins this past year with Macaroni Grill dinner kits, Pillsbury Savorings frozen appetizers, and Yoplait Delights yogurt parfait. We’ve also introduced new varieties of existing products like high fiber Progresso Soup and Banana Nut Cheerios which is a best selling new cereal introduced in calendar 2009. Third, we need to invest behind our established and new products with strong levels of advertising support. Advertising increases brand awareness and communicates news on our products which ultimately drives traffic into our stores. Our sales people leverage our products and advertising to increase merchandising and product distribution. Our national retail organization that I mentioned earlier works directly in our customer stores, ensuring they have the right product selection on the shelves and the right products merchandize in order to optimize sales. We also have a broad portfolio of tools and capabilities. We provide category and shopper insights to retailers through tools like our Virtual Store where we can simulate the shopping experience with a variety of shelf arrangements. Our Shopper 360 tool is an in depth survey we conduct to identify how and where different types of consumer shop. These tools help our customers better understand their shoppers and determine the most effective product selection and store configuration. Our promotion and pricing analytics determine the best merchandising strategies to attract consumers and we have some great merchandising platforms such as Box Tops for Education and our tie in to the popular TV show The Biggest Loser. These capabilities combined with strong brand building advertising and new product innovation are how our customers really drive profitable growth. As we bring news to our categories and invest behind our brands we’re driving baseline or our non-promoted sales growth. The most profitable products for retailers are the ones that sell for full price. We are the industry leaders with a 12% share of baseline food sales and our baselines have been growing around 2% in the last 12 months, well outpacing total food and beverage categories as well as the other top 10 branded manufacturers. When it comes to merchandising we have been very disciplined in our promotional spending. As a result, we’ve been able to decrease trade cost per case in each of the past four years. We entered this year with a goal to hold our trade cost per case flat to last year, but as you know promotional activity has been increasing in the industry. As we look out in the second half we see a few product lines where we’re going to need to increase our merchandising activity in order to protect market share. As a result, we now expect our overall trade cost per case will be up modestly over last year but will still be below rates from two years ago. Our sales capabilities have been particularly valuable lately as retailers have increased their emphasis on store brands and SKU rationalization efforts. Despite these retailer actions we’ve actually increased our distribution as we’ve introduced successful new products and have held distribution on our established brands. Over the last 52 weeks our total points of distribution are up nearly 2% and we’re the only top 10 branded manufacturer to post distribution growth, as shown on slide 32. We’re also a growth leader for our customers. General Mills accounts for more than 3% of total food and beverage sales in Nielsen measured channels. The latest 52 weeks we’ve generated more than 4% of industry sales growth, well ahead of the majority of the top 10 branded food manufacturers. We’ve also been getting positive feedback from our customers on the strength of our brands and our sales force. In the annual Cannondale survey retailers rated General Mills number four among our peers. More importantly, we’ve seen strong improvement in our composite score; it’s up five points over the last two years. This Cannondale survey asked retailers to evaluate manufacturers on eight different criteria. One of the questions they ask is: “Which manufacturer offers the best combination of growth and profitability?” We are very pleased to say that we are rated number on this measure this past year. We’ll be working to raise our scores on all of these metrics in the years ahead. I’m confident we can because we have great brands, great tools and capabilities, and I think have the best people to partner effectively with all our customers to grow both our businesses, our and theirs very effectively. With that let me turn it over to Ken Powell.
Ken Powell: Clearly the talent and the skills of our sales force are a competitive advantage for General Mills. As you’ve heard both Don and Jeff describe, our businesses are performing very well as we move into the second half of our fiscal year. Consumers are shopping our categories and appreciate the nutrition, the convenience and the value of our leading brands.  Our input costs are coming in a bit better than planned. We continue to reinvest in our businesses at increasing levels. Advertising spending was already planned to be up by double digits and we’re adding more. As Jeff described, we’re making some limited tactical increases in trade spending in response to heightened competitive activity. Foreign exchange is a bit less of a drag then we’d planned but it will continue to impact our reported results for the year. Remember that back in July we told you that roughly 85% of our FX headwind relates to transaction effects and we hedged some of this exposure for fiscal 2010. All in, the strength of our overall performance has allowed us to raise our earnings guidance for the full year. Our US Retail business is performing particularly well with sales up 5% through the first half of the year. That’s on top of 11% growth in the same period last year. Big G is leading US Retail with sales up 10%. Key baking season has been good for our Pillsbury and Baking division, driving 5% and 4% sales growth for those divisions respectively. Snacks and Yoplait are up 4%. Sale for Meals are up 1% year to date despite relatively tough comps. While Small Planet Food was down 4% reflecting soft organic food industry trends, our Cascadian Farm Cereals and Larabar line recorded good market share gains. This good net sales growth has been supported by good volume growth. Over the past year and a half we’ve seen above average price increases taken by food manufacturers to deal with sharp input cost inflation, then followed by little to no pricing in recent months. As slide 39 shows, we posted steady volume gains throughout this period. This good underlying volume performance has been a key to our results. We’ll work to keep our sales and volume momentum going with a variety of marketing events coming in the back half. Once again, General Mills is teamed up with The Biggest Loser on our Pound For Pound Challenge. For every pound consumers pledge to lose, we’ll donate enough money to deliver a pound of food to feeding America food banks. Totino’s a sponsor of the Winter Dew Tour of Action Sports. This April marks the 44th Pillsbury Back-Off, America’s longest running recipe contest. Shrek is back this spring in another movie and will tie in with a variety of products from cereals to snacks. We also have a good lineup of new product introductions planned. Wheaties Fuel will hit store shelves in January and so will Chocolate Cheerios, our latest addition to our best selling Cheerios franchise. Yoplait will be introducing a line of Greek Style Yogurt, and Nature Valley will be bringing chocolate to the line for the first time here in the US with a new Dark Chocolate Granola Bar. We also expect continued good contributions from many of our first half launches. Products like Yoplait Delights Yogurt, and Wanchai Ferry frozen entrees are exceeding our expectations and getting great consumer response. Moving into the second half we expect continued good growth for our US Retail segment. Our categories are growing. Our plans for the back half include additional new product innovation, consumer market and merchandising reinvestment. For the full year, we’re targeting low single digit net sales growth including the impact of one less selling week in fiscal 2010. We believe we’ll deliver operating profit growth well above our original plan. For our Bakeries & Foodservice segment, reported results certainly don’t tell the full story. Net sales decreased 16% in the first half but divestitures accounted for more than half of the decrease year to date. Index pricing tied to wheat markets drove most of the rest. The operating environment for this business segment is still challenging.  We remain focused on the customer channels and products that have the best opportunities for growth. As a result, our sales with Foodservice distributors were down only modestly in the first half. Our sales in convenience stores grew 4% as we gained distribution in this channel. In terms of our branded products, cereal sales matched year ago levels, sales for Yogurt are up 5% and snacks are up 7% through the first half. This very deliberate mix strategy of focusing on our branded products and the best channels is working. Over the past several years we’ve grown our operating profit for this segment and so far this year favorable mix including the absence of divested businesses, coupled with lower input costs and strong performance across our supply chain has driven significant margin expansion. I don’t think we’ll hold this strong case for the full year but we do expect to show good margin expansion for this segment in fiscal 2010. For the full year, we’ll maintain our strategy of focusing on our branded products and the customer segments with the best potential for growth. We still expect full year sales and volume to be below last year’s due to divestitures, lower index pricing and the continued weakness in the industry. However, earnings are now expected to exceed 2009 levels and longer term we still like our growth opportunities for the half trillion dollar US market for food away from home. Outside of the US our business in generating good growth. In total, International segment net sales were up 4% through the first half on a constant currency basis. Sales in Canada grew 10% excluding currency effects led by strong cereal performance. Grain snacks are also performing well. Sales in Europe matched prior year levels through the first half as increases in grain snacks and Old El Paso Mexican products were offset by slower sales for Haagen-Dazs Ice Cream.  In Latin America first half sales grew 2% with good performance on local brand such as La Saltena Pasta and Diablitos sandwich spread. That growth would be even stronger if you excluded the impact of divested businesses in this market. In the Asia/Pacific region sales were up 6% in the first half. Sales in China were particularly strong with solid contributions from Wanchai Ferry Dim Sum items and Haagen-Dazs moon cakes. Let me say a quick word also about our Cereal Partners Worldwide joint venture. Net sales here are up 3% through the first half on a constant currency basis. Economic challenges in Europe continue to have an impact on this business; however, we’re seeing good growth in France and other southwestern European markets. Australia and Mexico also are performing well. CPW remains focused on its core cereal brand and is supporting them with increasing marketing investment.  In addition, they continue to expand their reach in emerging markets such as Russia and Southeast Asia where they already hold solid share positions. We expect CPW to post volume and share gains for the full year and longer term we see continued category growth potential as per capita cereal consumption increases in worldwide markets. For our International operations in total, foreign exchange will continue to have a negative impact on our reported results but on a constant currency basis we continue to target mid single digit sales growth and double digit operating profit growth for the year. Let me summarize my comments this morning by saying that our business model continues to work very well. It starts with Holistic Margin Management, our unique discipline of leveraging productivity, mix and price to offset input cost inflation and protect our margins. Keeping our margins healthy allows us to invest increasing levels of consumer marketing to support our brands. You just heard Jeff describe how we’re leveraging our great brands and sales expertise to drive profitable growth for our customers. All these things combined are helping us fuel sales growth for our brands and our categories around the world. We’re beginning to turn our thoughts to fiscal 2011. Our additional advertising and merchandising investments are expected to fuel sales growth for the remainder of this year and provide momentum going into 2011. As we’ve told you before, we think the current operating environment represents a great time to innovate. We’re investing in new product development to keep our innovation pipeline full, and we’ve got a good lineup of new items coming next year. While input costs are currently favorable we don’t expect that to be a long term trend. We believe we’ll see renewed input cost inflation in fiscal 2011 and we expect inflationary pressure on ingredients and energy over the longer term. Its critical that we’ve got a great pipeline of HMM initiatives in place to help offset future inflation. In total, our brands and categories are performing well. They’ve proven to be resilient in the current economy and we expect their strong performance will continue as the economy improves. We see excellent prospects for continued top tier sales and earnings growth in the years ahead. You’ll hear more about our plans for the remainder of this year and for 2011 at several upcoming events. On January 8, Don Mulligan will host our Midyear Update in New York. Joining Don will be John Church, our Senior Vice President and Head of Supply Chain Operations. John will be talking about our HMM initiatives. Ian Friendly will give you an update on our brand building initiatives in US Retail. Then I’ll see you all at CAGNY for our breakfast and presentation on February 16. Then finally, please mark your calendars for an Analyst Day in Minneapolis in late June where we’ll outline our growth plans for fiscal 2011. We’ll be sending you more information on that event in the spring. That concludes our prepared remarks and we’ll now open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: I was hoping you could maybe elaborate a little bit first off on the meals category. It looks like that category was down maybe a little bit in the quarter. Within that could you talk a little bit about what you’re seeing in soup? I think the press release you talked about actually seeing good growth in that part of the meals business but the recent sell through trends have been fairly weak so just trying to reconcile that.
Ken Powell: Your second question was on which segment within the category?
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: Soup.
Ken Powell: We had a low single digit growth in the meals category for the quarter and that was in comparison to a very tough comp. I think one of the issues in the category is, as you said, for the overall segment is the soup category which is running down some year to date. We see the issue there fairly tactically at this point as we compare, particularly this quarter to the quarter year ago we had very high levels of support concentrated in the second quarter both media and trade promotion. We have a much more balanced plan this year that really covers the full soup season but the spending levels are down some from the second quarter year ago. We think that that explains much of the difference.  We continue to feel the soup category and the ready to soup category is a great place for consumers responds really well to innovation. We’re very happy with our high fiber soup launch. We’ve got new advertising on the air which perhaps some of you have seen which is very focused on the taste benefits of soup and of Progresso Soup. We see that year over year comp as the issue right now. There may be also some overhang from the negative advertising that we saw in the category last year. We expect that to recede over time and this is a big category and a great consumer category and so we’re quite optimistic going forward.
Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: Could you maybe elaborate a little bit when you talked about the need to dial up the promotional spending just given the environment? Can you elaborate where you’re seeing that perhaps the most, just category wise?
Ken Powell: With selected categories and that will unfold as it unfolds. I think really I would just repeat what Jeff said which is we monitor this obviously. We want to be in the competitive zone from a merchandising standpoint and we feel that there are some categories where we’re not fully there right now. On a very selected and a very precise basis we’re going to add some merchandising. I would say the total impact for the year, if you wanted to look at our merchandising cost per case, we’re talking about a few cents of increase. This is very careful and very selected.
Jeff Rotsch: I think there are some key categories we want to make sure that we are competitive in but nothing really out of the ordinary. Really reacting to day to day pressures in the categories.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer – UBS
David Palmer – UBS: Your gross margins are reaching that 40% type level that you had about six years ago and that doesn’t seem to be long term barrier. Perhaps you could give us some considerations about long term growth margin potential, given your base case of steady inflation in fiscal 2011 and beyond, how are you thinking about that potential and what things can we think of that could help us get comfortable about a long term growth in that number?
Don Mulligan: We are very pleased obviously with our gross margin performance, as you said we recovered back to where we were several years back. As we look forward, as Ken alluded to, whether you look at our F11 expectations or longer term we see a return of inflation, we believe that our HMM initiatives will be substantive enough to offset that inflation. As we think about margin improvement it’s going to come from a couple of different areas. One is mix management which has been a key contributor to us for the last several years and that mix within the divisions within the segments and certainly across the segments. The second is that we continue to gain scale within our International business and we’ve highlighted before if you look at the main growth drivers internationally our key platforms of cereal, healthy snacking, soup, premium ice cream, and the convenient meals, those all have operating margins above our company average and will certainly help average up our results as they grow. The last thing in our Bakeries & Foodservice division the restructuring that we have had underway for the last several years, which we are clearly seeing the benefits of in this year’s results, will continue to hold. We don’t believe that the performance this year at our Bakeries & Foodservice is a one year phenomenon; we think we’re reaching a base level for that business to grow from. As Ken alluded to as the economy improves and we get better trends in the industry we think we’ll benefit from that as well. Those are probably the key aspects that I would mention that gives me confidence that our gross margins will continue to hold and expand slightly and give us opportunity to continue reinvest back in the business both in terms of our brand support, our sales capabilities, and our international infrastructure.
David Palmer – UBS: Do you anticipate that you, perhaps even the competition, are anticipating that the consumer is going to be more willing to try new things this next year and that we’re going to see maybe not in the first calendar quarter of 2010 but perhaps as early as then and increasing through the year a pace of innovation pickup as folks maybe held back their pipeline this year and are letting it out a little bit more next year. How should we think about that?
Ken Powell: Our view, as you know, on innovation in this environment has been that it’s been a great time to innovate. Our pace of new product innovation has not declined at all during the last couple years. Really, we’ve had some terrific successes really going back over the last three years and this year’s been no different.  Yoplait Delight which we launched this past summer, we thought it was a great idea and its well ahead of expectations. Wanchai Ferry frozen meal kits has been a very strong success for us. We’ve got new cereals coming here in January; Wheaties Fuel and Chocolate Cheerios which we think is going to be a very strong entry. We like the looks of the Greek Yogurt segment which is still emerging but becoming strong on either coast. We think we’ve got a great tasting entry in Yoplait Greek. The direction that we’ve given to our US and our International teams on innovation is full steam ahead. We think that that’s really been a great time to have that orientation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: My question maybe relates to a little bit what the section that Jeff was came on the call for. I’m curious; you highlighted the huge channel migration that’s been going on for a while now. We’re also seeing some of the traditional retailers are starting to report challenging quarters as they’re lowering price themselves trying to keep traffic in the store. What are you hearing from them in terms of their view on how they want pricing to proceed on an ongoing basis? In other words, are they comfortable sacrificing that margin themselves or are they starting to come to the manufacturers and asking for give backs?
Jeff Rotsch: If you analyze and get in a little deeper in what’s going on in a lot of those retailers, perimeter pricing kind of follows commodities. When I talk perimeter I’m talking dairy, mean, bakery, etc. produced so forth. That’s really where some deflation has hit them, I think taking their top line down. Center store, which is really where we compete it’s been fairly stable is what I would say and have very good source as you saw in my presentation of their profit.  They are continuing to look to us to bolster that whole area and make sure that we continue to bring innovation to them and really drive that center store profit really which has been carrying them. The perimeter has been a very competitive tough area and as I said that deflation has really hit them there and actually hurt their top line a little bit.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Do you think it’s a completely bifurcated issue center versus perimeter?
Jeff Rotsch: Completely is probably an overstatement. I would say leans that way extremely heavily though, very heavily.
Ken Powell: The thing that I would add to that is I would say 90% of the conversation that we have with our retail partners is about growth. They really want to talk to us about their particular center store categories, that’s where we focus. They want to talk about what we can do together to drive growth, what kind of innovation we can bring to excite consumers and bring them into those categories. I would say that that is the vast, vast majority of the conversation with our retailers.
Jeff Rotsch: Our mantra we take to these customers is leading profitability growth. How do we lead their profitable growth in these categories that are growing beyond their expectations? That’s really what we’re trying to do.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: It’s really not a price point conversation. We’ve been hearing a lot of stuff that innovation was becoming very price point oriented, is that not the case?
Jeff Rotsch: No, it has not been. We partner with them and bring them a lot of other capabilities which I touched on today, intellectual capabilities to really drive that top line and drive that bottom line for our customers. That’s really what we try to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: I wanted to follow up on a couple of the questions we’ve had and in relation to your promotional spending. November seemed to be a month that was quite weak across a lot of the IRI data and I’m curious if you saw that same degree of weakness and maybe if you had a better explanation for what happened in that month? Maybe it’s just a month and a blip but do you see it as a trend where the consumer is kind of belt tightening still if you will and that’s what’s driving some of your promotional increases?
Ken Powell: November for us was for us, our shares have actually over the last 12, 6, and 3, however you want to look at it, and our shares have been very constant sort of modestly up over the course of the year running around 25. November was a very challenging comparison for us for a variety of reasons having to do with the promotional concentration and planning that we had last year versus this year.  While our share was very much in line with what we’ve seen over the past many months, in November it was down from a peak a year ago. Frankly we expected that and planned for it. Our merchandising plan is very balanced over all four quarters this year and we knew November would be tough for us. As we go into the second half we have continued very good levels of support and good merchandising activities. We expect to see good share development and continued good top line through the end of the year.
Jeff Rotsch: Our categories in the month of November were actually up almost 1%. The issue was last year was our largest month in terms of comp on the consumer take away side. We’re up against a very tough month but our categories continue to do well and we did fine within that. We have a very balanced plan and I think what you’ll see is a good run out here for the next six months.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: It doesn’t sound like you see much of a change in the consumer that may have driven some of that weakness, I guess that’s encouraging. In terms of the gross margin, you gave some good breakdown last quarter of in rough terms half the gross margin is driven by volume and mix. Could you give that same degree of disclosure this quarter as well, given that big improvement in the gross margin?
Don Mulligan: We had a significant drop in our cost of sales this quarter. About 70% of that, a little over 70% was due to the change in mark to market where we had a credit this year and charge last year. Of the other 30% about two thirds of that was rate and mix which is really driven by the strong plant performance, the strong HMM initiatives we see and some favorable mix that I referenced earlier. The balance is the reduction in COGS is from the divested businesses that we exited last year. That’s the break out but the biggest single component was the change in the mark to market.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: Could you tell us how much the FX negatively affected your International division from a profit standpoint? That was obviously some of the transaction costs are still a negative for you given the translation turned positive.
Don Mulligan: As we said at the beginning of the year we expected a $0.15 EPS negative impact from foreign exchange both transaction and translation. As Ken referenced today a significant portion of that transaction was hedged so we continue to see that coming through. We expect to be a few pennies better than that. We still expect a negative drag about $0.12 to $0.13 for the full year which is consistent with what we saw at the end of the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: It’s not exactly clear to me why interest expense should be flat. You’re running right now at a 360 million run rate for the year versus 390 million last year. How exactly are you assuming that rates go up so much that you’re going to be flat year over year?
Don Mulligan: There are a couple things, one is that last year we did have a fairly significant reduction in our debt in the second half that we’re rolling over now as we get into the reduction in our total debt balance we’ll probably be less in the second half then it was in the first. The other thing is given the long term rates we are looking at potentially terming out some of our commercial paper which would have an impact on our interest expense this year.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Obviously the team you manage has been very strong, the results speak to that. The one thing that I always have difficulty with is it seems like every single category that every company talks about is the most important category to the retailers both in terms of sales and profits. Yet the industry is facing pressure from retailers to cut skus and I think you guys saw that in Pop Secret and your decision to exit out of that business. I’m wondering what categories from your perspective maybe you’re not involved in them but what categories are seeing pressure from the retailers because they truly don’t stack up in the top core pile or what have you?
Jeff Rotsch: Part of that was really in my pitch where I went through food versus the health and beauty aids and non-food and so forth. There is pressure though literally in very category. There is sku rationalization going on by categories, the customer cuts across the store to make sure each of the skus is donating profit to the customer’s bottom line. I did show on that slide that our categories do contribute and that really is a very good study we did on a per square foot basis with an outside company.  If you look at health and beauty aids, paper packaged goods, etc. a lot of these that are bulky that take a lot of space on the shelf that don’t have the turns or the margin with those turns to contribute profit those are the ones that they’ve been skinnying back on. Our categories, thank goodness, and part of it is due to our good products we have on there but part of it is due to we’re fortunate that we are in categories that are still growing quite nicely and still contributing I’d say very good bottom line profits.  They have looked across our categories, sku rationalization has gone across cereal, a number of different categories and we’ve actually fared quite well. I showed you the distribution where we actually have gone up in number of items this year not down. We’ve been fortunate to continue to sell a good mix of products that drive a lot of profit for them.
Ken Powell: If you go back many years through heavy proliferation of flavors and line extensions in a lot of these categories that we are in, General Mills is usually the leader in those categories. We tended to be, I think you would find this very typically across many categories, we tended to the be the guy that was squeezed on shelf space so we were often a little bit under shared versus how we actually turned, because they were trying to squeeze in some marginal items.  What we’ve said, really very consistently, as we’ve had this conversation with retailers and as you’ve asked us about over the last year. We really thought that this effort by retailers to prune their categories and get it down to the high turning items would benefit us and that in fact is what you’re seeing. Really I think the last several times we’ve reported to you we’ve been able to tell you that our distribution is actually up. I think that that’s true for the latest quarter yet again. This is an environment we think where with leading brands that turn well, we will gain distribution and that is exactly what is happening.
Jeff Rotsch: Across all categories those brands that are numbers three, four, five, etc. they are the ones that are really scratching and scrimping and trying to stay on the shelf. It’s been a very difficult time for them.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: I’m asking to put on more of an industry hat then a General Mills hat here but it seems like the concern among investors, at least what we hear is every company in calendar 2010 is talking about an absence of pricing but volume driven growth with promotion backing that up. What I hear from investors is the fear that well if everybody is building in volume growth assumptions and everybody’s got this big gross margin tailwind to spend back into the business, why isn’t this going to be a fight to the bottom? Maybe you can comment on that as to why investors should not fear that kind of scenario in 2010?
Ken Powell: What we see has happened over the last couple of years was a period of very high inflation a year ago, really the highest in many, many years, followed by a fall off, a return to normal prices this year which is meant really zero inflation so you’ve had that up and that snap back down. Of course this year that’s meant margin recovery and significant margin expansion which in some categories has led to somewhat more intense promotional environment. As we look going forward we think we’re going to move a little closer to normal. We’re planning on business model in line with business model growth or we have low single digit volume growth which we would typically see year in and year out with potentially some pricing. We expect to see a return to some inflation in our input markets. We’re already seeing that in some areas, we’re seeing dairy prices for example are starting to ease up some. Coincidentally as we see that we’re seeing the promotional intensity in the Yogurt category ease off. That’s really the scenario that we see, low single digit levels of volume growth with a little bit of pricing, a return to some inflation which we think we’re well positioned to offset with our HMM initiatives. That’s the kind of environment that we can manage very, very well through.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: I wanted to ask about the distribution increase that was on the chart in the presentation. I think it was up 1.8% and I think that’s a Nielsen metric. Could you describe which product category, what kind of outlets you’ve been able to get that distribution increase in? Is there more of that to come?
Jeff Rotsch: That is a Nielsen metrics so that is measured channels. I would add that non-measured channels has been even stronger then that for us as our number of skus carried in those non-measured has gone up even faster so I did not talk about that. That has really been across a number of our key categories. Cereal is a beneficiary of that, grain snacks has been a beneficiary of that. We have some very strong distribution gains across a number of those categories. My sense is it will continue for us.  We have a number of new items we are introducing and the good news is our established brand items are turning quite nicely so they are not in jeopardy right now. I think we will be able to add to that year on year. We have a pretty good track record over the last five years of adding distribution year on year and my sense is that will continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: When you did the breakdown of the cost of goods sold you didn’t mention anything about commodity prices being lower or higher. Can you just ensure that that’s how I heard it? I just want to make sure because I think you said two thirds rate mix and one third divested, there wasn’t any comment on commodities.
Don Mulligan: Within rate would be where we capture the inflation in commodity movements. Its part of that rate and mix figure that I mentioned.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: In terms of looking at the 2011 when you guys say prospects excellent for continued top tier growth and earnings growth, is that fair to imply that you’re looking to say that your long term business model should still be appropriate for 2011 at least that? Is that a fair commentary?
Ken Powell: Very much so. That’s absolutely right and we believe strongly in the strength of that model. That’s our starting point.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: You talked about the different channels, are there certain channels which General Mills has under penetrated or where there might be some more outside gains in terms of gaining share or how do you see the different channels laying out over the next couple years?
Jeff Rotsch: I mentioned in my comments that we’ve seen high single digits across some different channels that we have not been as strong in, in the past. Club channel we’ve had around for a long time but we’ve had a good break through there with some new items getting in with some good rotations going in. Our club business is up double digit.  Our Drug, Dollar and Discount business is also up double digit. Those are channels that in the past we probably have not spent as much time on that we have really focused on here over the last four or five years and really is growing nicely. I see that growth continuing as we move forward. My sense is we will continue to add items there and get rotations and turns in a lot of those alternate channels that now are really becoming very mainstream for us.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: The patterns of your growth that you showed in the exhibit is similar to what you’d expect going forward?
Jeff Rotsch: Yes it is.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Gravett – Bank of America
Todd Gravett – Bank of America: I wanted to ask a little bit about the balance sheet. According to our calculations your leverage of 2.2 times is down not only from a year ago but also I think it’s about the lowest it’s been since the Pillsbury acquisition. I heard your comments about terming out some commercial paper earlier, can you update us on your thinking in terms of the balance sheet. It seems like you’ve got some dry powder that you could use for acquisitions. Can you tie that in to how you’re thinking about acquisitions and also potential share buy backs?
Don Mulligan: As we said at the beginning of the year on a short term tactical basis we were looking to pay down some debt this year. To ensure that we get to the ratings both the ratings and the outlook that we want from all three rating agencies, we’re confident we’ll do that as this year unfolds. The result of that as you mentioned is we are reaching leverage ratios that are as strong as they’ve been since before the Pillsbury acquisition. We think they do merit the kind of ratings that we’re looking to secure. As we go forward, our projections or our expectations on cash usage and plans remain the same as they have been which is we’re not looking to build a cash balance, we’re going to return cash to the shareholders through dividends, through share repurchase. At the same time we’re going to make sure that we have adequate reinvestment in the business to ensure growth and to drive the cost savings projects. You’ll continue to see that aspect of our shareholder return model be very consistent with what we have talked about and delivered against over the last few years. As far as terming out the commercial paper that I mentioned, again that’s really just tapping into the fact that today’s long term interest rates in absolute terms are as low as they’ve been in any recent memory and we think they’re a good opportunity to term out some of our ongoing debt balances. We’re going to continue to look into that and may well take advantage of it in the back half of this fiscal year.
Todd Gravett – Bank of America: Related to commercial paper, historically at least the last several years, you’ve held quite a bit more of your short term debt, specifically commercial paper. Is this a change in philosophy that you’re trying to term out more of the debt and have a larger fixed portion of debt?
Don Mulligan: Not necessarily. Actually I would expect over the next few years we’ll get back to the ratios of a third of our debt being commercial paper. Again, when you look at today’s interest rates where you can get 10 year paper for less than 5% and 30 year for less than 6% its kind of hard to turn your back on that so its really more taking advantage of today’s interest rate environment.
Operator: Your last question comes from Terry Bivens – JP Morgan
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: As we look at the numbers, it looks like there’s been a lot of gnashing of teeth over this cleaning up of action alley at Wal-Mart. It looks like General Mills should be less affected by that then most companies given the fact that two of your top three are in the refrigerated case. Our other information is you seem to be doing extraordinarily well in Yogurt there perhaps even picking up some share in cereal. It looks like as we look at the difference between what Nielsen says and what your reported results are that Wal-Mart is a pretty heavy contributor to this alt channel thing. Is that a reasonable supposition there?
Ken Powell: As Jeff said and really showed you in the slide in his presentation I would say that really across the board in those newer channels area we’re doing quite well. We have a good relationship with Wal-Mart and I would say that we’re seeing good solid broad based growth there across our categories. As Jeff said just a moment ago, we also like the opportunities that we see in the club channel, dollar stores have really emerged as a great opportunity for us.  I would say that our growth really is nicely distributed and broad based and Wal-Mart continues to be a great partner for us. And our traditional stores had growth in that first half too of almost 1% so low single digits. Very nice across the board, very balanced I would say.
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: As you look at the ready to serve cereal category it looks very rational to us right now. Your dollar share is up it looks like sales volume are up, ditto for your biggest competitor. As we look at it we see some risk that perhaps the number three player would need to become more promotional and kind of upset the apple cart. Have you seen anything that suggests that may be in the offing or do you see kind of continued rationale at cereal?
Ken Powell: I would echo your initial comment which is we think the category is quite stable and as you said the rational right now and driven by innovation and good growth in the category. That number three competitor that you referenced had some really nice consumer brands, they’re really outstanding franchises and we would guess that as they just digest and integrate those brands they will figure out how to build those brands.
Jeff Rotsch: I would echo Ken’s comments on rational, its been very rational and the metrics are very quite nice over the first six months with baselines up, incremental up in that category and also dollar sales up in the category. It looks very rational, it looks like nice growth pattern for us and we feel very comfortable that it’s going to continue.
Kris Wenker: Thank you everybody for dialing in. If there are follow up please give me a shout and we’ll try and help. Happy Holidays!
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and as that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-09-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kris Wenker - Vice President, Investor Relations Donal L. Mulligan - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Ian R. Friendly - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer - U.S. Retail Kendall J. Powell - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer
Analysts:  Chris Crowe - Stifel Nicolaus Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank David Palmer - UBS Analyst for Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the General Mills fiscal first quarter 2010 results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kris Wenker, Vice President of Investor Relations for General Mills. Please go ahead. 
Kris Wenker : Thanks, Operator. Good morning, everybody. I am hear with Ken Powell, our CEO; Don Mulligan, our CFO; and Ian Friendly, Head of our U.S. Retail Business, and I am going to turn the microphone over to them in just a minute.  First, I need to cover my usual housekeeping items. Our press release on first quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It’s also posted on our website if you still need a copy. We have posted slides on the website too. They supplement our prepared remarks this morning and these remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions. The second slide in today’s presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates.  And with that, I will turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Don Mulligan. 
Donal L. Mulligan: Thanks, Kris and thanks to all of you who have joined us by webcast. As you have seen from our financial results released this morning, General Mills is off to a very strong start in fiscal 2010. Slide 4 summarizes our first quarter results. Net sales grew 1% on top of 14% sales growth in last year’s first quarter. Segment operating profit grew 21%. This reflects strong gross margin performance driven in part by recovery of margin that we gave up a year ago due to sharp input cost inflation. But excellent operating performance in our plant was also a key factor in reducing our cost of goods sold.  Net earnings totaled $421 million and diluted EPS increased to $1.25. These results include a net reduction related to mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories. That non-cash impact totaled $0.03 per share this quarter, less than the $0.17 reported last year. Excluding mark-to-market impact from both years, diluted EPS grew 33% to reach $1.28 per share.  These results significantly exceeded our expectations. We anticipated our Q1 input costs would be below year-ago levels. In fact, costs came in a bit better than our plan estimates. Our plan operating performance was also better than plan. This was a result of continued good sales levels, which created operating leverage in our facilities. Mix was favorable and our multi-year focus on continuous improvement and holistic margin management, or HMM, is generating accumulating efficiencies in our plants.  The net sales gain of 1% overall is consistent with our annual guidance. As you know, we are targeting reported sales comparable to 2009 levels. But I would characterize our top line results as a bit ahead of our first quarter expectations, particularly in U.S. retail, where growth was stronger than the low-single-digit increase we’re targeting for the full year. In addition, foreign exchange was a bit less of a drag in the quarter than plan.  We are going to reinvest a portion of this quarter’s strong earnings increase in additional 2010 consumer marketing initiatives to help us maintain our strong top line momentum. Even with that reinvestment, we now expect our full-year earnings to go well above our previous target. We’ve added $0.20 to our guidance, bringing the range up to $4.40 to $4.45 per share before any mark-to-market effects. This growth represents -- this represents growth of 11% and 12% from comparable earnings of $3.98 per share in fiscal 2009.  Let’s spend a few minutes taking a detailed look at our top line results. Our sales comparisons for this quarter was daunting. As you’ll recall, last year we posted double-digit increases in all three of our business segments. Slide 6 summarizes net sales results on an as-reported basis. U.S. retail sales rose 6%. Remember that Pop Secret was still in first quarter results last year so growth would have been even stronger adjusted for that divestiture. Ian will review the operating highlights for this business after my financial review.  International sales declined 4% as reported. Growth here was reduced by negative foreign exchange and product line divestitures in Brazil. You will hear more about our international businesses from Ken in a few minutes.  And our food service segment reported a 16% decline in net sales due entirely to product line divestitures and index pricing for bakery flour that is currently below year-ago levels.  Underlying trends in this business segment are exceeding our targets and we’ll give you more details of that a bit later as well.  Slide 7 shows the components of our 1% increase in reported net sales. Pound volume matched year ago levels but included sales from divested product lines. Favorable sales mix and net price realization contributed three points of sales growth and foreign exchange reduced the growth rate by 2 percentage points.  We saw solid volume trends across our businesses, especially when you break out the impact of divestitures. Slide 8 shows our pound volume trends for the quarter by segment. Below the chart you see the impact of divested product lines in our reported results. Divestitures reduced pound volume for U.S. retail by one point, international volume by two points, and represented a 10 point volume reduction for our bakeries and food service segment. In total, divested businesses reduced pound volume growth by two points.  Our gross margin improved to 41.5% as reported and 41.9% including mark-to-market effects. This quarter included some moderating benefit from price actions take in F09 but we’ve now lapped a vast majority of those increases and don’t expect pricing to have as much of an impact for the remainder of the year.  Commodity and fuel costs were below year ago levels in the quarter, and I mentioned earlier that strong plant operating performance was a key driver of margin growth. A number of factors contributed here. Good sales and volume levels almost always translate into good operating leverage. As you already know, pound volume trends were pretty good for our businesses overall. More importantly at the plant level, physical case volume was up. Also, our mix was favorable and the work our teams are doing with continuous improvement in HMM is a gift that keeps on giving in terms of plant operating performance.  These factors increased my confidence in our ability to recover margin we lost in the first three quarters of last year and expand our margin for 2010 in total.  Projecting our gross margins effectively has enabled us to steadily increase our consumer marketing investment. Increased media spending for both traditional media and fast-growing online media vehicles has been driving the growth in our brand spending. In the first quarter media expense was up 16%.  Our 2010 plan already included double-digit increases in media spending for the year. We are now planning to reinvest on our first quarter earnings growth in additional media and consumer marketing programs. As always, we will maintain strong vigilance over the ROI associated with these initiatives and we expect our increased consumer spending to contribute to continuing sales momentum.  Slide 11 shows our segment operating profit results for the quarter. Total segment profits grew at a strong double-digit rate, reflecting terrific performance by our U.S. retail business, a more than doubling of profits for bakeries and food service segment. International profits declined as reported but once again that’s a reflection of negative foreign exchange translation and transaction effects. Excluding these factors, international operating profits increased at a double-digit rate.  Slide 12 summarizes the operating margin change by segment. The total segment operating profit margin for the quarter expanded by 370 basis points to 21.8%. That was driven by margin improvement of more than 300 basis points in U.S. retail and nearly 900 basis points for our food service segment.  After tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $24 million for the quarter. That’s below strong year-ago results due in part to negative foreign exchange impact. However, Häagen-Dazs Japan volumes were down in the period, reflecting the weak economic climate there. And while CPW sales grew at a constant currency basis, foreign exchange did pull down the reported sales.  Results do vary by market but overall CPW continues to gain share in its combined markets.  Completing our review of the income statement, you see interest expense up 6% for the period. That’s a reflection of our actions last year to shift our mix of debt to include more fixed rate and more long term debt. Commercial paper rates have been a bit better than we planned, so we now think that our full-year interest expense will be comparable to 2009 levels. That’s better than the low-single-digit increase we projected in July.  The effective tax rate for the quarter was 33.8%, a point lower than the same period last year but in line with our estimate for the full year rate. And the average number of diluted shares outstanding was down 4% for the quarter. We remain on track to our target of reducing average shares outstanding in 2010 at a rate less than our long-term goal of 2%.  Let me comment briefly on the balance sheet at our core working capital trends. Core working capital grew roughly 6% in the quarter. That’s consistent with our usual seasonal pattern under which we increased working capital levels through the first part of the fiscal year and then see levels decline in the back half. For fiscal 2010 in total, our goal is to hold growth in working capital at or below the rate of our sales growth.  With that, let me quickly summarize today’s financial results. We saw good top line performance in the first quarter despite challenging prior year comparisons. Gross margin performance was excellent, fueled by our ongoing HMM initiatives, as well as recovery from prior year margin declines, driven by sharp input cost inflation.  We are continuing to invest to build our brands with ongoing product innovation and increasing levels of advertising support. Clearly it’s been a very strong start to the year. This momentum points to better than planned results, so we’ve increased our full-year EPS guidance to a range of $4.40 to $4.45. This performance would exceed our long-term growth targets, despite negative foreign exchange and one less week in the fiscal year, while still allowing us to reinvest back in the business and keep our momentum going.  With that, I will turn the microphone over to Ian Friendly for a review of the momentum we are seeing in our U.S. retail segment. Ian. 
Ian R. Friendly: Thanks, Don and good morning, everyone. The U.S. retail business is off to a strong start in fiscal 2010. We coupled good volume growth with margin improvement. We are executing well against our proven business model and delivering strong fundamental growth. The same factors that have been driving our growth the past few years are still working well for us.  For one, we are an advantaged category. Over the latest 52 weeks, the categories where we compete are growing more than two times faster than food and beverage categories in total. We are seeing good growth across most of our categories, including high-single-digit sales increase for hot snacks, Mexican products, and dessert mixes, and these are growth rates in measured channels. Sales in non-measured channels are generally growing at a faster rate.  This category growth has sustained in recent months. Overall sales growth hasn’t slowed as we’ve lapped price increases because we’ve seen unit growth accelerate. Slide 20 shows the growth for our combined categories over the latest year, the latest quarter, and the latest month. Our categories continue to grow at a robust 4% rate in measured channels alone. And our brands continue to drive growth for our retail partners. General Mills has about a 3.5% share of total food and beverage sales in Nielsen measured channels, but our share of total growth across all food and beverage categories was higher than that in the most recent three months, so our overall share of industry sales was up. This increase was a result of the strong categories we compete in and the good performance of our brands.  The fundamentals of our brands remain healthy. Baseline, or non-promoted sales for our brands grew 2.5% in the first quarter on top of strong growth in the same period last year and our brands continue to gain distribution despite increased pressure to reduce items on store shelves. Our total points of distribution were up 3% in the latest quarter.  We remain firmly focused on innovation to drive growth for our categories and our brands. We have a number of new items in markets like new varieties of our Savorings frozen appetizers, Nature Valley Granola Nut Clusters, new Yoplait items and several new Cascadian Farm and [Nuor] Glen organic products.  We are offering consumers new benefits, like Betty Crocker gluten-free baking mixes, and we are delivering convenience with new [Wanchi Fairy] frozen entrees, ready in just 14 minutes.  We are also innovating on how we reach consumers. Increasingly, we are connecting with consumers online and on the go. We are offering coupons to consumers through their mobile phones. Betty Crocker, one of our oldest brands, is offering ideas and inspiration on her Facebook page. Our box tops for education program is using social media to support our products and help people earn more money for their schools through new blog outreach and YouTube videos, and FiberOne has created a series of webisodes that deliver our brand message in a fun entertaining way.  Our high quality brand delivers good value. Slide 26 showed the average non-promoted retail price per serving for a variety of our core products. Our brands continue to be very affordable choices for consumer.  So our sales strength in the quarter was driven by the fundamentals. Pricing did contribute but it wasn’t the biggest driver of our growth. In total, our net sales were up 6% with good momentum across our division, as shown on slide 27. Let me share a few highlights. I’ll start with Big G. Our cereal division had a great first quarter. The U.S. cereal category remains vibrant. We continue to lead growth in the category and our share was up almost a point in the quarter. Our core established brands are performing well. Retail sales for the market-leading Cheerios franchise were up 4% in the first quarter in channels where we have data. Sales for the Cinnamon Toast Crunch and FiberOne franchises continue to post double-digit sales growth and Chex franchise sales increased strongly in the quarter with our gluten-free [news].  We have some great new items in the market, including Cookie Crisp Sprinkles and a blueberry pomegranate variety of Total cereal, and we just announced the introduction of Wheaties Fuel.  We are supporting these new items and our established cereal brand with some terrific advertising, including a new division wide campaign telling consumers to look for the white check on every box of Big G cereal, a reminder that all our cereals are a good source of whole grain.  There’s plenty of opportunity for continued good growth in the U.S. cereal category. More than 90% of U.S. households buy cereal each year and the number of servings consumed annually is growing. Consumers increased their cereal consumption by almost a billion servings in 2008. We like the prospects for future growth in this category and Big G remains focused on leading category growth.  Let’s shift to the soup aisle where Progresso’s share of the ready-to-serve segment is up more than half-a-point over the latest 12 months. This includes good gains in our most recent quarter. We think this category is on trend with the consumer needs for taste, convenience, and value and we are looking forward to a good soup season this year. This category has historically grown with good innovation and we are trying to do our part. We are bringing the benefits of high fiber to the soup aisle. We introduced four new soups that provide 28% of the daily recommended fiber intake. We have seen great success with high fiber items in the cereal and grain snack aisles and we think this is some good health news for the soup category.  We are also supporting Progresso soup with some terrific new advertising. We have five new ads that just broke last week. You will see three of them on TV and the other two online. All the ads focus on the great taste of Progresso and show consumers calling into our culinary kitchen via their soup can phones. We are working to remind people about what’s good in soup and bring more consumers to the category.  Let’s shift to yogurt. Yoplait sales grew 4% in the first quarter, with particular strength in non-measured channel. We’ve seen heightened promotional activity in this category recently. The left side of slide 34 shows the changes in the level of merchandising during the last three months for Yoplait and the category. The right side of the page shows the percent discount for items being merchandised. Let’s look at the category trend. The percent of yogurt category volume that was merchandised in the first quarter increased to 41%, up four points from the same period last year. Category merch prices were hotter as well. The depth of discount for the category increased by 2 percentage points.  In contrast, merchandising activity for Yoplait increased at a rate lower than the category and we did not increase our discount level. We believe the U.S. yogurt category still has a lot of room to expand by bringing in new households and increasing usage by current consumers. And although price promotion has a role, we think the key to driving category growth is innovation.  Yoplait recently launched a number of new items. With our new frozen Yoplait smoothie, we just add milk and blend. Sales for this frozen item won't show up in the refrigerated yogurt category but it’s a great addition to the Yoplait brand.  In the refrigerated section, we introduced a reduced calorie version of our Yo-Plus probiotic yogurt. It has only 70 calories per serving and is a nice addition to this growing line.  And in July, we introduced Yoplait Delight in four indulgent flavors. This product has a thick creamy texture and a unique two-layer format. At just 100 calories per serving, it makes a great snack or dessert. First quarter volume exceeded our expectation and we are getting positive feedback from consumers.  We have some new Yoplait ads that just went on air as well, including a new weight management ad that targets Hispanic consumers. Yoplait has focused on this important demographic in the past but this is our first effort to build our light business with this growing group of consumers. We think our innovation and brand building efforts will result in the stronger sales growth for Yoplait and the yogurt category beginning in the second quarter. The U.S. yogurt market is still young relative to many markets around the world and as we look to the future, we see lots of opportunity to drive growth for the category by increasing U.S. per capita consumption.  I will turn now to Pillsbury, which was our fastest growing division in the first quarter. Net sales rose 12%. Pillsbury Toaster Strudel and Totino’s Hot Snacks partnered on a back-to-school program that drove strong double-digit retail sales growth. Pillsbury refrigerated cookie dough had a good quarter too. Sales benefited from a competitor’s recall but also reflected the launch of our new Simply Cookies product line. Overall refrigerated baked goods retail sales were up 8% in the first quarter.  This month we introduced some new Pillsbury advertising that builds on last year’s successful home calling campaign. We have several additional ads that we will introduce over the next few months and we are looking forward to a strong holiday baking season for Pillsbury.  As consumers make more meals at home, our dinner mixes offer great quality and convenience at a good value. We had strong orders on these businesses in the first quarter and we’ve got great merchandising lined up this fall that we think will drive good retail sales performance. Taco night also makes for a great family dinner. Retail sales of Old El Paso Mexican items are growing nicely, up 9% in the first quarter in channels where we have data.  Across our business we are supporting our brands with strong levels of media spending. In addition to the examples I’ve shown already, this month you will see new advertising for Bisquick around Pancake Morning. Hamburger Helper is on air with a spot featuring Beyonce and our support of hunger relief with Feeding America. And FiberOne bars are on TV for the first time.  In total, we are targeting a double-digit increase in media spending for U.S. retail in 2010.  Let me sum up my comments on U.S. retail. Our categories are growing and we’ve got an advantaged brand portfolio that is leading growth. For 2010 we are continuing to target low-single-digit growth in net sales. We have a strong innovation lineup and we plan to continue to support our brands with increased levels of consumer marketing. We will use HMM to fuel this investment and help us expand our margin. And we are planning for a mid-single-digit increase in operating profit in line with our long-term model.  Now I will turn you over to Ken for some operating highlights on our other business segments. 
Kendall J. Powell: Thanks, Ian and good morning to one and all. I appreciate your joining us on the call today and let me start my comments with a review of our bakeries and food service performance.  As you know, it’s a challenging environment for this business right now as consumers eat more at home but our bakeries and food service team is performing well. We have made significant changes to our business over the last few years, dramatically reducing the number of items we offer and consolidating our supply chain operation. We recently built an in-house sales force for the convenience store and food service distributor businesses that is helping drive differential performance for us.  Our sales for this segment totaled more than $400 million in the first quarter. About 60% of those sales were to bakeries and national restaurant accounts; 30% were to food service distributors; and just over 10% went to convenience stores.  We believe the last two channels I mentioned, distributors and convenience stores, are our best opportunities for profitable sustainable growth. Our sales to distributors were up 1% in the first quarter despite industry sales decline. Industry sales were down in convenience stores as well but our business grew 8% in the quarter, driven by distribution gains and new product innovation.  Higher margin branded products now generate more than 65% of our bakeries and food service sales and we expect that percentage to increase again this year. These products are branded either to the end consumer or to the food service operator. I’ll highlight results for a few key segments. Net sales for our cereal brands in these channels were up 6%; yogurt sales were up 12%; and sales of our snack brands were up 15%.  By focusing on the best channels and our higher margin products, we will continue to improve our mix. This is one of the factors that drove strong operating margin improvement in the first quarter. Segment operating profit more than doubled and as Don showed you earlier, operating margin improved significantly to 14.1% of sales. In addition to mix improvements, we also saw strong performance across our manufacturing and logistics operations and commodity costs came in below last year and better-than-planned expectations. Grain merchandising profits were up as well but neither the increase nor the overall profit level was out of the ordinary.  In 2010, we continue to expect that reported net sales and volume for this business will be below 2009 levels because of product line divestitures, lower prices on bakery flour, and continued weakness in overall food service industry sales. However, we expect to grow our share of industry sales in 2010 and our plans call for margin expansion in this segment, driven by productivity, better costs, and positive mix. And longer term, we still like our growth opportunities in the $0.5 trillion U.S. market for food away from home.  Outside the U.S., our international businesses continued to generate good growth. Slide 49 shows net sales for our geographic regions on a constant currency basis for the first quarter. In total, sales outside the U.S. were up 5% excluding the impact of foreign exchange, which reduced reported sales by 9 points. Our business in Canada was particularly strong, with sales up 12% on a constant currency basis. Cereal sales were up double-digit in the quarter with our Olympic promotion and the launch of several new items.  Grain snack sales were strong as well, including the introduction of new dark chocolate varieties of Nature Valley Granola Bars. Sales in Europe were down slightly in the quarter. We’re seeing good growth on grain snacks in the U.K. and Ole El Paso Mexican products in France but overall economic conditions in Western Europe remain challenging.  In Latin America, sales were up 10% with good growth from regional brands including Las El Pena Pasta in Argentina and [Diablitos] Sandwich Spread in Venezuela. And in the Asia-Pacific region, sales grew 6% with [Wanchi] Fairy Dim Sum items and Super Premium Ice Cream in our Häagen-Dazs shops contributing to good growth in Greater China.  For 2010 in total, we continue to target good performance for our international segment. Our brands are driving good growth with innovation and distribution gains. Our focused platforms have margins above the company average so as we grow these businesses, we will improve our overall margin. Holistic margin management is also contributing to margin gains and generating funds to fuel brand investment.  Foreign exchange headwinds will impact our reported results on both the translation and transaction basis in 2010, although a bit less than we originally planned. Overall, we are continuing to target mid-single-digit sales growth and double-digit operating profit growth on a constant currency basis.  Cereal partners worldwide, our joint venture with Nestle, posted a sales decline as reported but once again that was due to foreign exchange. As Don mentioned earlier, sales were up in the quarter before foreign exchange impacts. Our core brands, including Fitness, Nesquick, Cheerios and Choco-Pick are showing good growth. Choco-Pick Petite, which we launched earlier this year in France, is off to a strong start. And we are having good success with our whole grain advertising message.  As we look across geographies, it’s a bit of a mixed bag. Some markets like the Middle East, Asia, and Latin America are growing well for us. Other markets, especially Europe, are slower. But we continue to gain share across our combined markets and we believe the growth prospects for global cereal sales, and CPW in particular, are excellent.  Let me wrap up my comments and then we will take your questions. We focused intently on a business model that uses supply chain productivity, sales mix management, and other cost savings efforts to protect our margins from the pressure of rising input costs. This helps us limit price increases and also allows us to direct significant resources back into our business in the form of ongoing product innovation and increased consumer marketing support. This reinvestment fuels continued strong sales trends for our brands. That is helping us drive growth for our food categories in markets around the world. This market is working well, it’s sustainable, and so we are sticking with it.  For fiscal 2010, we still expect annual net sales to be comparable to 2009 levels as recorded. With our good margin expansion, we are now targeting segment operating profits to grow at a mid-single-digit rate. That’s up from the low-single-digit target we shared with you back in July. And we’ve raised our earnings per share guidance to $4.40 to $4.45 per share before any impact of mark-to-market valuation.  This EPS range represents growth of 11% to 12%, which is above our long-term model. Our focus on the fundamentals is driving high quality sustainable performance across our portfolio. We will stay firmly focused on executing our plan and extending our track record of strong performance.  So that concludes our prepared remarks and I will ask the Operator to open the lines up for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Chris Crowe from Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed. 
Chris Crowe - Stifel Nicolaus: Very nice quarter. Good job on this first quarter here. I wanted to ask, and if you look at the first quarter, obviously that’s just tremendous gross margin performance. You obviously had some strong pricing coming through, particularly in U.S. retail and input costs were lower so I would just be curious -- it sounds like you had planned on costs being lower in this first quarter. Do you have that view now for the full year, that input costs would be lower?
Donal L. Mulligan:  No, not for the full year -- we still expect low-single-digit inflation, a bit lower than we had originally thought but still on the plus side of the ledger. We did see lower input costs in the first quarter but as you referenced and as we said it, that was actually planned although they did come in a bit better than our expectations. 
Chris Crowe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and in this environment of lower input costs and obviously we still saw some residual pricing this quarter, which is very, very good but are you seeing any change or increase in competitive levels of promotion or do you anticipate that in some of your categories where -- particularly where the input costs are markedly lower?
Ian R. Friendly: Overall I wouldn’t characterize it that way. I think we are seeing a fairly normal level of competitiveness across most of our categories. As I said in my comments, we are seeing a little bit more competitive pressure in the yogurt category as dairy prices come down and our key competitor has discounted fairly heavily but we feel that’s pretty much manageable. Throughout the year we monitor always our trade and promotion and pricing activities and make adjustments. I wouldn’t characterize what we believe the go-forward to be anything atypical or uncharacteristic of the past. 
Chris Crowe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. If I could just ask one final one -- in the food services division, the absence of those couple of divestitures, could you give an idea of what that contributed maybe to the margin or to the profits of the business?
Kendall J. Powell: I don’t know that we are giving that level of detail. I think we told you that we -- that it took out about, of that sales decline, 10 percentage points were from that divestiture and we don’t go into that level of detail on margin but I will tell you, Chris -- this is Ken -- that we’ve made multiple divestitures over the last four or five years. I think we’ve taken out over half of our plants now and it’s approaching over 60% of the SKUs, and all of this activity has been to get this business leaner and more focused on those higher margin branded businesses that go through the higher margin channels and I think the cumulative impact of all of that work over the past several years is -- it’s just really starting to pay off for us in fundamentally better margin profile for the overall business. 
Chris Crowe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thank you for your time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, everybody. I guess a couple of quick questions -- one, how much do you think the fact that Nestle was off shelf helped the margin performance in U.S. retail with -- because I know the refrigerated dough business is a high margin business to begin with and then if your competitor is off-shelf, I have to imagine it was extremely good this quarter. 
Ian R. Friendly: Yeah I would say overall of U.S. retail that effect was obviously muted. Within our Pillsbury refrigerated baked goods, it was -- I think we gained probably about four share points out of that. It was a factor. Certainly we had a more positive than expected Q1 in Pillsbury on that business as a result. We would have had good results though even without that so I would say it was obviously a tailwind in the quarter but not material as it relates to the total results. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you for that and then just as a follow-up to Chris’ question -- so Ken, to just understand, it’s been a long time since the Pillsbury acquisition and the food service business has always been an -- I’d say operated below expectations from the original plan but can we -- do you think we can start to model this kind of margin level going forward for that division? I mean, are we now with the latest divestitures at just a sustainable new level?
Kendall J. Powell: Well, I think this quarter, Eric, was for all the reasons Don mentioned, was particularly good. We were going up against very high input cost inflation a year ago and we have very significantly lower costs during this quarter in those effects and we also had substantial pricing during the first quarter in food service a year ago and so those effects will moderate over the course of the year. But we do think -- you know, our goal all along has been to get our food service business sustainably into double-digit margin territory and that continues to be what we are going to strive for. We’ve got a good shot at doing that this year and obviously as we continue to restructure the division and get it more focused, I think we are making very good headway at that sort of sustainable margin performance that you are describing. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: And then last and I’ll pass it on, Ken -- do you think, or maybe you could just kind of describe the -- kind of the state of relations with the retailers? You don’t have to get specific but obviously there’s a pressure to cut SKUs perhaps more than there has been historically. Some of the major packaged food -- or sorry, some of the major consumer product companies like Proctor lowered prices, which seemed pretty unusual. How do you describe across your categories and across the retail partners, how would you describe the situation?
Kendall J. Powell: Very, very positive, Eric -- we’re bringing them a very strong portfolio of leading brands -- number one or number two share brands in categories that they really care about. We are bringing them terrific innovation and Ian described some of that for you, and so we are certainly delivering on the -- our responsibility to help them drive their categories. We are also bringing them across the board a lot of capabilities. We are bringing them marketing and consumer insight capability that’s helped them with some of their programs. We’ve got a lot of focus on jointly trying to get logistic costs out of the system, so I would describe the relationship with our retail partners as very strong across the board. They like what our brands are doing for them. You know, we do know of course that SKU rationalization is something that they are focused on and as we said before, we think that that makes sense. That’s an appropriate strategy for them. We do that to ourselves and because we think that’s a good way to drive mix but even in this environment, distribution for our U.S. RO products during the first quarter increased by three percentage points and I think that just shows the overall strength of our brand portfolio.  Ian, would you want to comment?
Ian R. Friendly: Yeah, just two things to add to what Ken said is, as I mentioned in my remarks, we are driving very strong baseline sales growth by our reinvestment in our brands and not only is that the most profitable volume for us but that is the most profitable volume for our customers as well so we are driving business off the shelf in that kind of way ahead of our categories. That’s a win-win situation for everyone involved and I would just support the notion that Ken said in -- well, we have expanded our distribution in a world that rationalizes, it’s really the number one or number two brands that are creating growth that are going to win in that environment, so we like what we are doing.  The last thing I will mention is in the area you asked about, which was pricing. And if you just looked at Nielsen data for us in the last quarter, our prices now are effectively up 1% to 2%. I would say most of the branded manufacturers in our category are roughly the same and retail brand, that’s our customers brand, are up about a point higher than we are. So we’ve been very modest in our pricing and really using HMM as the first line of defense on what was inflation and now against driving our margins and keeping our pricing very well in line with the market. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer from UBS.
David Palmer - UBS: You mentioned your international cereal sales are up and that you are gaining share. I was wondering if you could perhaps give some big picture comments about the cereal category in Europe and perhaps other international -- how is the trend category growth wise and perhaps even branded share? Any sort of comments on that would be helpful in the economic environment. 
Kendall J. Powell: Typically the cereal category outside the U.S. will grow 2%, 2% or 3% year over year. I would say the last year-and-a-half, it’s been closer to 1%, 1.5%. So it is down a little bit and I don’t know that I can right now give you too much detail on the mix of that, so we have seen it slow down a little bit but still growing and CPW is still getting good top line growth and from memory, the last time I looked at this, our share was up in seven or eight of our top 10 markets. So we are -- so there has been I think probably a little bit of an impact in this current economic environment on the cereal category outside the U.S. but again, still growing and still a category where when you look at the penetration of this category compared to what it is in the U.S., there is just huge upside to continue to grow it, grow penetration. I think we have decades of growth to look forward in the international cereal category and CPW, very well-positioned to continue to grow and continue to capitalize on that market. In fact, really two years ago the cereal category outside the U.S. became larger than the cereal category in the U.S., so that’s actually -- the international part of the market is the larger part of the global cereal market now. So it’s big and growing and very promising for us. 
David Palmer - UBS: And just one quick one on yogurt in the U.S. -- in many ways that category seems like the perfect food, including value and it doesn’t seem obvious that that category overall would slow during tough economic times but it definitely does not have the growth that it did before and that’s obviously now a very high margin category for you at that scale. What do you think is the big picture for yogurt? Are we past -- is there a long curve playing out here where we are not going to see the growth of yester-year in that category?
Ian R. Friendly: I still think in yogurt, we’re in the early innings and I don’t think that story or that curve has run out at all. I do think that we need more innovation to drive the category and as I said earlier, I’m not sure that heavily discounting the product is a good long-term growth strategy for the category. We are going to focus our energies on innovation and our brand marketing support, which have increased substantially in yogurt, and I think we are seeing that now as the different months go by that yogurt will progressively better as a category.  The other part that you probably don’t have nearly as much visibility to is the channel side, which is substantial. And as you know, you don’t have Walmart in the Nielsen data, nor club stores or drug and discount, and particularly Walmart and Club are very, very big players in yogurt. Those categories and our business with them are growing tremendously and that isn’t entirely visible in the Nielsen data and there’s probably some channel shift going on there as well. 
David Palmer - UBS: Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. 
Analyst for Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: This is Jackie [Inglesby] for Vincent. First of all, congratulations on a great quarter. I just have a question on -- your COGS obviously came in very favorable relative to where we had thought. Is there a way to kind of think about how much of that might have been dairy related?
Donal L. Mulligan: Rather than break out individual components of it, if you look at our COGS year over year, it was down significantly. There’s a couple of major contributors. One is mark-to-market, the mark-to-market adjustment that we make each quarter contributed about $77 million of that swing. If you’ll recall, we had about a $91 million charge last year first quarter. This year it was only about $15 million or $14 million. So that’s about a third of that reduction.  The rest, about half of it or a little over half of it is rate and mix and that’s a combination of the deflation that we saw, great plant operations, great logistical savings, so all the supply chain performance that we saw this quarter.  Volume contributed a little over 10% and while volume was up, the divested lines actually had a higher cost per case, COGS cost per case, so that contributed to the reduction in COGS. And then finally FOREX had an impact to a couple percent, 2% or 3% in the reduction. 
Analyst for Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great, thanks. And I guess on FX, you are now thinking that that’s going to come in a little -- as slightly less of a headwind than you had thought? You previously talked about $0.15 a share. Is there any update to that?
Donal L. Mulligan: In the guidance, we do have a plus of $0.02 or $0.03 versus our plan. If you remember in July when we gave our guidance, we said there was that $0.15 headwind. Two things to remember -- the majority of it was transaction and a large portion of that was hedged, so that is fixed and even as the dollar moves, we won't see any change from our plan rates in that portion of our foreign exchange. So the part that actually has any kind of variability to it is only a fraction of that $0.15. And as I said, given the recent movement in the dollar, we see $0.02 or $0.03 plus coming through for the full year versus our guidance in July, and that is obviously embedded in our current guidance. 
Analyst for Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great and just one more quick one, if I could -- on bakery and foods service, you are obviously saying that sales are going to be lower year over year but that your margins are going to expand, so how is a good way for us to kind of think about operating profit growth in that segment?
Donal L. Mulligan: What we said in July and we can certainly expand on that now is that we will expect the sales to be down because the divested businesses and the indexed pricing on the bakery flour. We still expect margin expansion -- that is, we expect profit to decrease by less than sales. Given our strong first quarter and the momentum that we see in the business, we are even more bullish than that and that bullishness is also factored into our current guidance.  As Ken just mentioned, our goal has always been to return that business to a double-digit operating profit margin and we thought that was a couple of years out. We are going to strive to see if we can get there this year. 
Analyst for Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you so much. Congratulations again. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens from J.P. Morgan. 
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: Good morning, everyone. I guess this is for Ian -- Ian, if you look at U.S. cereal all channels, what do you put category growth at here?
Ian R. Friendly: I would estimate about a mid-single-digit growth in all channels. 
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: Okay -- five or six-ish maybe?
Ian R. Friendly: Around four to five is sort of where I would -- 
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: Four to five, okay. And as you look at what appears to be pretty strong category growth, I guess the question would be where do you think you are sourcing most of your market share gains from?
Ian R. Friendly: Do you mean by brand or by customer or what is the -- 
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: I would say by competitor, was what I was trying to get at. 
Ian R. Friendly: Well I think for the category primarily for the quarter, in cereal you interact with everyone but if you look at the total quarter, I think Kellogg’s is up slightly, Post was obviously down a great deal in the quarter, so I think they went through some pricing and some transitional issues logistically so for our first quarter, I think most of the people in cereal probably sourced to a disproportionate degree from Post. I don’t think that’s necessarily a long-term trend but that’s how that quarter played out. 
Kendall J. Powell: Terry, you know, we don’t really think about it that way, you know, going after competitors to get share. I mean, we’re sourcing our share growth from the consumer and if you really -- if you look at, think back to Ian’s presentation, we really have I think as a result a very sound marketing execution brand by brand across our portfolio. You know, baseline growth on all the core brands -- I mean, it really is a case of building it up brand by brand, focus on execution, get the baselines going and that is leading to a couple of years now of very consistent share growth for us and I think as Ian said from the competitive standpoint, who’s up and who’s down in any given period, it depends largely on what they are doing. We just keep our focus on our brands and on the consumer. 
Ian R. Friendly: The other thing I would just add to that, Terry, is I think the big story in cereal primarily is the vibrancy of the category and the consistency of the category’s growth. This is very good growth for cereal. It’s carried through as I mentioned, as we’ve lapped pricing now. It’s really good unit volume growth. Cereal as a category is very healthy and that’s a good story for us and probably all the players in the category. 
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: I couldn’t agree more there. I think there’s a very strong demographic that supports it as well -- baby boomers like myself, I guess. A question, a quick one on yogurt -- I know you didn’t want to quantify the profitability factor with Yoplait but it would seem that it was a pretty good contributor given what appears to be, you know, you stayed a little bit more rational there and obviously you are benefiting from lower input costs there. Is that a fair statement to say that that was a nice contributor to the U.S. retail performance?
Ian R. Friendly: It’s a very fair statement to say that yogurt was a nice contributor. I will tell you though that on our earnings side, it was very strong earnings growth really across all our divisions and so while yogurt was terrific, I can tell you there was pretty terrific performance across the board. 
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: Okay, very good. That’s it for me. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow from BMO Capital Markets. 
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets : Good morning, everyone. Just a very quick and probably obvious question, but I just want to double check -- is there any reason to believe that General Mills' long-term growth target would change at all, just given the strength of 2010 or going beyond, you would still keep that exact algorithm, that this is the new base earnings per se?
Kendall J. Powell: No, we’re going to -- we like that growth model that we have and we are going to -- we’ll stick with that. That’s a model that it’s our promise to shareholders that we are going to figure out a way to get them a double-digit return year-in and year-out, and that’s a combination of high-single-digit EPS coupled with a good dividend yield, so we like that model and we’ll stay with it. We are obviously pleased that we are doing better than that model this year but we’ll stay with it and we are very, very confident that that’s a sustainable model for us. And the reason that we are, Ken, goes back to the conversation that we just had with Terry Bivens -- our categories are just absolutely rock solid, they are doing very, very well, growing 4%. They are great categories that really respond to innovation and we’ve got great leading brands in those categories, so we really have a lot of confidence in our ability to sustain good consistent performance going forward. 
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets : My second question, I know you only give it out once in the K every year, but can you discuss your ability to exceed your overall growth with your number one customer? And what are you doing to drive the outperformance relative to your other businesses? Obviously [more money]. I know you give it out in the 10-K. 
Kendall J. Powell: I’m sorry, Ken -- what’s the question?
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets : In your 10-K, you always are able to provide your top customer and what the -- you could always back into what the growth is on the sales line of your top customer. Year after year, you guys do exceed your overall sales growth in that -- with that one customer. I’m just trying to figure out exactly what you are doing in that one channel that is really exceeding your underlying overall sales growth. 
Kendall J. Powell: Well Ken, our commitment is we want to lead growth and drive growth with all of our retail partners and so we are bringing these great brands and all of our capabilities and all of our marketing initiative to all of our retail partners to help work in a coordinated way with their strategy and we really want to lead growth with all of them. Now it so happens that over the last several years, Walmart has been able to grow faster than many of our other retail partners and we’ve grown faster with them as well because of all the things that I just mentioned. But our commitment really is to lead that growth everywhere that we compete. 
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets : Is there anything special that you do with them or is it just [inaudible]?
Kendall J. Powell: Well I mean, each customer has their own approach, their own -- and they focus on different things and our job is to partner with them in the ways that are most important to them to help drive growth in their categories. I don’t want to go into the details of Walmart’s strategy versus another person’s strategy but we think that we are doing a very good job now of really listening to our customers and aligning with their growth drivers and really delivering differential growth for them. And again, this is something we are trying to do across all of our customers. 
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets : And my last question, can you give us some examples of some meaningful changes that you are doing in HMM? Just -- I know the lids and it was the old one -- if you can just give a litany of examples of what you are doing. I know that that they probably [inaudible] [each in of themselves] probably doesn’t add up to much but if you could just give us some ideas of exactly what you are doing, it would be very helpful?
Kendall J. Powell: Thanks for that question, Ken because HMM continues to be a very, very high focus for General Mills and a key driver of our performance, including this quarter and we all have our hands raised because we want to answer the question but I’ll give you -- I mean, one that I think is very interesting is that on the logistics side of our business this quarter, our fuel use -- and I’m not talking about the dollars that we spent on fuel. I’m talking about the gallons of fuel that we use, was down over 10% in a quarter where our volume was up. And the reason for that was because of a very high focus on HMM kind of thinking, so we improved our forecasting, we changed the way we are -- we coordinate and manage our trucks. We got a lot smarter and developed software and different techniques to fill those trucks better. And that sounds very mundane but actually being able to do those kinds of things enabled us to deliver goods much more efficiently, use less fuel, take trucks off the road, and drive costs out of that logistics system. So that’s just another example of how this very broad scale HMM effort continues to pay dividends for us.  I don’t know, I think Don had one that he wanted to talk about. 
Donal L. Mulligan: Ken, there’s difference facets of it. Ken alluded to one that was on the productivity side, as we call it, supply chain productivity, mix management continues to play a role. If you look at our Pillsbury business, not only is it contributing but from a mix standpoint, it’s growing faster than our overall business with its higher margin product line. But it’s done that consistently over the last several years as we’ve reallocated and redirected more of our innovation and advertising support behind RBG, our refrigerated baked goods business. As a consequence, over the last three years we’ve seen a 350 basis point improvement in our gross margin in our Pillsbury business here in the U.S. We have a similar -- we talk similarly on snacks, for example, where we’ve done some packaging redesigns in our fruit snacks business, which is taking costs out of the product but also driven some efficiencies in the manufacturing platforms and we’ve seen over a point-and-a-half growth in our gross margin in our snacks business.  So again, I think the key thing to take away is it’s broad based and the other thing is that we’ve talked about more recently is the expansion of HMM to international, where we are going to double our HMM contributions this year. We see it in our administrative costs, which are trending below our historical growth rates because we are applying those same value stream mapping tools and continuous improvement tools to our administrative processes you can see in savings there as well. So it really permeates the entire organization so there’s a -- you know, we can name a thousand examples and they in and of themselves, some of them are material and some of them are less significant but in aggregate, they are very meaningful to our results. 
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets : Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: The first thing is just on plant efficiencies. Last year in fiscal ’09 you had very strong volumes for a lot of the year as well and I guess I just don’t remember hearing as much about plant efficiencies as I’m hearing sort of currently, so I’m trying to get a sense of maybe why that was or what has changed, what is different now that you seeing so much more that volume strength drive the plant efficiencies? And as part of that, how has case volume being ahead of tonnage helped your operating leverage? I just want to make sure I understand the dynamic of that. 
Ian R. Friendly: I would say to answer the first part of your question is that indeed you are quite correct that we last year had very strong volume growth and this year have strong volume -- what is changing consistently is an integral part of HMM for us has been a continuous improvement effort in our plants and what those efforts have seemingly reached a very nice tipping point are starting to shine through and so what we are finding now is much better than expected plant performance and when you put volume leverage over that, it really rang through in the quarter and I expect it will ring through for the year. And so that -- it really is just operating smarter, all the principles of HMM and continuous improvement now really showing up in a meaningful, a very meaningful way in our plant operation, a differential from prior years.  And so I think -- and Ken gave one example of that on the logistics side just a moment ago.  As it relates to case volume, you know, what our plants really run on on volume isn’t pounds. For example, Green Giant canned vegetables, a very heavy product, so you can have that volume move and let’s say that’s down and a cereal case is up, you’d have a lot more cereal cases required on a weight basis. And so what we are seeing is as we also shift our mix typically to what is higher margin products for us, they tend to also be more case volume out the plant door and so you get that leverage. And in U.S. retail, our internal case volume was very close, just a little bit below our sales growth increase, so quite a bit above the pound volume statistics you heard. And so that’s providing extra leverage and that’s really what a factory runs on. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Great. That’s helpful. Thank you and then just a last one, in thinking over the last quarter or so we’ve seen a bunch of food companies kind of raise their spending estimates about what they are spending back behind let’s say we’ll call it up-front costs, you know, the spending that they embed in their earnings to drive future productivity. And obviously with the kind of earnings upside that you have shown, you are going to spend some of that back as you talked about around marketing reinvestment and such. You are embedding I guess around $30 million or so of expected restructuring in the year. I’m just curious if you’ve looked at are there additional opportunities to use some more of this to drive productivity down the line? Obviously you are generating the productivity in a pretty big way, so is the spending behind HMM already at levels that you deem adequate? I’m just trying to get a sense of if you’ve kind of looked at that and how that analysis goes. 
Donal L. Mulligan: Our guidance for the year still remains the $30 million for restructuring, so we don’t see any change in our up-front costs, as you called it, or restructuring as we classify them, which is very similar to what we have done for the last several years so we think that’s the right budget for us.  The efficiencies that we are seeing and the gains that we are seeing in HMM because they are very broad-based, we don’t see requiring more up-front costs. What you have noticed is we have increased of our capital spending behind that and also capital spending behind our growth at our capacity, which we think is kind of the phase two benefit of HMM -- that is, we’ve seen the savings, we reinvested effectively, and now we are seeing the stronger top line growth. So HMM is, if you will, contributing a second wave of benefit -- now we are seeing it on the top line as well as in the middle of the P&L.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Great. Okay, thanks very much. That’s helpful. 
Kris Wenker : Everybody, I’m sorry but we are a little bit over time here and one of my speakers at least is booked heavily today so I apologize -- we’re going to have to cut it off there. I know there are other people with questions. Please give a shout. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everybody.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-07-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Ken Powel – CEO Don Mulligan – EVP & CFO Chris O’Leary – EVP & COO International Ian Friendly – EVP & COO US Retail Kris Wenker – VP IR 
Analysts:  Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs Unspecified Analyst Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank  Unspecified Analyst David Driscoll - Citi  Unspecified Analyst Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital  
Kris Wenker: Good morning everybody. For those of you I haven’t had a chance to meet, I’m Kris Wenker and I want to welcome all of you that have joined us here in Boston. We’re also welcoming everyone who is listening on the webcast.  Here with me are General Mill’s Chairman and CEO, Ken Powel, our CFO Don Mulligan, Chris O’Leary, who is Chief Operating Officer for our international businesses, and Ian Friendly, who is our Chief Operating Officer for US Retail.  Before they begin I need to remind you that our presentation will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and as the slide behind me illustrates, there are many factors that could cause our future results to be different than our estimates.  We issued a press release earlier this morning that contains our fourth quarter and 2009 fiscal year results. You can find a copy of that press release on our website along with slides we’ll be using in today’s presentation and the last few slides will reconcile non-GAAP measures that we’ll be referencing today.  So with that I will turn the meeting over to Ken Powel. 
Ken Powel : Okay well good morning to one and all. Thank you Kris. We are very glad that you have been able to join us this morning to hear us talk about General Mills’ strong performance in 2009 and our plans for continuing growth in 2010. Four years ago we established the model that you’re looking at right now for our earnings growth. It calls for low single-digit growth in net sales, mid single-digit growth in segment operating profit and high single-digit growth in earnings per share. And we believe that this earnings growth coupled with an attractive dividend yield should result in double-digit returns to General Mills shareholders over time.  Now as we’ve said many times before this model is not the absolute best we can do but it is the level of growth we believe we should deliver to shareholders consistently and over time. In good years we can exceed this model and I’m very pleased to report that the fiscal 2009 was a very good year. Today’s press release summarizes our results which exceeded our long-term model and the specific targets we set for 2009 back when the year began. Net sales increased 8% to reach $14.7 billion. Segment operating profits grew faster than sales, up double-digits to exceed $2.6 billion.  Earnings per share grew 2%. This includes several items that effect the comparability of our results year over year. Excluding those items earnings per share totaled $3.98 in 2009, up 13% from comparable earnings of $3.52 per share in 2008. Sales and earnings growth in 2009 include some benefit from an extra week this fiscal year. But our results exceeded our growth targets even without the extra week and we believe this represents strong financial performance in a very challenging operating environment.  Our net sales growth in 2009 included contributions from a pricing and mix which we needed to partially offset higher input costs. Pound volume contributed two points of net sales growth and foreign currency translation reduced net sales growth by two percentage points.  Our sales growth was broad based as you can see in this table. Each of our US retail divisions recorded net sales increases including double-digit gains for Small Planet Foods, for baking products, Yoplait, Pillsbury, and Big G Cereals. I should note that snacks growth would be higher if you exclude the divested Pop Secret business from both years.  And Small Planets reported growth benefited from the LaraBar acquisition. Net sales for our international segment also grew double-digit on a constant currency basis. So our business portfolio is clearly showing its resilience in this challenging economic environment.  We faced significant input cost pressure in our business last year. Our plan estimated 9% inflation, the highest rate that we’ve seen in many years and our actual costs essentially matched that estimate. I’m pleased to report that our company wide focus on holistic margin management or as we call it HMM, that focus enabled us to offset this cost pressure and protect our gross margin in 2009. On an as reported basis, gross margin was within 10 basis points of last year and if you exclude several items that effect comparability of results year over year, gross margin rose modestly.  By protecting our margins we generated the funds to increase consumer marketing support for our brands. In 2009 our consumer marketing investment grew at a strong double-digit rate building on spending increases made in each of the past three years. This reinvestment is fueling net sales growth and it supports value added brands in an environment where lower priced retailer brands are getting increased attention.  We took actions during 2009 that strengthened our business portfolio. We acquired LaraBar, a leading fruit and nut based energy snack. We sold our Pop Secret microwave popcorn business. We exited two foodservice businesses and we exited pasta and cheese bread businesses in Brazil in order to focus our operations in that country on our Nature Valley and our Haagen-Dazs brands.  We finished the year with strong performance in the final quarter. Net sales grew 5%, segment operating profits were up double-digit due primarily to lower input costs year over year. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were double last year’s level primarily due to a large swing in the mark-to-market valuation of commodity positions.  Excluding mark-to-market effects and the other items effecting comparability of results our fourth quarter EPS would be up 18%. And remember these results once again reflect some benefit from the extra week.  Reported sales growth for the last quarter doesn’t quite do justice to our real business momentum because foreign currency exchange and divestitures are dampening the number, but as you see in the press release US retail sales grew 12% in the fourth quarter, international net sales were also up 12% on a constant currency basis and the bakery and foodservice sales decline is moderated when you exclude results from divested businesses in both years.  We also continue to reinvest at strong levels in the fourth quarter with consumer marketing spending up 19% for the period. We expect that investment to help sustain our top line momentum as we move into 2010.  Our businesses generated strong cash flow in 2009 and we returned much of that cash to shareholders through share repurchase and increased dividends. Annual dividends per share grew 10% in 2009, and on Monday of this week, we announced a 9% increase in the quarterly dividend rate to $0.47 per share effective with the August 3rd payment.  We’ve stayed tightly focused on our business model and our long-term growth goals and that’s resulted in consistent superior performance. Over the past three years we’ve added $3 billion sales, more than $500 million in operating profit, and we’ve grown our underlying earnings per share at a double-digit compound rate.  This sustained financial performance stacks up very well relative to the results from our peer companies. And our goal is to build on this strong growth in 2010 and we think our chances of doing that are excellent.  The major food categories where we compete are growing and at attractive rates. Our leading brands are driving growth in our categories because they offer the nutrition, convenience, and value that today’s consumers are looking for. Our company wide focus on holistic margin management is protecting our margins. And our increased consumer marketing support is fueling net sales growth for our businesses. So we’re looking forward to telling you more about our progress and the plans we have for 2010 and here’s the agenda for the rest of our time together this morning.  Ian Friendly will start us off with an update on the US retail business and then Chris O’Leary is going to talk about the growth plans for our international operation. Don Mulligan will give you an update on bakery and foodservice and then summarize General Mills’ financial targets for fiscal 2010. And I’ll wrap up with a few comments on our over arching business strategies as we go into the new year, and then we’ll be happy to take some questions.  So with that over to Ian. 
Ian Friendly : Thanks Ken and good morning everyone. I’m happy to be here to update you on our 2009 performance and our plans to drive continuing growth for our categories and our brands in 2010. General Mills US retail businesses just wrapped up a terrific year. Sales were up 11% crossing the $10 billion mark for the first time. Profit growth was even stronger, up 12% and even with significantly higher input costs and strong marketing spending behind our brands, we grew our operating margin by 30 basis points to 22%. Our brands are one of our biggest assets and we continue to invest to keep them healthy and relevant.  Consumer marketing spending for US retail was up 19% in 2009. Our total trade spending increased as well but our programs were more efficient so trade costs per case declined for the fourth quarter consecutive year.  We delivered great innovation in 2009. We introduced 80 new items including two new product lines; Savorings and Macaroni Grill, that are both off to a good start. Our new introductions were highly incremental and margin accretive, consistent with our goals. More than 5% of our 2009 sales came from products introduced in the past year.  We also improved the health attributes of our portfolio. Since 2005 we’ve made health improvements on 45% of our US retail products. Our product innovation and consumer marketing resulted in increased base line or non-promoted sales across most of our key categories last year. We’re pleased with these gains because base lines are one of the best indicators of the underlying health of a business.  We drove strong growth across both measured and non-measured retail channels. In the channels where we have data our retail sales grew 7% overall last year. Growth in non-measured channels was even stronger. Our net sales to club store customers increased at a high single-digit rate and our sales to drug and discount, dollar stores and the natural channel were all up at strong double-digit rates.  So when we look at Nielson data together with estimates of our performance in non-measured channels we grew our aggregate dollar share in 2009. That’s due in part to the fact that our brands represent good value for consumers.  This slide shows the average non-promoted price per serving for a variety of our products. Even before any reduction for merchandising they are very affordable choices. And as a result our brands are growing despite increased attention on retailer brands in this environment.  In total retailer brands represent 15% of sales in our categories. That’s up from a year ago but still well below the 19% of sales they hold in food and beverage categories across the store. In fact because our leading brands are driving growth for our retailers, we actually increased our distribution in 2009. Our total points of distribution were up 2% for the year and that includes growth in the last quarter. We finished the year with good momentum. Net sales grew 12% in the fourth quarter including the benefit of the 53rd week with growth across all divisions and our operating profit grew even faster as we recovered gross margin given up in last year’s fourth quarter.  As we had projected our merchandising levels were down in the final quarter from high prior year levels but our base line growth remains solid and we continue to reinvest at strong rates with marketing spending up 26% in the fourth quarter.  We believe we can continue to lead growth for our brands and our categories in 2010. We compete in growing on-trend categories with a terrific portfolio of brands. We’re driving growth for our retail partners across the grocery store and I feel great about our product and marketing innovation plans for the new year.  It certainly helps to compete in good categories and we do. Our categories are on trend with the health and value needs of today’s consumers and they deliver great taste and convenience. Sales of our food categories grew about 4.5% in 2009 in measured channels alone, 50% faster than sales growth across food and beverage categories in total.  We compete in these categories with terrific brands, and we hold the number one or number two share position in all our key categories. General Mills is driving growth across the store for our retail partners. This slide shows the dollar share of the top 10 manufactures across all food and beverage sales in the Nielson measured channels.  The list includes companies you know well like Kraft, Kellogg’s, and Campbell’s. General Mills share of total food and beverage dollar sales is about 3.5%, but our share of total growth across all food and beverage categories last year was 5%. We were the only top 10 manufacturer to grow our share of industry sales in 2009. We led growth in our categories and we plan to keep it up in 2010. Our business model will remain the same. We’ll drive growth through innovation and brand building efforts fueled by our continued commitment to holistic margin management. You’ll see a greater focus from us on the inherent value our products offer.  It is something consumers care about and our portfolio delivers. I think the game will be won in 2010 by those who can deliver good growth on the top line, so that’s where I’ll focus most of my comments today.  Let me start with Big G, 2009 was nothing short of a fantastic year for our cereal business. Net sales were up 11%. Growth in measured channels was strong resulting in a share gain of more than a point. Our sales in non-measured channels grew nicely as well including double-digit growth in club, dollar, and drug and discount stores.  We delivered strong HMM innovation resulting in margin gains and the number of households that buy our cereals increased by more than a point in 2009. That bodes well for future growth. The real key to our performance this year was base line growth.  Consumers bought Cheerios, Lucky Charms, and Fiber One at every day prices not just when they were on sale. Base line sales grew 4% in 2009 and growth accelerated during the year with base lines up 5% in the second half. The percent of our dollar volumes sold at reduced prices was actually down slightly for the year.  But the merchandising was more impactful resulting in good growth in merchandising effectiveness measures. And our merchandising returns to a more balanced flow across the year so quarterly comparisons in 2010 will be less noisy.  Cheerios, the number one cereal franchise in the US hosted a 10% sales increase in measured outlets. We achieved strong double-digit gains on Honey Nut and Multi Grain Cheerios and new Banana Nut Cheerios launched in January was the largest cereal introduction in the last 12 months.  The good growth extends beyond Cheerios. Many of our kid focused brands were up nicely as well; Lucky Charms, Cinnamon Toast Crunch and Reese’s Puffs, all delivered strong growth in 2009 led by base line increases.  Fiber One sales were up 35% in AC Nielson outlets. This brand is our fastest growing cereal with Hispanic consumers, an important demographic. In 2010 Big G is focused on driving continued growth with innovation on our core brands. For starters, we’ll bring flavor varieties to growing Total and Cookie Crisp franchises.  We’ll convert additional Chex cereal varieties to gluten free building on the success we had in 2009 with gluten free Rice Chex. And we’ll offer larger packages on some of our most popular brands as a value offering for consumers.  We’ll support our established and new items with strong consumer marketing efforts. In 2010 Honey Nut Cheerios will expand its successful Hispanic campaign. We’ll continue to focus on the role Cheerios can play in helping to reduce the risk of heart disease and we’ve got a great Cinnamon Toast Crunch ad that kids love. So by staying focused on the fundamentals and innovating, Big G will do its part to keep the cereal category growing. Industry growth in 2009 was the best we’ve seen in 14 years and we expect the category to keep growing in the years ahead. People are eating breakfast at home more often and cereal is the most frequently chosen option.  And despite all that growth cereal is still consumed by only a third of all breakfast occasions. We believe Big G has the brands to lead continued category growth. Let’s turn to the soup category, where Progresso has driven growth for the ready-to-serve segment in recent years with innovation like Rich & Hearty, Reduced Sodium varieties, and the Light segment we created in 2008. Ready-to-serve soup is now a $1.6 billion category in measured channels alone. And we estimate sales exceed $2 billion across all channels. Progresso has grown faster than the category for the last six years and our share of ready-to-serve soup has increased to nearly 35% of category sales.  We think this category is right on trend with consumer needs for taste, convenience, health, and value. So in 2010 we’re focused on innovation that we think will drive growth for our business and the ready-to-serve soup category. In July, we’re introducing Progresso High Fiber soups. Nine out of 10 Americans fail to get their daily value of fiber. These four new soups provide 28% of the daily recommended intake.  We think this is some good health news for the soup category. Our advertising will focus on the many benefits of ready-to-serve soups and Progresso’s unique combination of great taste and health. So we’re looking forward to good growth on this business in 2010. Yogurt is another category that lines up well with the needs of today’s consumers. Yoplait has delivered great growth in this category. Total sales in measured channels were up 8% last year led by 18% growth on our Light business. This is the fifth consecutive year of double-digit growth for the Light business.  And long-term growth prospects for this category are excellent. Per capita consumption in the US is still well below that of more developed yogurt markets around the world. In 2010 we’re focused on bringing innovation to keep the category and our Yoplait business growing. We’re introducing Yoplait Delights Parfait. Delights have two visible yogurt layers, a thick creamy texture, and come in great flavors like chocolate raspberry, and lemon torte with only 100 calories.  They’re a smart snack or dessert alternative. We think Delights will drive incremental category sales. We’re also introducing Yoplait Smoothie. These fruit and yogurt pouches will be in the frozen section of the store. Consumers just add milk and blend to make a great tasting smoothie with the benefits of live and active cultures.  We tested this product in market last year and it performed very well. It will be available nationally in September. We’ll also continue to build our core business. We’re reintroducing Yoplait Whips with a new vanilla crème flavor and a try it frozen campaign. By putting Whips in the freezer, consumers can have a new way to enjoy this great product.  We’ll communicate key health benefits like the calcium and vitamin D in Yoplait or the new and improved Fiber One yogurt with five grams of fiber, zero grams of fat, and only 50 calories per serving.  And we’re extending our Yo-Plus pro biotic line with three new reduced calorie items. Yo-Plus Light has only 70 calories per serving and is a nice addition to this growing line. Now, the three businesses I just covered, cereal, soup, and yogurt, are important businesses to us.  They represent about 40% of US retail net sales and they are the ones you ask about most often. But the key to our performance this past year has been the strength of our whole portfolio, so I’d like to spend some time now on the brands that make up the other 60% of our sales.  Over the past year many of General Mills long established brands have shown their real resilience. Retail sales of Bisquick and Gold Medal Flour both grew more than 20% in 2009. Core brands like Helpers, Pillsbury Toaster Strudel, and Totino’s Pizza Rolls, all delivered strong double-digit growth.  Sales for grain snacks including Nature Valley and Fiber One were up 10% last year. In fact General Mills is the market share leader in the grain snacks category for the first time in 15 years. Betty Crocker desserts were up 9% and Pillsbury refrigerated baked goods, Old El Paso Mexican products, Green Giant frozen vegetables, and Chex Mix all delivered solid retail sales growth. So we really do have a portfolio for all seasons and its helping us stay strong in today’s challenging environment. We will keep investing and innovating across our portfolio and we have a number of initiatives planned for fiscal 2010. We’re adding two new varieties to the Savorings line we launched in January giving consumers more options for their at home entertaining.  We’re adding new flavors to our restaurant favorites line which helps consumers prepare restaurant quality meals at home. And we’re bringing the Wanchai Ferry brand to the frozen section with the introduction of five easy to prepare entrées. These products target a rapidly growing section of the freezer case.  They are designed to serve two and provide a complete meal including the chicken or shrimp ready in just 14 minutes. We’re extending Nature Valley to a new form with the introduction of Nature Valley Nut Clusters. This product is a 100% natural combination of granola, nuts, and honey. We think this product can bring new users to the Nature Valley franchise.  And we’re introducing a line of gluten free baking products. These are the first nationally branded gluten free baking mixes and they are already generating great response from the 12% of consumers who are trying to reduce or avoid gluten in their diets.  In the refrigerated dough section, we’re adding Simply cookies. These ready to bake cookies have no trans fat and no artificial flavors, colors, or preservatives. They have a simple ingredient list and they taste great.  Sales for natural and organic foods overall are being impacted by the economy but our Small Planet Foods business is performing well. Last year our brands gained market share in 10 of the 12 categories we tracked in the traditional grocery and natural channel.  We’re introducing nine new items this summer including new cereals and grain bars, two reduced sodium soups, and new flavors of LaraBar. Those were just a few of the items we’re launching in 2010. In total we have more than 50 new products launching in the first half and these items meet the goals we established for our new products a few years ago.  They are bigger ideas, more incremental, and margin accretive. We’ll couple this strong innovation with impactful consumer marketing. We have lots of great examples but I’d like to highlight just a few today. The first ad highlights the value and special occasion quality of our Pillsbury biscuits. Next is the first television spot we’ve done on Fiber One Snack Bars. We’ll follow with a Yoplait ad targeting Hispanic consumers and then end with a spot for Honey Nut Cheerios that is driving terrific growth for this brand. Let’s take a look.  In total we’re projecting a high single-digit increase in consumer spending for our US retail businesses in 2010. So we’re not backing off from our strong levels of innovation and brand building. Consumers are back in the store and products across our portfolio deliver what they need; taste, convenience, nutrition, and value.  So we think this is a great time to talk about our brands and introduce new items. Let me wrap up with a quick word on holistic margin management. It is core to what we do and enables us to grow our margins and invest in our brands. Behind the scenes we have hundreds of initiatives under way to drive value by focusing on the things that matter to our consumers and reducing waste across our operations.  Although input cost pressure is moderating, we are just as committed to HMM. Its not a productivity initiative, its how we do business. And we think it gives us a competitive edge to drive growth for our brands. Overall I’d say it’s a great time for General Mills US retail businesses. The at home eating trend is at our back.  Our categories are growing. We’ve got an advantage brand portfolio. We’re executing well against our proven business model. And we think we can stay a step ahead by delivering innovation and value for our customers and consumers.  So for 2010 our targets include low single-digit growth in net sales driven by volume. We’ve got a strong innovation lineup and we plan to continue to invest to grow our brands. We’ll use HMM to fuel this investment and help us expand our margins. And we’re planning for a mid single-digit increase in operating profits in line with our long-term model.  So I expect another strong year for our US retail segment. And with that, I’ll turn you over to Chris O’Leary, to discuss our international businesses. 
Chris O’Leary : Thanks Ian and hello everyone. I’m happy to report that 2009 was a good year for General Mills international as well. Net sales last year totaled $2.6 billion. Our top line has grown at a 12% compound rate over the last three years. Profit growth has been strong too, although fiscal 2009 results were significantly impacted by foreign exchange. The dramatic strengthening of the US dollar last year created foreign currency headwinds for us. It reduced our net sales growth by nine points. It have an even bigger impact on our operating profit as you can see on this slide.  On a constant currency basis, we delivered 10% sales growth and 11% increase in operating profit last year, consistent with the double-digit growth we have posted in recent years. The FX impact has moderated recently but we still expect our reported sales and earnings growth will be reduced by translation and transaction effects in fiscal 2010. Don will share some specifics on that later this morning. My comments today will focus largely on constant currency results to give you better visibility to the underlying performance of our business. Our key international brands are generating good growth before the impact of foreign exchange. This slide shows 2009 sales growth on our global brands as well as key local brands. Wanchai Ferry and Nature Valley were both up more than 25%. Haagen-Dazs and Old El Paso delivered strong growth. Diablitos meat spread in Venezuela was up more than 20%. And net sales of Latina pasta in Australia grew 12%.  Our sales also grew across all major geographies. This slide shows constant currency growth rates. Net sales in Europe grew 4% driven by Old El Paso and strength in our UK business. Sales in Canada were up 7% with good gains from cereal and Fiber One bars.  Sales in the Asia Pacific region grew 16% led by China and in Latin America sales were up 22% driven by Nature Valley and Haagen-Dazs as well as local brands like Diablitos. We grew across both developed and developing markets. Sales were up 13% in the UK, 11% in Australia and in our emerging markets, sales in India increased 37% and China delivered more than 20% sales growth.  We continue to aggressively expand our business in China. Our key brands there are Haagen-Dazs, and Wanchai Ferry and both continue to grow at strong double-digit rates. Haagen-Dazs is sold in more than 100 shops and we regularly introduce new products.  In Haagen-Dazs Moon Cakes, our ice cream version of a traditional gift given during the mid autumn festival grew almost 40% last year. Our Wanchai Ferry frozen dumpling business is expanding rapidly as well as we capitalize on consumers’ needs for increased convenience.  And across our international businesses holistic margin management is really gaining momentum. It is quickly becoming part of the way we do business just like here in the US. In 2009 our HMM contributions were up more than 50%. As we turn our attention to 2010 we remain committed to our long-term model.  It focuses on three growth strategies. First, we will drive top line growth through innovation and geographic expansion. Second, we continue to improve margins fueled by growth of our key businesses and our expanding HMM efforts. And third, we will keep building our infrastructure and developing our people to support the larger international business we envision.  We are focused on four global platforms. The first of these is cereal, cereal sales in Canada are consolidated into our international segment results. The rest of our international cereal business is managed through our CPW joint venture with Nestle.  The second global business is super premium ice cream where we have the powerful Haagen-Dazs brand. Next is convenient meal solutions like our Old El Paso and Wanchai Ferry ethnic products. And the fourth global platform is healthy snacking which includes the Nature Valley franchise.  We are still in the building phase of these platforms and we have lots of room to grow by expanding distribution, and increasing household penetration. Cereal, Haagen-Dazs, Old El Paso, Nature Valley, each have operating margins above the company average. So our segment margin will improve as we expand these global businesses.  Now I’d like to share our plans to drive growth in 2010 on each of these key platforms. Ian talked earlier about our cereal performance in the US. Our cereal business in Canada just wrapped up a terrific year as well. We have been steadily gaining share for the last several years and our share was up a full point in 2009 driven by strong increases in base line sales.  We will leverage Honey Nut Cheerios, our largest brand in Canada and the power the entire Cheerios franchise to drive growth in 2010. We’ll work to increase household penetration on core established brands like Fiber One and Oatmeal Crisp. And we’ll leverage our sponsorship of the Vancouver Olympics giving us some fantastic marketing opportunities like the Cheerios Cheer postcards pictured on this slide that consumers can send to their favorite Canadian Olympic athlete. Overall we believe we can continue to lead growth in the expanding cereal category in Canada. Our second platform is super premium ice cream where we compete with Haagen-Dazs. Haagen-Dazs stands for affordable luxury in more than 60 markets where its available.  Sales on this business have grown in a 9% compound rate over the last five years. We sell our product in Haagen-Dazs shops, high end food service outlets, and retail stores. In 2010 we’ll strengthen our core business with additional flavors. And we’ll expand on the strong gifting tradition we’ve built with Haagen-Dazs Moon Cakes.  We will also continue to expand geographically, opening new shops in Egypt and in India. We have some good product innovation planned too. New Haagen-Dazs Ice Cream Smoothie, is a blend of Haagen-Dazs ice cream and fruit sorbet. It has half the fat, and 30% fewer calories then regular Haagen-Dazs ice cream but still delivers the great taste and uncompromising indulgence that this brand represents.  We’ve launched this in the UK, in France and in Spain, and initial results are quite encouraging. Let me shift to Old El Paso, which serves as the introduction to Mexican food for many consumers around the globe. This brand is available in about 20 markets outside the US and our sales of this brand in international markets actually exceeds sales in the US.  In 2010 we’ll launch some new products including a Healthy Fiesta line in Australia that is lower in saturated fat, and sodium and higher in fiber. We’ll extend the Old El Paso brand in Canada to side dishes including several rice varieties and we’ll continue to add to our product lineup in Europe with the introduction of several items including a new burrito kit.  In addition to our new product offerings we have some great consumer marketing to bring new households to our Old El Paso brand. Wanchai Ferry is our authentic frozen dumpling business in China. Sales have increased more than 20% a year since 2004 and we’re really just beginning to expand this brand.  As dual income households grow, consumers are looking for increased convenience. Wanchai Ferry offers convenient dumplings and other dough products along with authentic homemade taste. We have two big opportunities to grow this business. First, we can take the brand to new cities. Today we are in more than 60 cities in China and we’re the top dumpling brand in the three largest markets of Shanghai, Beijing and Guanjo.  In 2010 we have plans to add about 10 new cities. In addition to expanding geographically in China we can also expand Wanchai Ferry by entering new dim sum segments. To this point our products have been largely in the dumpling and wanton which represent about half of total dim sum sales. In 2010 we’re entering the Baozi and Mantou segments. These segments represent another 20% of category sales.  Wanchai Ferry is a strong equity in China and we’re extending it to more varieties that are important to Chinese consumers. The brand is travelling beyond the borders of China as well. Ian mentioned the Wanchai Ferry dinner kits and frozen entrées in the US. We recently introduced Wanchai Ferry to the United Kingdom with the launch of three dinner kits in that market.  Finally let me talk about our growth plans for Nature Valley. This is a great brand for General Mills here in the US and its proving to be a winner internationally as well. Sales have increased at a 25% compound growth rate over the last five years. And Nature Valley is currently available in more than 50 markets.  That number is growing rapidly as we continue to introduce Nature Valley in new countries. In 2010 we’ll bring Nature Valley to Korea, and to additional countries in the Middle East and we’ll add new cities and markets we’ve already entered. We’ll add Nature Valley chocolate varieties in Canada and in Europe and we have some exciting advertising initiatives in place. You can see a few examples on this slide.  To date our focus has been on introducing the Nature Valley Crunchy Bar in markets around the world but our product pipeline for grain snacks is tremendous. Our domestic grain snacks business has consistently added new items like Chewy Trail Mix Bars, that have been highly incremental and have driven growth in the category. As you can see on this chart we believe many of these items are a good fit with consumers around the globe. We just started adding Chewy Bars in several markets and we see plenty of opportunity to grow our grain snacks business outside the United States.  I’ve mentioned our brand building efforts a few times this morning. Our consumer spending was up at a double-digit rate last year on a constant currency basis. I’d like to take a minute now and show you a few examples of some TV spots we’re currently running. First you’ll see a spot for Honey Nut Cheerios from Canada. Next is an ad for Old El Paso Crispy Chicken Fajita Kit. The third is a Nature Valley spot from the UK and finally you’ll see a Haagen-Dazs ad that features our new Smoothie. Let’s take a look.  We’re projecting another strong increase in HMM contributions for our international business in 2010 as we drive improvements across all aspects of our business. Key projects include automating production of Wanchai Ferry products, consolidating some of our Nature Valley packaging, locally sourcing Green Giant vegetables for Asia and driving efficiencies in our trade and our consumer spending.  The final key to our international growth is people development. Our focus is on building global talent with leadership development programs, improved systems and processes, and a work culture that makes us the employer of choice wherever we operate. We have a great team of people and we’re committing to help them grow even stronger.  So let me summarize the outlook for our consolidated international businesses, foreign exchange remains a headwind and it will impact our reported results on both a translation and transaction basis in 2010. We have strong brands that are growing but still have plenty of potential. Our HMM efforts are just beginning and we’ll support brand investment and fuel margin expansion. For 2010 we’re targeting mid single-digit growth and double-digit operating profit growth on a constant currency basis.  Now before I turn it over to Don, let me comment briefly on our international joint ventures. Joint venture earnings in 2009 were $92 million, below last year’s levels due primarily to one-time gains in our year-ago numbers and the negative impact of foreign exchange.  Cereal partners worldwide represents the majority of our joint venture sales and our share of CPW net sales exceeded $1 billion. Net sales for the Haagen-Dazs ice cream venture in Japan totaled almost $200 million with pound volume down due to the difficult economic environment there.  For 2010 we’re targeting a mid single-digit increase in JV earnings driven by good growth on CPW. CPW as you know is our joint venture with Nestle selling cereal in more than 130 markets around the globe. Sales were up 9% for our fiscal 2009 period before foreign exchange impacts. Our core brands including Fitness, Nesquik, Cheerios and Chocapic continue to be important drivers of growth and we have excellent growth in key regional brands like Shreddies in the UK and Plus in Australia.  The global cereal categories continue to expand. But as you see on this slide per capita cereal consumption still leaves lots of room to grow. Sales in the UK and Australia are fairly well developed but the other markets the category is still in its early growth phase.  CPW is well positioned to capitalize on this growth with solid share positions in key established markets and a strong presence in many emerging markets like Russia, Brazil, Turkey, and Southeast Asia. This slide shows share performance in our 10 largest markets. CPW held or grew share in seven of their top 10 markets resulting in a net share increase for the joint venture in 2009. So the outlook for CPW is very positive. We see continued category growth as per capita consumption increases. We are well positioned in markets we believe will be strong drivers of growth in the years ahead and we expect to achieve continued share gains as we invest in product innovation and consumer marketing. CPW is adopting holistic margin management as well and we expect that will fuel marketing investment and improve our margins. I’ll wrap up my comments this morning with these key points. General Mills businesses outside the US continued to deliver good growth. We have unique, well positioned brands in developing countries. Our joint ventures bring strong earnings and cash to our overall results.  And much of our growth still lies ahead. Now I’ll turn you over to Don, to wrap up our business review.
Don Mulligan : Great thank Chris and good morning everyone. As Ken mentioned I’ve got two topics to cover today. I’ll start with a review of our bakeries and foodservice business. As we’ve discussed before the current economic trends are a headwind for this segment of our business. You can see the impact of weak foodservice industry conditions on our pound volume results for the year, which were below prior year levels.  However sales and operating profits were up modestly and remember that last year included unusually strong grain merchandising earnings. If you exclude grain merchandising profits for both 2009 and 2008, operating profits for this business segment grew 15% in 2009. That is industry leading performance in this environment.  We’re driving these results by prioritizing the branded portion of our product portfolio. Higher margin, branded products now generate more than 65% of our foodservice sales. And that percentage has consistently increased over the last few years. In 2009 net sales of our cereal brands in foodservice channels grew 7%, yogurt sales were up 13%, and sales for our snack brands are up 14% in these channels.  We’re also continuing to prune this portfolio. During 2009 we divested a portion of our frozen, unbaked bread dough business along with our bread concentrate business. Together these two product lines generated roughly $150 million in annual net sales. However they were in lower growth segments.  With these divestitures the percentage of our foodservice sales generated by higher margin, branded products will approach 70% in fiscal 2010. Our actions to reshape the portfolio are driving operating margin growth. Over the last four years we’ve improved the margin for this segment of our business by 200 basis points.  Its not at the double-digit level yet, but that’s still our longer-term expectation. Our business today is split between three primary customer channels; foodservice distributors, and restaurant customers accounted for roughly 45% of sales in 2009. Bakery customers generated another 45% of the sales, and the remaining 10% came from convenience stores and vending accounts.  We’re focusing on the customer channels that are showing the best resilience in this economy and those with the most attractive and profit opportunities. According to the latest projections from Technomic, overall foodservice industry sales are expected to climb between 2% and 3% in calendar 2009. But some channels like K through 12 schools, colleges and universities, and healthcare outlets are still expected to generate modest sales gains.  Food and beverage sales in convenience stores are also projected to grow this calendar year. We’re targeting our product innovation efforts on these growing foodservice channels. For example, we’re working with K through 12 school customers to be their go-to breakfast supplier, with the combination of our Big G cereals and Yoplait yogurt.  And we’re expanding into hot breakfast with our new Pillsbury Mini Pancakes. I know several of you tried this at the Cagney Conference back in February. We’re also launching Yoplait Parfait Pro, which helps foodservice operators make yogurt and granola parfaits with 50% less labor. And we’re bringing lots of new snack products to our convenience store customers, including the new Nut Clusters from Nature Valley and unique, spicy flavors of Chex Mix. In 2010 we expect that reported net sales and volumes for our bakeries and foodservice segment will be below 2009 levels. We’ll have one less week of sales, we divested $150 million in revenues, and we’re expecting that overall foodservice industry trends will remain weak. We’re also assuming lower prices for bakery flour in 2010 because industry practice is to index to the underlying commodity prices.  So these factors will reduce reported results. However we expect to achieve good underlying sales growth for our branded product lines. We expect segment operating profits will be below 2009 levels too. But profits should decline less than sales due to productivity and positive mix.  We see good opportunities to gain share in the current operating environment and looking longer term we still like the growth opportunities in the half a trillion dollar US market for food away from home. I don’t know when the economy will rebound, but as it does we expect consumers will revert at least some of their former habits of eating away from home.  So we believe the growth prospects of our brands in foodservice channels remains excellent. So now let me summarize our key expectations for General Mills growth in 2010. We built our plans for the year assuming that the global operating environment remains challenging. On the positive side the outlook for input costs is better. After five consecutive years of steep cost increases, we expect our input cost inflation to moderate in 2010. As a result our plan assumes little new pricing. We expect our 2010 growth rates on a reported basis to be constrained by one less week in the fiscal year and by the absence of sales from our divested businesses. Our plans also assume foreign exchange as a headwind for us in 2010. Let me give you a bit more detail on that.  As we noted in today’s press release our 2010 earnings guidance includes an estimated $0.15 per share drag from foreign exchange effects. Roughly 85% of that negative effect relates to transaction foreign exchange primarily in two markets; Canada which sources most of its finished goods from the US, and the UK which sources most of its products from continental Europe. A good portion of this transaction FX is hedged. The other 15% of our FX estimate is translation. Our estimates for this impact are based on the rates as of May, 2009. Obviously the actual impact of foreign exchange translation on our 2010 results will depend on the currency movements throughout the year.  So, including our estimates of foreign exchange effects, here is summary of our growth expectations for fiscal 2010 and remember this is 52 weeks of 2010 compared to 53 weeks for 2009. We expect net sales to be comparable to 2009 levels as reported. Segment operating profits should grow at a low single-digit level.  Our plan assumes $30 million of restructuring expenses. We expect net interest expense to increase at a low single-digit rate and we’re assuming a tax rate of 34% for the year basically in line with the underlying effective rate in 2009.  After tax earnings from joint ventures should grow at a mid single-digit rate and we’re targeting a net reduction in shares outstanding but less then our 2% long-term target as we do plan to pay down some debt. And our guidance is earnings of $4.20 to $4.25 per share before any impact of mark-to-market valuation of commodities.  These targets represent growth at the low end of our long-term model on an as reported basis. However if you exclude foreign exchange impacts our 2010 growth targets are squarely in line or above that long-term model.  We continue to target a combination of superior earnings growth and improving return on capital. Four years ago we established a goal to increase return on invested capital by an average of 50 basis points per year and we’ve done that in each of the ensuing years including fiscal 2009. We’re targeting another year of ROC improvement in 2010 although at a slightly more moderate pace. And while net earnings growth will continue to be the primary driver of ROC improvement disciplined use of cash also plays a role. Our businesses are strong generators of cash. In 2010 cash from operations totaled $1.8 billion, up 6% versus fiscal 2008. This includes a voluntary $200 million cash contribution we made to our principal pension plans at the end of the fiscal year. With that cash contribution these pension plans ended fiscal 2009 fully funded. For fiscal 2010 we will not be required to make any cash contribution to these plans. And the impact of pension and post retirement on the income statement should be roughly comparable to 2009. The first call on our cash in 2010 will continue to be the good growth opportunities and productivity projects we see in out business. Capital investments in 2009 totaled $563 million or just 4% of net sales. Our target for 2010 is $630 million and let me remind that about $30 million of that budget is the replacement of our Argentina plant which will be funded by the insurance proceeds we received in fiscal 2009. In addition to replacing that plant, our other significant projects in 2010 include capacity projects for grain snack bars, pizza rolls, yogurt, and cereal. After capital investments to support our business, we prioritize returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. General Mills annual dividend has been growing at a high single-digit compound rate in recent years.  As Ken mentioned in his opening remarks we just announced a 9% increase in the dividend for 2010. The new annualized rate represents a strong payout of our earnings to shareholders. It also represents a yield of more than 3% at recent prices for our stock.  Repurchasing stock is inherent to our shareholder return model. We target an average annual reduction in diluted shares outstanding of 2%. Over the past four years, we’ve met that objective. As I mentioned earlier, we’re targeting a further reduction in average shares outstanding in 2010 but at a rate less than our long-term target because we also plan to pay down some debt this year.  Our cash discipline in terms of working capital use was very good in 2009. Core working capital declined slightly from year ago levels reflecting sales timing shifts on accounts receivable and lower valuations in levels of grain inventories. Looking forward we’ll continue to target growth in core working capital at or below the rate of sales growth.  We also strengthened our balance sheet last year. Total debt at year end was $7.1 billion, up just 1% from prior year levels despite a strong growth in our business. As a result our operating cash flow to debt ratio improved to 26% and our ratio of fixed charge coverage improved to 5.3x. We also shifted our mix of debt during 2009 to longer and more fixed rate, in particular by taking advantage of a good window to term out some commercial paper with a 10 year bond that marketed at very attractive rates.  So let me wrap up my section of our presentation today with a summary of General Mills financial condition and outlook. General Mills delivered high quality sales and earnings growth in fiscal 2009 and plans call for continued growth in 2010. Our cash flow from operations is healthy and growing and we’re returning a significant portion of that cash to shareholders.  And our balance sheet is strong reflecting progress we’ve made in recent years to improve key financial ratios. I’ll look forward to talking to you more about our continued growth in 2010 as the year progresses. But now I’ll turn you back to Ken for some wrap up comments today.
Ken Powel : Alright thanks Don, so I hope that in these presentations that we’ve demonstrated that General Mills is positioned to achieve another year of good growth and returns in fiscal 2010. We’ve been investing in our businesses and strengthening our brands and our business portfolio is resilient, built to deliver good performance through all seasons including today’s challenging environment.  We believe our long-term growth model is serving us well. It focuses our organization on delivering consistent, high quality earnings growth and shareholder return. Back in 2006 we established sales and earnings goals for the year 2010 based on our growth model. Two years later in 2008 we were able to raise our 2010 targets as a result of strong financial performance and today, we’ve raised those 2010 targets once more based on the good growth of our businesses this year.  With the year 2010 now at hand, we’ll need to set some new longer-term growth goals for the company and we’ll be conducting our annual long range planning process this fall and after that plan is completed, we’ll look forward to sharing some new long-term growth targets with you.  We see five key drivers of our continuing growth, innovation and margin expansion are the bedrock of what we do. We innovate to develop products that meet consumer needs. Innovation also drives our productivity initiatives and these cost savings ideas help us protect and expand margins for our businesses around the world.  Now beyond these two bedrock factors we grow by investing in advertising and other forms of consumer marketing to build our brands. We grow by partnering effectively with our customers and we grow by expanding our business in international markets where we’re really just getting started.  We will stay sharply focused on this business model which is driven by holistic margin management or HMM. This company wide discipline of leveraging productivity, mix and price has enabled us to offset significant input cost inflation in recent years, protect our gross margins, and reinvest increasing levels of consumer marketing support in our brands.  Our plans for 2010 include a high single-digit increase in consumer marketing investment. We’ll keep improving our established products by adding health attributes, by offering new flavor varieties and by making them easier to prepare. And we’ll keep innovating to bring customers great tasting new products with the nutrition, convenience, and value that they’re looking for today.  Worldwide we plan to launch more than 150 new products in the first half of 2010 alone. We have tremendous strengths to leverage as we move forward. We compete in food categories that are on trend and growing. Consumers are spending more of their food dollars for meals at home and that trend is a tailwind for our US retail and our international businesses.  Our brands hold large and growing market positions in these categories. Our company wide focus on HMM helps us to protect margins and we’re increasing our marketing support behind our brands. Most important of all, we have exceptional people working across the business around the world. Their innovation and commitment give me great confidence in our continuing growth.  So that’s the General Mills update this morning. We had a strong year with sales up 8% and comparable EPS up 13%. We took actions during 2009 that position us for continued superior growth including strong holistic margin management that protected our margins and significant consumer marketing investments to build brands.  And we’re sticking with this game plan again in 2010 and believe the prospects are very bright for another year of strong growth and returns to shareholders. So that concludes our prepared remarks. Ian, Chris, Don and I would be happy to take a few questions. Wait for a microphone so that listeners on the webcast can hear you. Thank you. 
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: Can you talk about the increased competition that you’re seeing in some of your key categories like cereal and yogurt and how you’re thinking about the merchandising dollars, is there a need to really take that up as you’re seeing increased competition in those categories.
Ian Friendly : Yes, we’re certainly seeing in some of our key categories increased levels of merchandising. We’ve seen that a little bit from one competitor in cereal. We’ve seen it in yogurt. And I guess we expect it in soup. That being said, our competitors are normally a very rational set of competitors who are trying to grow the category and so far we don’t think its changed really the nature of our game.  We’re competitive enough in that area and our level of innovation and our consumer brand support is really what we think will fuel base line growth which ultimately will be the tail of the tape but we’ll make sure that we’re appropriately competitive in the merchandising arena and while I’ve seen a little bit early in the year that I think hotter then I would normally like to see, I wouldn’t find any of it alarming. 
Unspecified Analyst: So just to follow-up on that, have you changed your merchandising plans for the year in any way or are those pretty steady with what you expected in relation to that answer. 
Ian Friendly : Yes, our merchandising plans for next year are pretty similar levels of expenditures for this year and so there are always adjustments to be made on how to do it better, but in gross terms we see it pretty similar. 
Unspecified Analyst: If I could ask a question on HMM that encompasses a lot of things, cost savings and mix and one element of that is managing your mix well in the business, I’m just curious in a difficult economic environment as you look at 2010, do you expect mix to be positive in the year. The new products seem to be enhancing mix, any other general comments about the business mix across your portfolio. 
Ian Friendly : Yes, I think mix has generally been very good and one of the things we just always have to remember is cereal is a category that absolutely thrives, well in good times and in bad, but it particularly thrives in more difficult economic times and cereal is the best mix play that General Mills can have. And so when cereal is growing at the rate its growing, it generally is very positive to us.  So we’re that so even within other categories. We’re not seeing in our own portfolio a trade down effect per say, generally we’re seeing mix gains. But over our entire portfolio, cereal as a category is the one that really drives it. 
Don Mulligan : The other thing I would add to that over the last three years, and I think Ian you mentioned this in your presentation we’ve had a really high focus in our new product activity on selecting for launch products that we thought would really be highly incremental and we’ve really improved the discipline around making sure that we’re launching new products that are either mix neutral or mix accretive.  And our performance on that last measure of accretive new products has dramatically improved and so I think that’s another driver of positive mix as we go into this new year. 
Kris Wenker: And you have both concentrated on US retail, but Chris you might want to say a word about mix internationally because you’re key platforms is working for you there too. 
Chris O’Leary : Yes, as obviously we are focused on margin expansion as our margins are below the company average but the good news is all these global platforms, Haagen-Dazs, Old El Paso, Nature Valley, have company, average margins above the company average and as you saw from the presentation we’re growing those brands quite strongly so our mix is going to naturally improve with that and that’s a key part of our strategy to improve margins around the globe. 
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank : Looking at your fiscal 2010 plan, you’re clearly relying much more on volume and very little on price in terms of driving the top line, which is not surprising given the current environment, looking at the fourth quarter reported volume numbers though, adjusting for the extra week, they looked like they were down slightly on a year on yea basis and perhaps both to the total company and in US retail, so I’m wondering whether you could address some of the factors that led to the volume declines in the fourth quarter for both the company and US retail. Did the divestitures in bakeries have a significant impact there and I know you had a tough comp with US retail volumes of 6% last year, if you could give us some color. 
Ian Friendly : I can give you the US retail component and Ken or Don will comment on the rest, our sales dollar growth let’s say in the fourth quarter which was reported at 12 but might be if you took out the effect of the extra week would be a mid single-digit, 5%, which is very much in line with our growth model and if you looked at our consumer intake, off take I should say, over the same period it would be low to mid single-digit off take by Neilson and Wal-Mart retail [link] and so forth, so that’s about in line. In fact it was slightly stronger than what we were expecting. You may recall we said it at the Cagney and even at the beginning of the year that because in the year prior we had right size, right price push all our cereal particularly merchandising into Q4, that this year we would rebalance.  We would have stronger merchandising spread out throughout the year and then Q4 we would be significantly below our levels of last year. That’s exactly what’s played out, mostly in cereals, its true in some of our other categories as well.  And so our Q4 was very much designed to be that way and in actual fact relative to our expectations it outperformed and the reason it outperformed was the base line particularly in cereal were that much stronger than we had forecast. So we’re not concerned about Q4 per say. It was very much in line if not a little bit better with what we were expecting in US retail. 
Chris O’Leary : For the two other segments, international had 5% volume growth. It had very little impact from the 53rd week because most of our countries report on a monthly basis. So that was not heavily impacted by the 53rd week. And then on bakeries and foodservice we did have the impact of the divestiture which was $150 million, about 7% of the total portfolio. It was out for most of the quarter. In addition we also had some bakery flour, similar to what we saw in Q3 where as the pricing came down, we didn’t chase volume in that segment. 
Don Mulligan : As you know, this is also one of the lumpiest measures that we have. You can look at it, its best to look at volume I think on a nine or 12 month basis and we’re quite confident that our volume expectation for next year is very reasonable given the category development that we continue to see. 
Unspecified Analyst: I have a few questions, the first is a little more broader based. The company has done a, in my opinion, a great job in terms of being out front on weight loss, organic, and I suppose health oriented products and it seems like you’re gearing up for a more ethnic push but the last time the company tried that, it failed pretty quickly with [Power su Familia] and I think maybe a few other products. So I’m kind of wondering why you think now you’re going to be successful in the ethnic push. 
Don Mulligan : Are you referring to some new products that you saw or—
Unspecified Analyst:  Advertising. 
Ian Friendly : If you look at the growth demographics of the country there’s the two most powerful on an age profile it’s the unfortunate aging of the baby boomers and so our health initiatives help with that. And then as it relates to families which we sell a lot of products to families most child and new family formation is going to be coming from consumers of a multicultural background. And I guess I don’t accept the premise, in fact we’ve been spending quite heavily, we’ve almost tripled our expenditures over the last three years against marketing to the Hispanic consumers and they’ve led our growth.  They have grown stronger than the non-Hispanic consumer set. We are seeing great returns. We get an ROI on that just like we do on other aspects of our consumer spend. So as it relates to marketing to this very important large and growing part of consumers, both African American and Hispanic, we’re seeing great results.  We’re very pleased with it. I think we have had, you’re quoting we’ve had, I think when we came out with products that were very specifically and narrowly designed for those communities, that hasn’t worked as well for us. When we take the products they already know and love, Honey Nut Cheerios, Yoplait yogurt, and market it in a more meaningful and targeted way, we have seen fabulous results and we’re going to do more of that. 
Ken Powel : The other thing I would add to that is that, our customers are very, very interested in this entire opportunity and so we are partnering with them, particularly in the southwestern parts of the US and where we have high concentrations of Hispanic consumers, we’re developing promotional activities that we can run with them in store and this is a very positive development and opportunity for us that as Ian said, its driving differential growth for us. 
Unspecified Analyst: Two questions on the specific parts of the portfolio, one, can you comment on the Pillsbury dough business and the potential impact of the Nestle Tollhouse recall. 
Ian Friendly : We’re sort of in the off season right now obviously so that business doesn’t really start hitting its high seasonal impact until September and my guess is most of that will have come and gone by that time. We’re seeing no impact, negative impact on our business at all. We’re surveying consumers and it is not translating from Tollhouse over to Pillsbury. We’re seeing customers clearly order more of our products right now as they have empty shelf slots to fill until Nestle gets back into business, but other then that, we’re not seeing any other effect. 
Unspecified Analyst: And then last question on Progresso, in a lot of the slides that you put up you quote Nielson and Wal-Mart, but on Progresso, you only quote Nielson and according to Campbell’s if you include the Wal-Mart you aren’t gaining share. So can you talk a little bit more about your share trends in Progresso including Wal-Mart and alternative outlets and whether, what is the right data point between the two of you. 
Ian Friendly : We do not get access as we’re not in charge of the category at Wal-Mart for soup so I can’t tell you the total category performance at Wal-Mart. I can certainly say that we did better this year with our traditional customers then we did at Wal-Mart. Campbell soup had, was in a special sort of merchandising arrangement at Wal-Mart so I assume they did very well and strong.  Our best guess as we look at secondary data though is we held share overall in the marketplace but I can’t tell you specifically at Wal-Mart other then I do think Campbell soup grew very fast at Wal-Mart. I think they’re telling you accurate data there. We were not participants in that kind of program. 
David Driscoll - Citi : So a couple of questions, first one is back to that 53rd week, I do want to make sure that I’m clear on this, so 53rd week contributed 6% to sales growth in the fourth quarter, you’re saying that it did not have a significant impact on the international business thus its disproportionate, it’s a higher number so then it would be 7% or something like that to US retail. That would actually suggest a weaker volume performance on an organic basis within US retail then maybe my first look this morning. 
Chris O’Leary : Four to 5%, sales growth. 
David Driscoll - Citi : And then in bakeries and foodservice, it would just be the six points, it should flow through. There’s nothing funny there. 
Don Mulligan : No there’s nothing unusual in the bakeries and foodservice. 
David Driscoll - Citi : Second question is that, and Ken this goes back to some of the comments you made about new products and Ian, there was I believe you announced in your presentation there’s 50 new products to be introduced in US retail in the first half of F09, I believe that’s going to be down about 15% versus what you produced, what you launched in the first half of 2009, 2009 was a good year. Certainly I believe you used the word fantastic and I don’t disagree so I almost want to throw this back to you and say why should I be happy to see a 15% reduction in new product activity in the first half of 2009, what’s the confidence level here that the incrementality of the new products that you’re doing is so much better than the ones you did in 2009 that were successful and maybe could you just put a number to it so that we can put this one to bed. 
Ian Friendly : We’re quite excited about our new products. We have a plan. Obviously we’ll be also be introducing new products later in the year as we did this year as well. Roughly speaking our percent to volume that we expect next year from new products is in line with what we would have expected this time last year and don’t forget we have what we launched, we also have carryover, Banana Nut Cheerios which has been a big success, was launched middle of the year last year.  It will be incremental to whole first half and that’s true for several other new items. So I think the combination of what we have in carryover and the size and scale of the ideas that we have next year, I would put them together and say its roughly comparable. I will also tell you that we’re out of the business of counting numbers and new SKUs and items. That’s a dangerous place.  We were in that business for a while and it causes us to launch smaller ideas that don’t work and don’t get our base back for shareholders and so we have a very good level of new product activity next year. Hopefully bigger, better ideas as opposed to large numbers of ideas. The percent of volume that we expect to get is roughly similar. 
Ken Powel : The only thing I would add to that is I think Ian is right on. We’re very focused on incrementality and size and sort of benefit to the consumer but the other thing I would add to that is we’ve heard some of the players in our space talk about, this is a time to launch fewer new products and we’re going to kind of pull in and we’re not looking at it that way at all. We think this is a great time to launch new products and the feedback that we have generally from our customers is that our new product portfolio as we go into our new fiscal year is terrific. They would say that we are best in class right now so we feel, we think this is a terrific lineup of new products. 
David Driscoll - Citi : Final question, can you comment on trade deloading. Any trade deloading, have you seen any effects in the fourth quarter either domestically or internationally. 
Ian Friendly : I should let Chris comment obviously on the international, domestically we don’t and in fact our movement and our deliveries were almost in sync in Q4 for us, very, very similar. So we do not see any effects of trade deloading in the US business. 
Chris O’Leary : Same around the globe, nothing material.
Unspecified Analyst: A question here, a couple of them, first is on holistic margin management, can you give us any kind of details as to how to quantify the savings that you’ve generated this year and what you expect next year. You mentioned hundreds of projects but can you give us just some examples of what are the key ones that are increasing productivity at your facilities and then secondly, I’ve heard some rumblings about some value offerings in the cereal category. I think you mentioned some entries of your own, what do you foresee in terms of value offerings, 25% more volume, in a box from yourself and from your competitors as the year goes on. 
Ken Powel : So we don’t give you numbers on HMM but I think the most meaningful and powerful set of numbers that we’ve shown you today is that we’ve been able over the last four or five years and particularly over the last two years in an environment of very significantly high input cost inflation, we’ve been able to basically protect our margins. And so I think that’s a very good testimony for the power of that HMM concept that we have going throughout General Mills.  And there really are, its hundreds of projects. Someone asked about mix management and I think we gave you a little bit of a flavor of how we’re trying to drive mix because that is a positive driver of HMM but then you get down into our plants and that really is still a wheelhouse for us. The way we procure inputs, the way we process them in the plant. We’ve got lots of activities designed to eliminate waste in that manufacturing process.  It then moves out into the logistics environment, the accuracy of our forecasting. We’ve got projects now that enable us to consolidate loads and fill trucks better and that takes trucks off the road and reduces diesel and lowers our costs. So it really is holistic. And that’s why we refer to it that way and its something that we’ve driven very deeply throughout the company around the world and the proof of the pudding I think is very impressive margin performance. 
Ian Friendly : And I’ll add just if you’re looking, as Ken said there’s hundreds of examples. The one really interesting tangible one that we’re doing that started this year and will go into next year, we’re mostly divisionalized but what we’re finding often times is we’re a very big buyer of certain ingredients but the spec if ever so slightly different for the flour we might use in snack products versus cereal versus baking or the sugar spec and our R&D teams have been working on how much of that is functional, how much of that is just accidental because of independent development paths and so we’re looking at many of our ingredient streams across the company and seeing if the specs can be aligned so that the one being bought for snacks is not any different than the one being bought for cereal.  And your negotiation strength to buy that ingredient is substantially higher and its generating significant savings as an example. So, we’re always finding new ways. I think now looking across the company and how to get in the [seams] between the divisions, not inside the divisions and the functions only, has been very productive for us as a, just to let you know that there’s always new trees to find HMM examples on.  Your other question was on value offerings in cereal, and the one I had referenced is really that in some of our large retailers when you look at the value orientation consumers, they’re not buying the cheapest price on the shelf, the entry level price on the shelf, they’re buying very large volume packages and usually this is large families and so we have super sized versions of some of our largest SKUs.  We’re adding to that and that trend really varies by customer. In some of our customers its all about the entry level price offering and other customers its all about having a very good price per ounce on a large size and so we are tailoring our strategies and efforts to the consumer base of our customers and it varies. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital : In looking forward then on HMM just as a quick follow-up to that, would it be a fair statement to say that the incremental saves that you generate in fiscal 2010 can be still equal to our more than maybe what you saw incrementally in fiscal 2009, just trying to sort of, because all of the projects and all the things you’ve talked about make sense, but that’s also sort of backward looking in terms of what you’ve been able to offset to keep your margins relatively stable. Just wanted to get a sense of, is there still enough going forward to now drive the margins further with inputs costs, inflation kind of backing off a bit. 
Ian Friendly : We’ve got a good pipeline going forward and as you heard from Chris, we just started doing it really in the international business and it takes a while because we try to push this down so deeply in the organization. This is not something that starts up on a dime so it does take time. But Chris has it, I think really well entrenched in international, and in CPW.  So that piece is going to ramp. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital : And then we’ve all I think heard and have been given a whole bunch of reasons why maybe the soup category hasn’t been quite as robust this past soup season as we all might have expected. Some may be reasonable, some less so. I still just don’t understand, I would still think that this category ought to be one that is thriving in this environment and so I just wanted to get your perspective on that to see if I’m just really missing something completely there and just the last one maybe just, anything we should think about in terms of the quarterly flow, if we’re thinking sales and EBIT line or EPS side given what may have, things that happened last year that we want to take into account as we kind of model out 2010.
Ian Friendly : I couldn’t agree with you more on soup, I think it’s a category that’s terrifically situated for most environments and this environment in particular and I think by focusing on positive messaging and good innovation. Focus on the consumer not the battles between manufacturers but focus on the consumer will drive and could drive category growth and so that’s certainly how we hope the category plays out next year. But I don’t see any reason why the soup category, the ready-to-serve soup category anyway couldn’t thrive in this environment. 
Ken Powel : And we’ve got some great drivers. We have fabulous messaging on soup. It’s a wonderful product. Its low in calorie, its high in nutrition, so we’ve got great messages. The Light segment which we invented a couple of years ago, we think has lots of growth. We think the reaction of retailers to high fiber soup is very positive and consumers kind of see that as a natural. They know there’s fiber in vegetables and so that is an idea that fits so, those are the kinds of things that we know across many categories, really build categories over a long period of time and so we’re, that’s what we’re focused on. 
Don Mulligan : And as for phasing, for the reasons that I think everyone is aware of, comps and Forex in particular, you’d think the growth would be more backwards loaded, [overcoming] we had about a 21% EPS growth in the first half of this past fiscal year. 
Kris Wenker: I think what I’m going to do is just pause here for a moment and say goodbye to the people that are on the webcast because we’re up to our window of time here.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-03-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Powell - Chief Executive Officer Don Mulligan - Chief Financial Officer Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: David Driscoll - Citi Investments Research Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs David Palmer - UBS Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Mills third quarter fiscal 2009 results conference call. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the conference over to Kris Wenker, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma’am.
Kris Wenker:  Thanks Alex. Good morning everybody. I’m here with Ken Powell our CEO and Don Mulligan our CFO. Before I turn you over to them, I’ve got to cover my few housekeeping items. Our press release and third quarter results, was issued over the wire services earlier this morning and is posted on our website if you still need a copy. We’ve also posted slides on our website that supplement today’s prepared remarks.  This conference call will include forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and the second slide in today’s presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. So, with that I’ll turn you over to Don.
Don Mulligan: Thanks Kristen and thanks to all of you who’ve joined us today. The third quarter was our toughest quarterly comparison for the year for reasons you are familiar with. We faced a significant year-over-year increase in input costs and we experienced a full quarter’s worth of foreign exchange headwind. Last year’s third quarter results included unusually strong grain merchandising profits, and nonrecurring gains in our joint venture results, and we are lapping last year’s strong top line growth.  The results we reported this morning reflect this difficult comparison, but that’s not the complete picture. Underneath the comparison items we’re seeing continued strong operating momentum in our business and with that solid performance through the first nine months we’re raising our earnings guidance for the year in total. Slide five summarizes our results for the quarter. Net sales increased 4% to $3.5 billion; segment operating profit totaled $560 million, below prior year levels, primarily due to lower grain merchandising profits, FX and higher input costs. Earnings after tax were $289 million and diluted earnings per share as reported were $0.85. These results include several items that impact comparability as shown on slide six. Our earnings in both 2008 and 2009 include gains from mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions. In 2009, the gain totaled $71 million pretax or $0.13 a share. In last year’s third quarter, the mark-to-market gain was twice as big, $0.27 a share. Our earnings in both years reflect the impact of court decisions on a tax matter. Last year, on the basis of a U.S. District Court ruling, we recorded a $31 million gain or $0.09 a share.  This January, a U.S. Court of Appeals ruling reversed the District Court decision. As a result, we reversed the $31 million tax benefit recorded last year, along with $22 million in cumulative income tax benefits received over a 15 year period. So, this year’s third quarter includes a charge of $0.15 a share for this tax item.  Also in this year’s third quarter, we recorded a gain of $41 million pretax or $0.08 per share for insurance proceeds related to a fair that destroyed our pasta plant in Argentina in fiscal 2008. We plan to use these proceeds to construct a new manufacturing facility in the region. Excluding these items earnings per share would have totaled $0.79 in the quarter compared to $0.87 a year ago.  The decline in our underlying EPS is more than fully accounted for by the comparison items I mentioned a moment ago. Grain merchandising profits were $37 million lower than last year or $0.07 per share. Last year’s joint venture after tax earnings included an $11 million net gain related to CPW restructuring actions and $2 million from the sale of 8th Continent, a total of $0.04 per share and foreign currency headwinds reduced our earnings growth by $0.04 a share this year. After taking these items into account, business performance in the quarter was actually quite solid. You can see that in our top line results. Slide eight shows the components of our 4% net sales growth, which came on top of a 12% increase last year. Pound volume was down slightly, but that was against a 6% volume growth in the same period last year. Net price realization and positive mix drove eight points of sales growth. So, organic net sales growth was 7% on top of a 10% increase in organic sales for the same period last year. Foreign exchange reduced net sales growth by three points this year. Slide nine shows our top line results by segment. U.S. retail sales were up 8% on top of 9% growth in the third quarter last year. Our international segment posted a 5% sales decline as reported, but on a constant currency basis, sales were up 10% with growth across all geographic regions where we compete and that was on top of similar growth in the same period last year. Sales for Bakeries and Foodservice were down 6%, reflecting difficult industry conditions and tough comparisons. Our gross margin as reported for the quarter was below last year’s results as we had previously indicated. If you exclude mark-to-market valuation effects from both years, gross margins would have been 34.1% this year, down 120 basis points from last year. Changes in grain merchandising profits drove 110 points of that decline. We expect our gross margin to expand in the fourth quarter as our cost pressures ease. Slide 11 illustrates our inflation trend by quarter. In the fourth quarter our input cost inflation will be well below our 9% annual rate as we begin to draw our lower cost position and for 2009 in total, we expect gross margin before any impact from mark-to-market evaluation, will hold steady to last year, reflecting the success of our holistic margin management initiatives. Our SG&A expenses for the quarter was $671 million, up 3% from last year’s levels. Consumer marketing spending for the third quarter was up 6%, on top of a 13% increase for the same period last year. As we noted in the press release, this year’s SG&A expense includes the $41 million gain from the insurance settlement. Segment operating profit totaled $560 million in the third quarter. U.S. retail profits were $490 million, up slightly despite the higher input costs and 11% increase in consumer marketing; that’s good performance versus a year ago profit that grew 9%. International profits were down 6% due to foreign exchange and Bakeries and Foodservice profits were down significantly as earnings from grain merchandising returned to more typical levels compared to historically high earnings we recorded last year. Moving down the income statement, after tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $16 million in the quarter. Last year’s JV results included gains from CPW restructuring activity and the sales of 8th Continent as shown on slide 14. Excluding these gains, joint venture earnings were $1 million below last year’s levels due to unfavorable foreign exchange. Turning to the balance sheet, slide 15 summarizes our core working capital items. In total, core working capital is down compared to last year’s third quarter. Inventories in particular were down significantly due to lower market valuation and lower fiscal levels of grain inventories. Total debt at the end of the third quarter was $7.7 billion relatively unchanged versus the prior year, but the mix of our debt has changed. Our debt today is more fixed rate and longer tenant. As you know, we issued $1.2 billion in 10 year notes in January and used the proceeds to repay a portion of our outstanding commercial paper. With that successful offering, we were to continue at low interest rates on our remaining commercial paper. We now expect full-year interest expense to be roughly $400 million, down from $422 million last year. We continue to be disciplined in our uses of cash. As we shared with you at Cagney last month, our retirement plans are well funded and we do not anticipate making any significant cash contributions to our plans this fiscal year. We continue to target $550 million of capital expenditures in fiscal 2009.  Beyond our capital investment needs, we continue to return cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. General Mills and its predecessor company have paid dividends for 110 years without interruption or reduction. Our dividends have been growing in recent years and at today’s stock price, the current rate of $1.72 a share represents a yield of more than 3%. Our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.43 a share last week, payable May 1. Our annualized dividend rate for fiscal 2009 is a 10% increase over the $1.57 per share we paid last year. Over time we expect our dividends to increase inline with earnings growth. We also returned cash to shareholders through share repurchases. We reduced net shares outstanding by 9% over the last three years and through the first nine months of this year the balance is again down slightly. We’ve bought back nearly 19 million shares of common stock year-to-date. As you know, we’re taking a deliberate approach to our commitment of cash in this environment and that means we may not get all the way to our 2009 goal of a 1% net reduction in average shares outstanding. However, our long term goal continues to be at average annual 2% reduction in net shares outstanding. So here’s where we stand through nine months. As you see on slide 20, net sales are up 8%. Segment operating profit is up 4%, despite significant input cost increases, negative foreign exchange and increased consumer marketing spending. Earnings after tax totaled $946 million and diluted earnings per share were $2.73 as reported. Excluding mark-to-market effects, the tax item and gains from Pop Secret and the insurance recovery, diluted earnings per share would have been $3.12, an increase of 11% from 280 last year. Our businesses continue to perform very well in a challenging economic climate. U.S. retail sales are up 10% through nine months. International segment sales are up 10% as well on a constant currency basis, and bakeries and seafood service sales are up 5% in a very tough environment.  Our holistic margin management activities are helping us offset commodity increases and we expect to hold our margin for the year in total. We’re investing to keep our brands strong with consumer spending up 15% year-to-date and we’ve delivered good growth in segment operating profit despite tough comparisons in foreign exchange headwinds.  Based on this very solid nine-month operating performance, we’re raising our 2009 earnings guidance. We started the year with a goal of earning $3.78 to $3.83 per share. We’re now targeting $3.87 to $3.89 per share. That represents double digit EPS growth in a very challenging environment and we see this as a solid base to build on in fiscal 2010. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, the 53 week will contribute to our sales and earnings growth. We’ll begin to see the benefits of lower commodity inflation and we expect to deliver good margin growth. We expect to record a loss related to our frozen dough divestiture and we’ll exclude that from adjusted EPS results, just as we’re excluding the gain from selling Pop Secret. On the restructuring line, we expect to incur an additional $11 million of charges related to previously announce restructuring action, for an annual total of $17 million. I don’t have any new restructuring actions to announce today, but if we take any, we don’t expect total restructuring expense in 2009 to exceed the $30 million to $40 million range we’ve seen the last few years and we include these restructuring costs in our EPS guidance. Finally, we’re planning strong levels of consumer marketing support behind our brands in the fourth quarter, to help position our business for continued growth in fiscal 2010. We’ll finish the year strong delivering our fourth consecutive year of earnings growth that meets or beats our long term model. Despite the challenging environment, our businesses are performing well and we’re positioned for continued growth. Now, I’ll turn you over to Ken to share more about our operating performance.
Ken Powell: Thanks, Don and good morning to one and all. As we move into the final quarter of our year, we’re pleased to see continued good consumer demand for our products around the world, despite a very challenging operating environment and as we told you at Cagney, we believe we have a portfolio for all seasons. Slide 25 shows you that our top line growth continues to be broad base. For the year-to-date, all of our businesses and segments posted sales growth, with more than half of them up by double digits. Remember that international sales are up double-digit too on a constant currency basis and snack sales would be up 10% if you excluded Pop Secret from last year’s results and the categories where we compete, are good ones to be in. They meet consumer needs for taste, health benefits, convenience and value and as a result, these categories are growing. Slide 26 shows you the category growth in measured channels through the first nine months of this year. You can also see that in most cases, our brands are outpacing category growth and trends in non-measured channels, including supercenters and club stores, are generally stronger than the growth you see here. Our sales growth within our categories is driving good market share performance. We’re not up in every category, but overall performance has been strong with nice share gains in some of our larger categories, including soup, cereal, grain snacks and dinner mixes. Let’s take a closer look at some of these businesses and I’ll start with our Big G cereal division.  Big G cereal is having a terrific year and the driver of that performance is baseline growth. As you can see on slide 28, non-promoted sales of Cheerios, Fiber One, Honey Nut and Multi-Grain Cheerios are growing at double-digit rates, as we promote their health benefit. Our total brand is also posting good baseline growth and so are kid-oriented brands such as Cinnamon Toast Crunch and Lucky Charms, so all eight of our largest brands or brand franchises are showing strong sales gains, at everyday sales prices. Our cereal merchandising has been restored to normal levels this year and the efficiency of this merchandising is higher. As a result, we expect our trade cost per case will be down in 2009 and that follows a decline in 2008. Our new products are doing well, particularly Banana Nut Cheerios, which has captured nearly eight-tens of a share point in recent weeks. We’ll continue to invest in our brands with strong levels of consumer support, particularly TV advertising that promotes the health benefits of cereal. So, I expect our cereal business to deliver excellent sales and earnings growth in fiscal 2009.  We just wrapped up a very successful holiday baking season. Retail sales for Pillsbury refrigerated dough grew 12% in the quarter, due in large part to our “Home is Calling” advertising campaign that focused on the home-baked goodness of products across the Pillsbury brand. Betty Crocker baking mixes also performed well with retail sales for dessert mixes up 13%, led by Brownies and Muffins. Bisquick baking mix was up 21% on the success of Shake n Pour Pancake Mix and sales of Gold Medal flour grew 38% in the quarter as more people baked at home. Our frozen hot snacks also posted strong gains in the third quarter. Totino’s Pizza Rolls and new Pillsbury Savorings Appetizers combined for 27% retail sales growth and sales for our value priced Totino’s Pizza, grew 28% in the quarter.  Our Meals Division is posting solid growth as consumers eat more meals at home. Retail sales for dinner mixes are up 9% year-to-date on good performance from Hamburger Helper and Macaroni Grill entrees. New Green Giant steamers are contributing to 5% retail sales growth for frozen vegetables and the soup season has been good for our Progresso brand. Retail sales are up 3% year-to-date and we continue to gain share. Retail sales for Yoplait yogurt have been growing nicely over the past several years and sales are up another 9% fiscal year-to-date. Yoplait Light is our growth leader with sales up 17% so far this year as we continue to emphasize this product’s combination of great taste and weight management benefits.  We are also posting continued share gains in the grain snacks category. We’re lapping the very strong prior year results, but generating continued sales growth due in part to the January launch of new flavors of Fiber One and Chex Mix bars. By providing high-quality products at good value, we’re growing our U.S. Retail business in a healthy, sustainable way and we’re supporting our brands with increased levels of consumer spending. Our consumer marketing investment will grow at a double-digit rate for the full year. This support is a key driver behind the baseline sales growth in our major category shown on slide 35. Nearly every business is showing growth year-to-date, led by frozen hot snacks, yogurt, and grain snacks.  In the fourth quarter, we have several unique consumer promotions planned. Betty Crocker is partnering with the Make-A-Wish Foundation to grant wishes to children with life-threatening medical conditions. Through our stirring up wishes promotion, consumers can vote on the Make-A-Wish chapter they want to receive one of the 12 wishes Betty Crocker will grant in the next 12 weeks. We’re launching our first ever Win Cash promotion. Consumers enter a product UPC code from specially marked packages, onto our Win Cash website to participate in an on-line sweepstake, including four prizes of $25,000 of cash.  Our Pound For Pound Challenge highlighted on the popular TV show the biggest loser continues to generate excitement on many of our products. For every pound consumers lose, General Mills will donate $0.10 to feeding America food banks. We kicked off this challenge in January and so far, we’ve received pledges from our consumers to lose more than 2.5 million pounds.  Next month, talented cooks can begin submitting their recipe entrees for the $1 million prize in the 44 Pillsbury Bake-Off Contest; one of the longest running cooking contests in America. So, let me summarize the trends in our U.S. Retail segment. Our categories are growing, and our brands hold leading positions in these categories, which we think give us a strategic advantage in a challenging marketplace.  Our focus on HMM continues to help us protect margins and generate funds to reinvest in our business. We’re supporting our brands with strong increases in consumer spending. This consumer support is contributing to excellent baseline sales growth across our portfolio. So, our U.S. Retail segment remains on track to deliver high single digit sales and profit growth for the full year.  Turning to our Bakeries and Foodservice business, as we mentioned before, the trend of consumers eating more meals at home is challenging for this division. Sales in the third quarter declined 6% overall, but sales in the key distributor and restaurant channel were down just 1% and through nine months, sales are up by mid single digits, which represent some true resilience in this market. On the profit line, last year’s third quarter included significant contributions from grain merchandising, as grain prices hit peak levels. When you exclude grain merchandising profits from both years, we’re posting 8% profit growth year-to-date on the rest of our business and we think that’s a very solid performance in the current industry environment. Last week, we announced the sale of a portion of our Bakeries and Foodservice frozen bread dough business to Pennant Foods. We expect this transaction to close by the end of the fiscal year. This sale is a continuation of our ongoing strategy to focus our Bakeries and Foodservice portfolio on branded products and on the most profitable customer segment. So, I characterize our Bakeries and Foodservice division as broadly on track to their earnings target for the year, despite challenging industry conditions.  Our international businesses generated good sales gains, again in the third quarter. Slide 40 shows that net sales grew in all of our geographic regions on a constant currency basis, driving 10% sales growth for the segment in total. Our business in Canada had a good quarter, led by continuing strong performance on cereal and nature valley snacks.  Sales in Europe grew 5% on the strength of Old El Paso Mexican products, nature value granola bars and the launch of new Haagen-Dazs smoothies. In Latin America, Nature Valley granola bars and Diablitos sandwich spread contributed to 18% net sales growth and in the Asia Pacific region, sales grew 17%. New flavors of Old El Paso dinner kits in Australia and double digit gains for Wanchai Ferry dumplings in China contributed to growth in this region.  Through nine months, our international sales are up 10% on a constant currency basis and Chris O’Leary and his team are on track to achieve their planned objectives, which are set on a constant currency basis. Net sales for our Cereal Partners Worldwide joint venture are up 5% year-to-date, with particularly good increases in Mexico, Russia and Australia. We’ve seen international cereal category growth moderate in recent months. However, the overall category is still projected to grow. So, we continue to expect volume and sales increases for CPW, with earnings results constrained by foreign exchange in the near term. So, despite the worldwide economic challenges, our international businesses are performing well. We expect to post good sales and earnings growth for the year on a constant currency basis. Foreign exchange will impact our recorded results this year, but we’ve built a strong profitable foundation for growth.  We like the categories in which we compete around the world. Our brands are building solid share position in those categories and we see plenty of growth ahead as we increase both retail distribution and household penetration for our brands.  In total, we are executing well against our 2009 plan and we have confidence in our long term growth model. We’ve met or exceeded our growth targets in the past several years and we’re on track to exceed our high single digit earnings target in 2009.  So to summarize our remarks this morning, the economic climate continues to be very challenging, but our portfolio is showing real resilience and our business is growing. For fiscal 2009, we expect to achieve strong sales and earnings gains and we expect to protect our margins, despite 9% input cost inflation. We’re on track to exceed our long term EPS goal with a double digit gain this year and the fundamentals of our business are strong. We are executing well in growing categories and we are positioned well for continued growth in 2010 and beyond.  That concludes our prepared remarks this morning. So I’ll ask the operator to open up the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) and our first question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Investments Research. Please proceed with your question.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments Research : Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Ken Powell : Hi, David. Good morning.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments Research:  Well certainly, I think these results in context of what we are seeing out there in the environment do look good and that U.S. retail segment, I would call it somewhat amazing. Big G cereals sales up 13%, Ken can you talk to us about really the kind of, if we could peel the onion a little about the factors within Big G, between the category competition, your new products and your promotion? These are, again some of the best numbers that you’ve produced in that particular segment within U.S. retail in quite some time and I think a lot of people are quite interested in how you attribute the success?
Ken Powell : Well, thanks David for the question. I mean the category, I think as you know has been pretty solid all throughout the year, a little over 2% year-to-date for us. Recent month, the category trend was a little better than that and that’s in measured channels only. So we think clearly when you include all of our channels, the growth is even better than that. So the categories are very solid I think in this economic climate. People are probably choosing to eat breakfast a little bit more at home, so that’s good, but I think the big, big factor for us is that our execution right now is so strong across the board. We have very solid messages across the Cheerios franchise and I commented on that in our remarks. We had a very, very solid initiative behind Multi-Grain Cheerios this year, which has that brand growing now in the high double digits and so the Banana Nut Cheerios adding almost a full share point. So Cheerios, which is the largest franchise in category, is also one of the fastest growing brands in the category. So that’s a great story. Fiber One continues to perform very well for us and we just launched a shredded version of Fiber One and that’s going to help that franchise. Total cereal now is growing at strong rates. Our kid brand, very good execution there, so it’s really a story of excellent marketing fundamentals with as I said earlier, all eight of our core franchise is growing on a baseline basis, which I think is the best indicator of that good execution across the board.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments Research: When you look forward and you think about sort of the next 12 months and you think about private-label and commodities, is there any significant negative in terms of competition from private-label that you would call out for us right now? I mean obviously the strength here is amazing and so I acknowledge that, but always on a go forward basis, we’re trying to be sensitive to this economic environment and what might happen because of the decline in the grain costs?
Ken Powell: Yes. Well, what I’d say on that David is that we’ve had a year of higher inflation. If you look at the decade, inflation is probably averaged a little better than 5%, input cost inflation. Last year for us it was 7%; this year as we said, it will be 9% and we’ve offset a lot of that with productivity, so our pricing has lagged that.  Actually private label cereals in aggregate in this environment have increased their prices a little bit faster than we have. So we’re sitting at maybe 6% or 7% now for all our categories and private-label is probably closer to 9%. So we see private-label pricing a little bit ahead of us and we don’t see any evidence as we look in a lot of detail at the tracking data of private-label prices coming down.  I think the reason for that is that they’re in the same commodity environment that we are and as they look forward, they probably see the same thing we see, which is less inflation next year and today we guess it will below single-digit inflation, but we’re probably still going to see some input cost inflation next year and so I think we’re all living in that environment.  We expect a sort of price balance between our cereals and private-label cereals to stay pretty constant as we go forward and we pay attention to that balance, but that coupled with all the other great brand advantages that we offer in terms of price and quality and health benefits, we think will hold us in good stead.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments Research: Great, that was very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank; please proceed with your question.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning everybody.
Ken Powell: Hi, Eric.
Don Mulligan: Good morning Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I guess my first question has to do with the argument that the gross margin is going to expand so much in the fourth quarter. Stock is down pre-market 4% or 5%, so I guess investors are somewhat concerned as to your visibility on that. So Don, maybe could you go through that a little bit in more detail and then I have a follow-up.
Don Mulligan: Sure. As you know Eric, at the beginning of the year we said that we would have 9% inflation in the course of the year and we’re still tracking to that number. At the beginning of the year, just based on the flow at the time, we expect that to be more frontload in the first half of the year, but actually the way our positions worked out, it ended up that Q3 was our highest inflation quarter.  Clearly, we now have a line of sight on where those costs are going to come in for Q4 and while we’re still going see inflation, it’s going to be materially down from what we’ve seen year-to-date, given the pricing and the mix plus that we’ve had year-to-date that will hold in the fourth quarter. The algorithm of those increases combined with the decelerating inflation from our current commodity position; get us that gross margin expansion in the fourth quarter.  So, it’s really a matter of the flow of inflation being different than what we had anticipated the beginning of the year, the total year being the same, but being a little bit more evenly spread through the first three quarters as opposed to just in the first half of the year.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Is HMM contributing more to the gross margin expansion in the fourth quarter or is that pretty much on a similar run rate to what we’ve had during the year?
Don Mulligan: Yes, it’s pretty constant. Obviously, the savings build there in course of the year; we’re also building over a base of last year as well. So it’s fairly constant, the movement you’ll see in the fourth quarter will be primarily driven by the fact of lower cost positions on the commodities.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then Ken, what I understood was that the industry and the trade loaded a bit in the fourth quarter, the December quarter I should say and on some decent deals and then the consumer decided to pantry de-load, and then in January order trends were just surprisingly weak versus history, but then kind of February and March have comeback to a more normalized environment. Is that a fair description of what you think happened in the industry over the last few months?
Ken Powell: Well, let me just comment on General Mills. I mean I can’t really speak for the industry and sort of the inside workings of loading and de-loading for each of our inventory adjustments, for each of our competitors.  What I will tell you is that inventory adjustments at end of year sort of positions for our major customers. We see that virtually every year for the customers whose fiscal years end in December, January and February, and frankly it’s very predictable and we didn’t see anything this year that was outside of the norm in that context of inventory de-loading and certainly nothing that I would call out to you as a factor in our performance.  So I guess to summarize, our customers typically will do a little bit of that adjusting at the end of the year. There was nothing unusual this year and it wasn’t a factor in our performance over the last quarter.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay, I’ll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan: Good morning, everyone. 
Ken Powell: Hi, Terry.
Don Mulligan: Good morning, Terry.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan: Two things this morning; Ken, in terms of the cereal business, as we look at it as you go through the second half of the calendar year, I guess your first half, it looks like Kellogg is lapping some fairly easy comparisons, you guys are lapping some tougher ones and I think Kellogg has been pretty clear that they are going to promote more.  So, the question is this; two things. You mentioned that your trade promotion per case is going to be down in this fiscal year. Would you expect it to be up next year as you match or may match what Kellogg is going to do and do you think you can hold onto that market share that you got in cereal this year?
Ken Powell: Well, Terry, we did have this year in the second quarter, as we had that comparison to the right size, right price initiative in the previous year, we did have strong merchandising in the second quarter in that comp and strong share gains. As we move into the second half of our fiscal year, our trade spends as we predicted and forecast for you, our trade spending is moderating and will be down as you’ve just said, on a cost per case basis for the year. As we plan the next year, our plan is to continue to grow our share incrementally. That share growth will be driven by baseline strength. We think that really is the story of Big G right now, is the full price sales that we’re getting across all of our core franchises, so we’re going to focus on the baseline. Our goal is to continue to reduce our trade cost per case and I would expect that that would be our goal again in cereal next year. We will have those comparisons that you highlighted as we move from quarter-to-quarter, but we’ll be planning in the context of the whole year and in gaining incremental share over the course of the year and I’m pretty confident that we’ll be able to do that again next year.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan: Okay, fair enough. Just a quick one on soup and I think this kind of dove tails into Eric Katzman’s question. February seemed to be just an awful month for soup, both for you guys and Campbell and I have spoken to Campbell; I didn’t really get an explanation there. Was there anything trade wise going on in the month of February? It just looked like both, you and Campbell had a very tough month. I didn’t quite understand that.
Ken Powell: Yes, well again, looking at it on a one-month basis Terry, I don’t know how productive that is. As we look at our soup business over the first nine months of the year and as we wrap up the season and as we look ahead to next year, we’re quite happy with our soup performance. We’ve got sales growth; we continued to gain sharing again this year, I think as you have seen a very, very competitive environment and, so I don’t think one-month doesn’t a soup season make.  Overall we’re quite happy with how our soup business is unfolding for this year and I’m very happy as we start to close in on our innovation and our initiatives for next year. So, we continue to be very bullish about this business.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan: Okay, well I didn’t want to get too near term. It’s just that it kind of surprised me with the depth of it, but maybe it was January pantry loading by consumers. I don’t know we’ll see, but anyway thank you very much.
Ken Powell: Okay thank you, Terry.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Thanks, good morning more.
Ken Powell: Hi, Judy.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Just more clarity about the fourth quarter outlook, first off, just in terms of the extra week, is it still your intention to reinvest all of that extra week upside into marketing?
Don Mulligan: Judy this is Don. No, actually as we look at the fourth quarter now, we do anticipate flowing some of that profit through to the full year.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay and then secondly, if I take your midpoint of your full year guidance, I think it implies EPS growth in the fourth quarter of about 5% and I’m wondering, just given the strong sales momentum that you have in your business, you’ve got the margin expanding in the fourth quarter, now you’re talking about some of that the extra week flowing to the bottom line. I’m just wondering why you’re not expecting even stronger growth than that 5% number that’s implied by your guidance?
Don Mulligan: A couple of headwinds that we mentioned in the third quarter carry into the fourth quarter. In particular Forex will continue to be a headwind in the fourth quarter. We also have the majority of our restructuring costs now falling in the fourth quarter.  As I said, year-to-date our restructuring costs versus last year has been down quite significantly, but we are still guiding to a number of comparable to prior year’s in that $30 million to $40 million rang, which means the majority of that is going to fall in the fourth quarter last year, where last year’s fourth quarter restructuring charge is actually quite low. So you’re going to have both the Forex and the restructuring headwinds. The underlying business, to your point continues to perform very well and we’re very bullish on the sales and the operating profit growth in the fourth quarter.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay and then can you just give us some broad comment about fiscal ‘10 outlook? I think that Cagney you’ve talked about underline EPS growth, sort of in line with your high single digit target, even with the currency headwind that we should expect to see. Maybe just give us some perspectives, as we look out into fiscal ‘10, some of the headwinds and the tailwinds that we should think about as it relates to meeting or exceeding that long term target.
Don Mulligan: We’ll talk about F‘10 in June more completely and we don’t want to start giving pieces of guidance today, but as we talked about at Cagney, we had committed a year ago, probably actually three years ago to an F‘10 target that we raised last year to $4.05 a share.  As we look at that number, as we issue in these number, we would look to be ahead of that as well next year and the factors are going to be the underlying strength of the business, but obviously some new external factors in place, particularly around foreign exchange that will create a headwind, which had not in the previous couple years and next year as we think about Forex, it is both the translation, as well as the transaction, which we have hedged this year, which has protect us, but we’ll see some of that drag into next year as well.  That’s probably the fundamental environmental shift that we’ll be seeing as we look at next year, but we’ll take you through the more complete guidance with F‘10 with our June earnings release.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay and just finally on Bakery and Foodservice, I think your prior guidance of this year has been kind of flat EBIT goal, is that still the case?
Don Mulligan: Flat EBIT verse prior year, yes. Again as Ken pointed out today, actually when you strip out grain merchandising plus from last year, it actually implies very strong growth in the underlying business, which we’re very pleased with.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
David Palmer - UBS: Thanks, two quick questions, both kind of theoretical, so hopefully you could give some help here. We’re seeing some increases in promotional activity in some categories and they’re reaching irrational levels in places like frozen entrees, to pick a well publicized example. Do you see unhealthy promotion activity or discounting as a risk to more categories and is it linked perhaps to things where you can inventory the items. For instance, people start to or players start to discount to try to get that in the pantries? Secondly, there has been a lot of dialogue with investors by the food retailers, implying or directly saying that prices will need to be rolled back and that they are going to push private-label harder. I’m wondering, is collaboration dead between the top suppliers and the food retailers to the degree that it feels like it is dying and perhaps you can give some color around that? Thanks.
Ken Powell: Hi, David, yes this is Ken. Let me address the second question first on pricing and the need for roll-backs. I can tell that, I haven’t had any major or minor smaller retail customer ask me about that. The question that I’m asked most consistently by the senior executives of our retail partners is, what is our outlook for inflation and what do we think is going to happen in the commodity environment going forward?  They are very concerned about that, they appreciate that the environment is very volatile. Many of them have their own private-label businesses and so this is an important factor for them and so our collaboration and partnership with our retailers, I would say has never been stronger.  They’re very concerned about the volatility of the input cost in environment when we talk about that and as I said earlier, there are some comments in the media about some customers who may think that prices should or will come down or that their private-label prices will come down, but we are not actually seeing that in any of the data. As I said, private-label prices have increased a little faster than branded prices over the course of the year and we don’t really see any evidence that they will come down and I think the reason for that is because our retail partners are probably anticipating some level of inflation next year in their input cost, even if it’s a significantly lower level, there will be some and so that’s my take-on that conversation. On the promotional side, I don’t really see in any of our categories, as you I think you called it unhealthy promotional activity emerging in cereal. I think the promotional environment is very consistent right now and as we said for our business, if anything, our promotional levels are moderating and that’s a category that’s being driven by baseline now. We saw a little bit of promotion earlier in the calendar year in yogurt, but as we move further into the year, it appears that that category is moving in a direction that it consistently has over the last two decades, which is new product innovation and brand building advertising and so I think that category will continue to be driven by fundamentals. So in our categories, we are not seeing that right now.
David Palmer - UBS: Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, good morning everyone.
Ken Powell: Good morning Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: There’s been a lot of discussion about promotional activity in the cereal category. Can you just frame for us and give us a discussion of how General Mills magnitude versus efficiency has played out in trade spending in cereal, because it seems like that’s a big controversy out there. So, if you can just give us some color around those two; one is the size versus the efficiency of what you are doing?
Ken Powell: Well, I’ll try Ken. I think that the general sort of merchandising program in cereal as I said has tended to be very consistent. We usually enter the year with a very solid program of events that we can merchandise around and we have a very disciplined approach on price points that we want to shoot for and I think you are all familiar with those. I mean going back several years, we were two for four and we moved that up to better mixes over the last several years.  So, we enter the year with a very comprehensive plan in terms of the number of events and frequency. What we are seeing, I think in the current environment, is that our promotions are more efficient. There is a little bit more pull against the promotion and I think that’s a reflection of value seeking on the part of consumers. From our standpoint that’s a good thing, because there are a lot of fixed costs that go into these promotions. There is a cost with retail partners to set them up and to build them and execute them in-store. Often we have so called consumer overlays around these promotions to add some consumer interest and appeal and so there are fixed costs and if we can get a little bit more movements off of them; that in fact lower our cost per case for us. So, there is a little more efficiency in this environment and I think it reflects consumer value seeking, but I would say it’s nothing that we didn’t anticipate or haven’t built into our model going forward.
Don Mulligan: Ken this is Don. The only thing I would add to that is, on the consumer pull part that Ken referenced is, one of the reasons that we’re seeing better effectiveness from our merchandising is because we are running such strong baseline, which speaks to the new product strength that we’ve had and the consumer support that we’ve put behind it and we have baseline growth that has doubled the category growth and that then makes all of our merchandising more effective as well.
Ken Powell: That’s a very good point. Whenever we have strong baselines, we basically see the merchandising programs work a little bit better.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: My next question or my last question as well; I understood from the Cagney presentation that it seems like you guys were pretty comfortable with your long term growth target even in 2010. What would prevent General Mills from generating their long term growth targets for 2010? Are there some of that change since Cagney or you’re just being cautious on the call?
Ken Powell: Well it’s a little premature to talk in detail about F ‘10, but again as I mentioned Forex has become a little bit more of a headwind and we are now flowing a little bit of the 53 week into this year. So, the base to grow from this year becomes a bit higher, which again we’re delivering over our growth model this fiscal year. So those are a couple of factors, but again the underlying business remains very strong and if you look at where our U.S. business is, if you look at our international business on a constant currency business, if you look at Bakeries and Foodservice, ex-grain merchandising, all those businesses are on track, not only to exceed our internal plans for the year, but also their longer term trajectory as well. So, we feel very good about the sound as to the underlying business.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Janney Montgomery Scott; please proceed.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: Good morning. Thank you.
Don Mulligan: Hey, Jon.
Ken Powell: Hey, Jonathan.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: Just a couple questions; first, just to clarify on volumes, sort of big picture, but I know there’s some comparisons in here, but it’s striking to me that Q3 ‘08 sales at U.S. retail were 9% and that was almost all volume and Q3 ‘09 sales were 8%, and that’s almost all price.  Could you highlight maybe where the sort of outliers were as far as comparisons within the U.S. retail, on the volume versus price/mix side within the U.S. retail business that sort of drove that change in sort of algorithm?
Don Mulligan: I think Jonathan; you have in your question highlighted the key factor, which is that we had unusually strong volume growth in the third quarter of last year, 8%. For the total year, fiscal ‘08, our volume growth was 3%. So that third quarter was very, very high. It was a difficult time and frankly we’re happy to have some volume growth on top of that this year.  Year-to-date, in U.S. retail, through nine months, our volume growth is actually ahead of last year. I think it’s closer to 4% through nine months and last year at this point in time, we were at 3%. So that measure as we’ve said in the past, it’s kind of a lumpy measure and it moves around a little bit and I think the key factor it that it was unusually big in the third quarter of last year and it will even out as we move on through the end of the year.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: So, is it safe to say going into Q4 with that easier 3% comparison, you would expect volume to accelerate off the plus 1% number?
Don Mulligan: I think we’ll have volume growth in the fourth quarter, yes.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay and just one other question, the detail on Bakeries and Foodservice. I remember from your Cagney presentation, restaurants are a little less than half, it looks like of your business and you’ve talked about them actually performing better than the 12% volume decline in Q3 and being more profitable.  I look at some of these other venues, like K-12 and colleges and healthcare and whatever, I see a lot of places that are probably volume wise holding up better than restaurants. Do you have a negative margin mix issue currently or sort of coming in Bakeries and Foodservice? I understand focusing on the more profitable customers, but what if those more profitable customers are declining more? Do you see that as a risk and are you seeing that in the numbers right now?
Don Mulligan: Well, we are not seeing that in the numbers right now, just to clarify the split of the business. A little less than 50% is restaurant and food service; within that is the K-12 schools and the business offices, etc.  We actually see quite a healthy mix in Bakeries and Foodservice, for example in our c-store business, which is about 10%, growing with our branded and products; we see it on our foodservice distributors, which get to those K-12 and hotels and other distribution points and as we grow sales there, we actually see he a positive mix in our Bakeries and Foodservice business.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: But broadly speaking is it such that the business you do, take institutions broadly, is lower margin business…
Ken Powell: Jonathan, how are you defining institutions, as schools and universities?
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: Yes, schools, universities, businesses, industry, military, like that sort of thing, versus say restaurants. I’m thinking discretionary versus nondiscretionary expenditures. I’m happy to be enlightened as to how you define it because I don’t really have a great idea, either.
Ken Powell: Yes, well the schools and the universities and the healthcare institutions, the places that are serviced by foodservice distributors, that is the healthy higher margin, more stable part of our business and so that’s where we’re really moving the business overtime. I mean that’s why we’ve taken these restructuring actions that we’ve taken really over the last four or five years.  Those channels, schools, universities, hospitals, we’re selling branded cereal, branded yogurt, branded snacks, which are all our high margin cost and we’re selling them through the foodservice distributor, which is the high margin distribution channel. So that’s really the positive mix play for us.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: I see and the part that’s really sort of disappointing and probably disappointing versus expectations too is the sort of bakeries business that you are trying to maybe emphasize a little less than some of that other business.
Ken Powell: That’s right.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein : Hello. Okay, a couple on quick ones; still coming back to the U.S. Retail segment and the promotional activity in there. First of all, you talked a lot about trade spending efficiencies kicking in. Can you tell us a little bit about what the Genesis of that was? Is it IP based? Was there some particular factor that has allowed you to get that much more efficient on the trade spending program?  I guess linked to that, I’m just looking at the price increases that you got on average, across the U.S. Retail. I think it was about 7% this quarter, which it’s similar to other packaged food companies in this environment and I look at the consumer price data and I’m seeing much lower price flows to the consumer for the General Mills portfolio and U.S. Retail, generally below sort of 4.5% to 5% where price increases for many other companies, are up at sort of 8%, 9%, 10% level.  Is there something going on there maybe to do with the trade promotion improvements that you’ve made that’s enabling you to drive share gains and volume growth because of that?
Don Mulligan: Let me answer the first question first and then I think we may have to come back for just some clarification on the second question, but on the trade spend and the trade efficiency side Alexia, we continuously evaluate and study all of our trade promotional offerings with all of our customers.  So, we evaluate the effectiveness of different price points and how they work and their attractiveness to the consumer. We evaluate the effectiveness the effectiveness of different consumer overlays that we might associate with these promotions.  We look very closely at the mix and the promotion of the proper size and all of these factors overtime allow us to continue to refine our trade spending, so that we have the most effective price points on the most effective SKUs, combined with the most effective sort of in store consumer programs and all of that over time has allowed us to pretty consistently reduce our trade spending per case. So it’s kind of an ongoing program of testing and measurement and refinement and learning and it’s really paid tremendous dividends to us going back over the last four to five years.  Now, I didn’t fully understand your question on consumer pricing and maybe if you would restate it for us.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Sure. I guess it’s just quite simply, when I look at the IRI data that gives us an indication on consumer pricing, it seems as though across the portfolio, the consumer price inflation that the retailers are setting is lower year-on-year than the price realization that you are getting across the U.S. retail portfolio.  Maybe you can’t answer the question, because I presume it’s to do with the choices on the retail side, of how they treat the pass through pricing to the consumer, but I wondered if there was anything within perhaps the price promotional budget that was enabling to see that.
Don Mulligan : I don’t think so Alexia. The way we look at this is in our category, so we just look at where we compete and we look at aggregate measures either across our brands and competitive brands and what we’re seeing consistently this year is that our pricing has lagged a little bit behind our major branded competitors, and it’s also lagged as I said earlier in this discussion, it’s lagged behind private-label as well.  The reason for that is the same reason that’s allowed us to lag for the last several years and that is our focus on productivity. We are able to absorb some of the input cost pressures that we’ve had this year and that means that we’ve had to take a little less pricing a little later than many of our competitors, including private-label. So that’s our strategy and it’s again played out that way for us this year, albeit with levels of inflation and pricing that were higher than what we had seen in the previous five years.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, great, thank you very much.
Don Mulligan :  Alright, thank you.
Kris Wenker: And operator we’re up to time here, but let’s sneak in one more.
Operator: Okay. So, our final question will be coming from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Good morning. Thanks very much.
Ken Powell : Hi, Andrew.
Don Mulligan : Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Quick one; I guess with less incremental pricing likely as we ahead into 2010 for fiscal for you, there was still obviously some inflation, albeit not a significant as the past several years, it really does put I guess that much more owness on sort of the incremental productivity programs that you’ve got and I’m just wondering and seeing the stock, frankly, on the open; as we look out to 2010, is there anyway to help better quantify in some way what the sort of incremental amount of productivity coming that you might have left on these programs? A number of companies kind of put out different metrics, whether it’s incremental productivities, percentage of cost of goods or things like that, and the only reason I ask for that type of clarity is just obviously given the reaction in the stock this morning, I think part of this has much more to do about frankly the outlook around fiscal 2010 and some of your preliminary comments on than it does about the quarter per say?
Ken Powell : Well, productivity and HMM activities continue to be a huge focus for us Andrew, and without going today into too much detail on metrics, I will tell you that in the U.S., we continue to have a multiyear pipeline going forward of productivity initiatives and we’ve grown the level of productivity consistently over the last several years and I’m sure we will be able to do that again in U.S. retail next year. The other thing I would say is that, remember that we didn’t start these initiatives internationally until later in the game and so that is a very significant opportunity for us as we ramp up HMM and all those productivity ideas outside the U.S. I mean we think that we have a lot to go for there.  So, I think overall for the company, this continues to be a very key part of our strategy and so I’m very confident that we are going to be able to use productivity to expand margins and invest in our brands, into the foreseeable future.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Thanks very much.
Kris Wenker: Alright. Thanks everybody. There are some follow-up questions no doubt. You know where to find us. Give us a shout. I appreciate your time this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2009 Q2  (2008-12-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kris Wenker - Vice President Investor Relations Ken Powell – CEO Don Mulligan – CFO Juliana Chugg – Senior Vice President, Pillsbury
Analysts: Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital David Palmer – UBS Terry Bivens – JP Morgan Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to the Second Quarter Fiscal 2009 Results. I would like now to turn the conference over to Ms. Kris Wenker, Vice President Investor Relations.
Kris Wenker: I’m here with Ken Powell our CEO, Don Mulligan our CFO, and Juliana Chugg who leads our Pillsbury Division. I’ll turn you over to them in just a minute. First I’ve got to cover my usual housekeeping items. Our press release on second quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It’s also posted on our website if you still need a copy. In addition we’ve posted slides on our website that supplement our prepared remarks. This conference call will include forward looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions. The second slide in today’s presentation lists the factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. With that I’ll turn you over to Don.
Don Mulligan: As you’ve seen from our financial results we released this morning General Mills had another strong quarter. Slide four summarizes our second quarter results. Net sales grew 8% to exceed $4 billion; segment operating profit grew 9% despite significantly higher input costs and a 21% increase in consumer marketing investment. Earnings after tax were $378 million and diluted earnings per share were $1.09.  These earnings results include a net reduction related to mark to market valuation of certain commodity positions in grain inventories. That impact totaled $269 million pre-tax and $0.49 a share. We also recorded a gain of $129 million or $0.22 per share on the sale of Pop Secret microwave popcorn. Excluding the mark to market impact and the divestiture gain our diluted EPS would have been $1.36 up 23% for the quarter. The key driver of our growth was strong worldwide sales of our products. Sales grew 8% with two points of that growth through increased pound volume. Price realization and positive mix drove eight points of sales growth. For the second quarter foreign exchange reduced net sales by two points and reduced EPS by approximately $0.02. Top line results were strong across our business segments as show on slide six. US Retail sales were up 10%; the International segment posted 2% growth as reported, on a constant currency basis sales were up 10%. Sales for Bakeries and Foodservice grew 6%. Our gross margin as reported for the quarter was 30.4% down from last year due to mark to market valuation of commodity hedge positions. If you exclude mark to market impact from both years and also exclude product recall costs and restructuring related accelerated depreciation from last years results our gross margin would have been up 70 basis points from last year to 37.1%. As of the end of the second quarter we’ve covered approximately 80% of our ingredient and energy costs for the year and we’re still tracking in line with the 9% increase in input costs we built into our plan for the full year. We’re continuing to invest strongly behind our brands. Our SG&A expense for the quarter include the 21% increase in marketing expenses, that’s on top of a 10% increase in last year’s second quarter. Slide 10 shows our segment operating margin results for the second quarter. Despite the higher input costs and strong increases in our consumer spending margins were reasonably steady. US Retail operating margin was roughly flat at 23%. We saw a 90 basis point decline in International margin reflecting higher consumer marketing and administrative expenses in the period. Bakeries and Foodservice margins were up drive by strength in our core businesses. Overall the operating margin for our combined segments was 19.5% for the quarter up slightly over last year. Segment operating profit dollars grew at a very high single digit rate up 9% as shown on slide 11. US Retail profits increased 9%, International profits were down 5% due to foreign exchange but on a constant currency basis segment operating profit was up 5%. Bakeries and Foodservice profits grew $16 million or 33% reflecting both pricing and favorable business mix. Moving down the income statement, after tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $33 million in the quarter. Last year’s JV results cleared a $1 million after tax charge associated with the CPW restructuring in the UK. Excluding that restructuring joint venture earnings were up 14% in the second quarter. I’ll now turn to the balance sheet; slide 13 summarizes our core working capital items. In total, core working capital actually declined slightly compared to last year’s second quarter. Receivables grew but at a rate well below our sales growth. Inventories also grew slightly but lower market valuation of grain inventories restrained that growth. Accounts payable grew 7%. We continue to be disciplined in our uses of cash. First half capital expenditures totaled $241 million. We continue to estimate that for the full year our capital spending will total $550 million. Dividends through six months totaled $294 million and the current annualized rate represents a 10% increase over dividends paid in fiscal 2008. Through the first half we’ve purchased almost 19 million shares including nearly 11 million shares in the second quarter. Through the first half we’ve shown broad top line growth momentum. Net sales for US Retail and Bakeries and Foodservice each grew 11%, International was up 8% on an as reported basis or 9% including impact from foreign exchange. That puts segment operating profit up 9% for the first half on top of 4% growth through the first six months last year. As we look to the second half of 2009 we’ll be comparing it to double digit sales increases posted in 2008. We now expect foreign exchange translation to be a headwind for the rest of the year. Despite these factors we see ourselves on track to meet or beat our goals of mid single digit growth from sales and segment operating profits.  We’ve raised our earnings guidance to a range of $3.83 to $3.87 per share, that’s before any impact from mark to market valuation and the gain on the Pop Secret sale. This new guidance represents growth of 9% to 10% from $3.52 earned last year before gains from a tax matter and a mark to market valuation. Our businesses are clearly performing well with broad based sales growth in the quarter. In particular our Pillsbury Division has been posting good sales gains as it ramps up for the holiday season. To tell you more about that I’d like to introduce Juliana Chugg the President of Pillsbury USA Division.
Juliana Chugg: It is a pleasure to be here today to discuss the recent performance of the Pillsbury Division and our goals for the remainder of the year. I’ll start with a quick overview of the Division. We compete in five discrete categories with sales relatively evenly split between refrigerated and frozen products. The refrigerated dough segment is our largest business and Pillsbury is the category leader here with a 69% market share. Including refrigerated and frozen products the Pillsbury brand is one of the largest in General Mills portfolio generating nearly $1.2 billion in net sales from our division. The frozen pizza and hot snacks category have been posting double digit sales growth over the past several years. Here with compete with our Totino’s brand, Totino’s accounts for nearly one third of our division sales, which makes Totino’s roughly equal in size to our Progresso Soup brand on a sales basis. All of our categories are for taste, convenience and value. Important benefits for today’s busy consumer from pizza to hot snacks to refrigerated dough we provide consumers with quick and easy ways to bake at home. We’re able to price for the quality and convenience we offer giving the Pillsbury Division one of the best margins within US Retail. When I met with you in Boston two years ago I described the key objectives for the Pillsbury Division, margin improvement was one of them. As you can see from slide 20 we have consistently and judiciously expanded margin since 2006. We are targeting another 70 basis points of gross margin expansion in 2009 despite unprecedented levels of input cost inflation.  The largest driver of our margin expansion has been productivity particularly in our supply chain through SKU rationalization we’ve improved our asset utilization with fewer production line change overs, longer production runs and lower inventory. We have reduced waste with tighter controls and streamlining workflow. We’ve benefited from global sourcing of various ingredients and packaging materials. In addition, we’ve improved our trade productivity with higher merchandise selling points. For example, last year crescent rolls were merchandised at two packages for $3.00, this year they’re at three packages for $5.00 and merchandising performance through Thanksgiving was just as strong as last year. We’re also improving our margins through product mix. Our lead growth businesses are those product lines with higher margins than the division average. In 2007 43% of our portfolio fell into this category. Today nearly 60% of our products qualify as lead growth businesses and they have been generating good growth with net sales on these lines up 11% so far this year. This performance has translated into strong overall division performance with sales up 12% for the second quarter and 9% for the year to date. As I just showed you we continue to improve our gross margin. We’re investing some of our savings in increased consumer spending, it will be up double digits in 2009 and operating profit is still growing nicely. Our marketing investment drives future sales growth fueling the cycle going forward. This model is working so we’re definitely sticking with it. Slide 23 shows our dollar share performance through the end of November including the Thanksgiving holiday which was a week later this year. Our shares are down slightly in measured channels but that’s not a complete picture of our business. Nearly 70% of our sales growth this year is coming in non-measured channels. We’re posting good growth in outlets such as Wal-Mart, Sam’s, Target and BJ’s which isn’t captured in reported share data. If we include our estimates for these non-measured outlets our share trends through November would be relatively steady year over year. Let’s take a close look at our portfolio and I’ll start with Totino’s. Totino’s is unique in General Mills portfolio in that it’s a value priced brand. Totino’s is right for the times given the current economy and this brand is off to a very fast start so far this year. Retail sales are up 10% for Pizza Rolls and 11% for pizza in channels where we have data.  Earlier this year input costs forced us to take price enhances on these products for the first time in several years yet they continue to appeal to value conscious consumers. In fact, for a while, demand exceeded supply so they were temporarily on allocation. They’re off allocation now and we continue to see good growth on our Totino’s brand. In Frozen breakfast Toaster Strudel continues to post strong levels of growth over the past several years driven by increased consumer investments in the brand. Pillsbury Savorings is our newest frozen product and these heat and eat appetizers are off to a strong start. Since we launched them in July Savorings is turning in the top third of the Frozen Hot Snacks category and has gained nearly four share points. As we continue to build distribution on this product we expect to see additional share gains. As I mentioned earlier Pillsbury is the leader in the $1.7 billion refrigerated dough category, 60% of households in the US purchase at least one Pillsbury refrigerated product in a year. However, when you look at individual product segments where we have strong share positions there is significant opportunity for growth.  Advertising is helping to drive penetration. This fall we launched our “Home is Calling” campaign focusing on the overall Pillsbury brand rather than just a specific product line. In addition to traditional TV advertising we’re promoting the home make goodness of Pillsbury baked goods in non-traditional channels such as the Internet, in movie theaters and on billboards. Consumer response to this campaign has been very positive so far during the holiday baking season. It’s contributing to good growth in our refrigerated dough category through the Thanksgiving holiday. Slide 29 shows our retail sales including Wal-Mart through November 29th. Sweet Roll sales are up 16%, Crescents and Biscuits are each up 9% and cookie sales are up 2% which is a turn around from several years of declining sales. At early rates on December trends are encouraging. The category is up strong double digits due to Thanksgiving timing and Pillsbury has picked up several share points in the first two weeks of December. Innovation will continue to drive growth for the Pillsbury Division. This year we launched a range of new initiatives. We had line extensions on our refrigerated dough including an add on Boston Cream Pie Toaster Strudel. We expanded the Grands brand into frozen dough booting off success of this brand in refrigerated sweet rolls. We’ve expanded into the frozen appetizer section with new Pillsbury Savorings. These products have been highly incremental and represent good platforms for future expansion. To summarize this year we are focused on continued sales and earnings growth through our productivity initiatives. We’re effectively managing our margins and driving division operating profit growth and we’re investing in our higher margin platforms with increased consumer spending. Finally, we’re leveraging innovative new products to drive incremental sales and earnings growth. This approach has been working well for us. In 2009 we expect our division to generate solid sales and earnings growth and we see plenty of opportunity to build on our success in the years ahead. With that I’ll turn the call over to Ken for some operating highlights on the rest of our businesses.
Ken Powell: Pillsbury is just one example of the good growth we’re seeing across our portfolio this year. Slide 33 summarizes our first half net sales performance. Through six months we’ve recorded sales gains in every division and segment of our business with more than half of them growing at double digit rates. Let’s take a look at what’s driving this top line momentum and I’ll start with the Big G Cereal Division. Our ready to eat cereal business remains strong. Retail sales in Nielsen measured outlets alone are up 9% year to date, that’s being driven by growth in baseline or non-promoted sales. Our merchandising activity was above last year’s levels which were unusually low while we completed implementing our right size, right price initiative. However, our merchandising remains below that of our branded competitors and our cereal market share is up roughly two points for the fiscal year to date. We’re seeing good growth for many of our large Big G brands. Our Cheerios franchise is the market leader and continues to perform well with double digit sales growth on original, Honey Nut and Multi-Grain Cheerios. Other brands including Lucky Charms and Fiber One are also posting very healthy sales gains. We’re pleased with the breadth of Big G’s momentum and we see the business on track to deliver good sales and earnings growth in 2009. Progresso is in the midst of another good soup season building on its track record of innovation and growth over the past several years. This year we launched four new varieties of our zero point soups and five flavors of one point soups that contain meat. Together these great tasting low calorie soups are helping to drive continuing growth on the Progresso brand. In November alone Progresso posted more than a point of share growth and its up 1.6 points of share so far this fiscal year. Yoplait yogurt is also posting good sales and market share gains. Yoplait Light is the leading brand in the reduced calorie segment of this market. Retail sales for Light are up 23% so far this year and that’s powering double digit growth in our overall yogurt business.  In addition, our Yo-Plus probiotic yogurt and Fiber One yogurt are gaining distribution and together these lines are growing at strong double digit rates. In January we’ll be launching several new yogurt flavors just in time for diet season. Bob Waldron, President of our Yoplait division will share more about this growing business at our mid year update in New York on January 9th. In Grain Snacks, innovation and strong consumer directed marketing continue to drive sales and market share growth. In the past two and a half years since launching Fiber One bars we’ve increased our share by almost seven points and for the latest 52 weeks we’ve captured market share leadership in this $2 billion retail category.  Overall we’re maintaining very good momentum on our US Retail businesses. We are operating in a challenging environment yet we’re still seeing growth for our categories and for our leading brands as consumer shift some of their food spending into more meals eaten at home. This trend is a good one for General Mills overall because at home food is our biggest business. This spending shift does create some challenging times for our Bakeries and Foodservice segment which sells to outlets for food eaten away from home. Yet, sales for our branded products are growing in Foodservice channels. Net sales for our Yogurt products grew 9% in the quarter while both Cereal and Snack products posted double digit sales growth.  These branded products are driving growth across our customer segments, sales to Foodservice distributors and restaurants were up 4% in the quarter. Sales in convenience stores also grew 4% led by cereals and snacks. Our sales to bakery customers grew 10% as our back of house brands have gained distribution in a variety of in store bakeries. Looking outside of the US our International business posted a 2% sales gain on an as reported basis. As Don mentioned earlier foreign exchange had a significant impact on reported results. Excluding that impact sales were up 10% for the quarter. Slide 41 shows sales growth by region excluding the impact of foreign currency. Europe’s net sales were up 3%, sales were flat in Canada, Latin America and South Africa business grew 15% and sales in Asia/Pacific increased 25%. In Canada we saw strong sales growth on cereal let by fibre1 and both Multi-Grain and Honey Nut Cheerios. Sales for refrigerated baked goods were also strong. In China, we continue to post sales gains with Wanchai Ferry frozen dumplings and our popular Häagen-Dazs brand. In Latin America Nature Valley granola bars and Diablitos sandwich spread were among the best performing product lines. In Europe we’re seeing growth across all of our product platforms including Old El Paso dinner kits and Green Giant canned corn. Cereal Partners Worldwide, our 50/50 joint venture with Nestle continues to achieve sales and profit growth in cereal markets outside North America. Net sales grew 4% in the latest quarter as reported with constant currency sales up 11%. CPW continues to focus on core brands like those pictured on slide 43. Price increases taken across all regions to offset significant input cost inflation also contributed to sales growth.  While near term cereal category growth will likely slow due to economic conditions long term we see continued opportunity ahead for CPW as per capita cereal consumption expands in markets around the globe. As we look toward the second half we see good prospects for continuing growth. Our categories are growing. In the US retail sales in Nielsen measured channels show Yogurt up 7%, Frozen Vegetables up 6%, Desserts up 5%, and Ready to Eat Cereal up 3%. In total the major categories where we compete are growing at a 5% clip.  This data is just for Nielsen measured outlets which represent 60% of our US retail sales. Sales in Wal-Mart and other non-measured channels are generally increasing at faster rates. The total growth rate for our categories including these non-measured channels would be even strong than 5%. Price increases are part of this growth story but the good sales trends in our categories also reflect the fact that these products are staples for many consumers. We compete in large mainstream categories. Slide 45 shows the US household penetration for a number of those categories. As that slide shows two thirds or more of all US households shop each of these categories for their families. Our brands are very well positioned in these attractive categories. General Mills brands rank either number one or number two in their major retail categories. That makes our brands important growth drivers for our customers across the shelf staple, refrigerated and frozen sections of their stores. Our brands represent good value for consumers. Slide 47 shows the price per serving for a variety of our products. These are the non-promoted prices before any merchandising. Even after the price increases we’ve taken to partially offset higher input costs our brands remain high quality, affordable choices for families. Private label shares are growing in this environment. Slide 48 shows that on average private label has a 19% share of food sales across the grocery store for our fiscal year to date. That share is up about one percentage point. In our major categories private label penetration is lower about 14% of sales on average and that share also is up about a point for the first half of our fiscal year. At the same time, we’re seeing share gains for our brands in a number of categories. Slide 49 summarizes our dollar market share trends for the fiscal year to date. Our share isn’t up in every segment but we’re gaining in the majority categories. Innovation is the key to driving sales and earnings growth and we’ve got a variety of new products coming in the second half that will help sustain our momentum. In the US examples include new flavors of some of our best known cereal brands such as Banana Nut Cheerios and Fiber One Shredded Wheat. In selected Western markets we’re launching new flavors of Progresso soup designed to appeal to Hispanic consumers. We’re introducing new flavors of Yoplait Yogurt and new versions of several of our grain and fruit snacks. We’ve got a very good line up of new products outside of the US too, including Nature Valley Chewy Trail Bars launching in the UK and a Häagen-Dazs smoothie coming to European markets. Ian Friendly and Chris O’Leary will talk in more detail about these initiatives on January 9th. To wrap up our comments this morning we see General Mills on track to deliver another year of solid growth building on our long term track record. The current economic environment is challenging but our brands are a good fit with consumer’s needs for great tasting, healthy, convenient foods at a good value. We’re seeing broad based demand for our products in markets around the world. We continue to invest in our brands with consumer spending up 21% so far this year. We’re protecting margins through our holistic margin management efforts. The fundamentals of our game plan are strong. Our balance approach to protecting margins, reinvesting in our brands and ensuring our products provide good value for consumers is working. We’ve generated strong results in the first half which has enabled us to raise our full year guidance and we’re going to continue to focus on strong execution in the second half of the year. That concludes our prepared remarks this morning. I’ll ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Did you say how much the FX headwind would be for 2009?
Ken Powell: We didn’t give you specific detail on that. We just told you clearly it was helping us and now it’s moving against us. Even with that FX headwind we have enough confidence in what we’ve done in the first half and our business prospects going forward to raise guidance a little bit.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: When you thought about the FX because obviously yesterday the environment may have changed a little bit for the foreign currency, what were you expecting did you use rates as of two or three weeks ago or are you using rates as of yesterday and the potential for the weaker dollar going forward?
Don Mulligan: We have to take a point in time when you do any estimate. Clearly that number is going to move at any given day given the volatility of the foreign exchange market. This isn’t something that we necessarily update every day but we looked at the rates over the last week and we said where do we think see those impacting our full year results.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: A lot of the retailers have been discussing potential roll back of pricing. You have not actually been pricing to your inflation, to what extent do you think that there will be pressure from the retailers to reduce some pricing or will you be able to maintain. How do you think about the environment in terms of the retail pressure coming on the pricing side?
Ken Powell: We discussed pricing and merchandising continually with our retail customers. What we’re explaining to them in the current environment is that as you said, we’ve done a very, very good of pricing well behind the rate of inflation. Over the last four years, for example, our input costs increased 25%. Yet our price increase ranged from 8% to 10% so well behind the rate of inflation. We explain that to our retail customers and I think they understand that and that’s working for us right now.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Generally you would not expect any major roll backs in your prices going into the new year is that a fair statement?
Ken Powell: We never talk about pricing going forward. I want you to understand what a terrific job we’ve done of pricing well behind the rate of inflation and I think that our retail customers understand and appreciate that performance on our part.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: In terms of the international environment there’s been a lot of concerns about the weakening consumer, however, it doesn’t seem like you’re underlying growth in your International business has actually been hit by the weakening economy. Can you talk about how you look at it going forward and do you think that there’s any risk to a slow down in your International sales growth?
Ken Powell: You are of course right. We are seeing recessionary headwinds in most markets around the world. As we all know this is a global slow down. Having said all that, our International categories continue to grow in most of our markets and we’re gaining share for most of our categories in most of those markets. Our performance continues to be quite good. Our largest international markets which would be Canada, UK, China and Australia they’re all performing very well. We expect to hit our target levels of top line and bottom line performance this year. We are seeing some softness in France, although recently that is improving. We’re also well behind last year in Argentina and that’s a significant business. We’re behind there due to you may recall a fire that we had at a pasta plant outside of Buenos Aires last year, we’re still not fully back in the business as a result of that but we’re getting back. We expect that to improve in the second half. There are pockets of softness but overall we feel quite good about the performance of our International business and expect it to hit target.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: I know you were talking about all of the talk on both the retail and the vendor sides around pricing and what have you. We’ve been hearing that maybe there is even potentially in the Cereal category some incremental pricing that’s being either thought about or has already been taken in Cereal going forward. I didn’t know if there was something out there publicly with the trade now that you’d be able to address in light of the comments on the earlier question or if General Mills has announced anything through the trade forward looking.
Ken Powell: We haven’t announced any pricing on Cereal.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: Have there been things announced to the trade there from others that you’ve heard about?
Ken Powell: Kellogg’s I believe announced some pricing for the new year, we’re generally aware of that. You may be aware of that as well. We haven’t announced any pricing though.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: I saw relative to what we had modeled the corporate on allocated was quite a bit lower in the quarter. I didn’t know if there was a rough estimate of what you expected there on the full year or if some of that was just timing. Potentially what we can think about around timing for the restructuring which I guess is a little bit more back half loaded this year.
Don Mulligan: If you look at corporate on allocated on a year to date basis through the first six months and you back out the mark to market it goes through both this year and last year. The gain that we had through last year on a small corporate investment that we sold in the second quarter last year, if you equalize for all that actually corporate on allocated was about flat for the two six month periods. You are right on restructuring, our guidance in full year would be in line with the most recent couple of years and the $30 to $40 million range would indicate that it’s going to be more back half loaded this year.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: I assume that’s part of the reason around the way you’ve thought about guidance relative to what was in the quarter versus what you’re looking for for the full year.
Don Mulligan: That is correct, that is a factor. Overall in terms of our guidance our focus is on executing the plan for the balance of the year and we just don’t want to get ahead of ourselves from a financial target standpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer – UBS
David Palmer – UBS: I know getting specific to a category particularly with a large competitor can be a touchy subject but your share gains in this first half in Cereal particularly lately seem fairly extreme and may speak to relative promotion spending. I wonder how we should be thinking about what is sustainable, what is healthy for the category and ultimately do you anticipate there will be gives and takes in terms of the ebb and flow of promotion spending between you and your branded competition in that category.
Ken Powell: We feel very, very positive about the momentum in our Cereal business. The reason we do is because we have such strong baseline momentum across so many of our core brands. I called out a few of those in our prepared remarks; Cheerios is very, very strong really across the line, Fiber One continues to be strong. Our core kid brands of Lucky Charms and Cinnamon Toast Crunch, Total gaining baseline share, great strength on full price sales across the line. We know that during the first half of this year one of our competitors was affected by a severe flood at one of their plants which we believe affected their ability to fully supply. We also know that the Post Cereals are in transition from the seller to the buyer and I think as you look at the shares of those manufacturers they were a little bit low in the first half. We expect the environment to become more competitive as we move to the second half of our fiscal year. We don’t believe we’re going to see these kinds of share gains. Having said all that we believe the fundamentals of the business are very, very strong and we look forward to a very good second half.
Kris Wenker: I’m going to add one other thing. Remember that when Jeff Harmening was on this call in the first quarter he kind of described a pattern that we were going to have on promotion this year because we had very little merchandising going on in stores a year ago in the second quarter. We knew the year over year comparison would show some merge here but once again he told you he’s targeting cost per case line on trade in Big G for the full year so it’s about even spread across the full year instead of last year where the merchandising was pretty much in the back half. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens – JP Morgan
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: I don’t want to pitch it too hard on Cereal here but as you look at the Nielsen numbers at least for the period that corresponds with your quarter you guys show one of the few negative prices we’re seeing. If you try to make a reasonable extrapolation it may be negative pricing at alternate channels as well. Is this mainly a comparison issue and I think what a lot of the questions are trying to get to is particularly as we look forward into next year and we see, I guess no one really knows where grains are going to settle out, but it could be that they’re markedly lower.  The concern would be that maybe there’s a little bit of a price war there in a category that’s traditionally very profitable. Could you comment around that if you would please?
Ken Powell: Just to go back to the first part of your question it does relate very much to that point that Kris made earlier. A year ago at this time we were very focused on implementing our right size, right price initiative and our merchandising levels fell, particularly during the second quarter.  As we restored the level of merchandising really to our historical levels, as I noted in the prepared remarks still a little bit below the category averages, as we’ve restored that you’ve seen the price points come back into line accordingly. That is very much a case of a year over year comparison where a year ago we had weak levels of merchandising. Going forward we see very positive category dynamics for us. I will comment on what we think our input cost environment will be, we’ll talk about that in June but right now we think the level of merchandising in the category is very much in line with what we’ve seen historically. We don’t see really that changing or moving. We’re very optimistic overall about the category going forward.
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: When you did mentioned it you mentioned you would like to return to the 2006 level of promotional spending is that still pretty much what you’re looking at?
Ken Powell: I don’t know that we’ve ever said anything like that. I think what we have said is that our merchandising would return to our historical levels particularly during the second quarter this year. That has happened as we predicted. Going forward we would expect those levels to stay in line with what we’ve seen historically.
Don Mulligan: The one thing to keep in mind for the year is that the flow will return to historical norm and our trade cost per case will continue to decline.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: A specific question on Foodservice because that was really the business that surprised me the most, most everything else was in line. Given everything we hear about the macro environment and impact on restaurants and Foodservice consumption I’m just surprised that you put up $60 million of EBIT which I think is the strongest quarter you’ve had since you’ve pretty much set up the division that way post the Pillsbury deal. Could you talk a little bit more as to what we should think about it in terms of a profitability level for that segment and how that jives with what’s going on, on a macro basis?
Ken Powell: The Foodservice performance the story there is similar to the story that you’re seeing in our other divisions, it starts with ongoing and very good productivity efforts across their business so they continue to do a very good job of driving productivity across their lines. We did take pricing in that business as you know as our input costs ran up. The combination of pricing and productivity was very effective for us.  The third and very important area is our high focus on these branded products so we had great sales in cereal, bars and yogurt. These are our high margin categories and through the highest margin channels which are distributor channels and c-store channels. The case of pricing, the case of productivity and it’s a case of focus on the high margin elements of that business. I agree with you, it’s a very good performance for those guys in a very challenging environment. For the year we believe that they’re going to hit their target levels of sales and earnings but a very good quarter for them.
Don Mulligan: To put some specifics on the full year, as we said in June we continue to hold to for the business, we expect dollar earnings to be flat to last year and that is taking into consideration last year we had some unusually high earnings from our grain merchandising which we don’t expect to reoccur this year. That will put some pressure on the back half profit because most of those grain earnings last year came in the second half of F08.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: We’ve been focusing a little bit more on private label share gains which you talked about within your categories but you’re doing well. How do you see this playing out for the tertiary brands do you think that private label is a more secular threat for them? What are you hearing from retailers with that regard?
Ken Powell: We focus very much and take very seriously private label products really think of them as retailer brands. Our divisions and our marketing teams really study those brands and take them very seriously. We test our products against many private label products to make sure that we have superiority. It’s important for you to know that we do take them seriously as a competitor. In this environment the fact that we’re gaining share in most of our categories shows that consumers continue to strongly prefer our brands. I think you’re right that the number three or number four or number five brand in the category can be in a very difficult situation when you have private label growing and the number one and number two brands in the category are growing as well. I think it does play out in a very difficult way for those fourth and fifth brands.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: If they cut prices to try to hang in there on the shelf what do you think the retailer’s reaction is to that? Would they prefer private label over the tertiary brands? It seems to me that that’s going to be a critical competitive element if we see the roll over in AG and it gives these tertiary brands the opportunity to play a price weapon versus what the major brands seemingly have been a little more rational.
Ken Powell: It’s very very hard to predict both what commodities are going to do in the future and how these individual dynamics are going to play out. I’m not going to try to make a prediction there other than to say that I think in this environment it can be tough for those number four and number five brands generally.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: On the consumer spending number, 21% for the quarter was very impressive; I think that’s got to be one of the largest numbers I’ve seen from you on a quarterly basis in a long time. What is the goal for the year, what should we expect on consumer spending goals?
Ken Powell: It will be double digit for the year and so it will moderate in the second half. What you saw in the second quarter was some incremental new initiatives. Juliana in her remarks talked about some new very effective advertising for the Pillsbury division where we devoted incremental spending and we’re very, very pleased with the affects of that advertising.  We also had some new and incremental campaigns for our Green Giant vegetables, for our Old El Paso Mexican products that we advertised for the first time in many years. For both of those campaigns very pleased with the results as well. We had some incremental initiatives in the second quarter that drove base lines very nicely and we were very pleased with those efforts. We would expect the expenditure to moderate in the second half and will come in at a double digit level for the year.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: Can you comment on your input hedging, is any of your F10 has that been hedged already given the size of the mark to market it would seem like that’s a true statement but I’m just curious if you started to do any of that hedging at this point.
Don Mulligan: We’ve lagged a little bit into F10 our focus is we took position earlier this year even exiting F08 was to make sure we had a good line on ’09. As the commodity costs have come off we’ve obviously turned our attention to F10 and we have lagged a little bit into F10 but most of the hedges are still for F09 year.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: Can you also comment on interest expense, this number was quite a bit lower than what I thought and I believe at the beginning of the year your guidance for interest expense was up a little bit but it sure doesn’t look like that’s how its going now.
Don Mulligan: We’ve been pleased with where interest rates have gone in the last month and a half, they certainly have spiked after September but they’ve started to compress a bit. We’ve been able to still maintain ready access to the Commercial Paper markets; we’ve been able to still tap into the low end of the curve. Our guidance for the year, you’re right, was for low single digit increase in interest expense. I think that’s probably still a good number to carry.  We may come in more flattish if interest rates continue to remain at the current levels but that’s a tough one to predict right now so I wouldn’t necessarily commit to that or put that target out there yet.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: On net sales guidance for the first half of the year you’re up double digits, you’re guiding for mid single digits for the full year that would mathematically just imply relatively no sales growth in the back half. Is that correct and if so can you just give me a little detail on why the back half would look like that?
Ken Powell: You’re correct, that’s the way the math works out. We have a lot of confidence in our business model right now, we feel very good about the business. It is a challenging environment and as you heard earlier our focus for the second half will be to keep the team here very focused on good solid execution and we have raised guidance a little bit here in the second quarter. We don’t want to get ahead of ourselves in terms of financial guidance. You’re hearing some prudence and some conservatism for the second half but a lot of confidence in the business model.
Don Mulligan: On the numbers as we said in our remarks we expect to meet or beat the mid single digit sales and operating profit guidance that we’d given earlier in the year. Depending on how you draw the range on mid single digits that does imply some low single digit growth in sales in the back half which is also going to be depressed from the translation on an FX standpoint. When you roll that together to Ken’s point we’re still cautious as we look to the back half in terms of setting new financial targets. There is still going to be some real organic growth in the back half on the top line.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: If you could touch a little bit on holistic margin management, obviously that had an impact in Bakeries and Foodservice in the quarter could you just give us a sense of how you’re thinking about that over the balance of the fiscal year and into fiscal 2010 are you trying to flow it along with commodity cost increases so are you accelerating or decelerating it based on the way the cost environment appears to be playing out or are there any particular segments of the business that you expect to have more or less benefits from holistic margin management on a go forward basis?
Ken Powell: We continue to maintain a very high focus on holistic margin management as we have over the last four years and clearly that initiative has helped us in many, many ways. We have a very high focus on it. We have very good visibility on the level of productivity and margin management initiatives going forward really over the next three years. We review this regularly with our team leaders. You heard Juliana in her remarks talk about how holistic margin management has played out in the Pillsbury division it’s been a key part of their success.  The details of what she has done are different from what has been done in other divisions. Any division president that you talk to here will be able to describe to you in a fair amount of detail how they’ve attacked HMM and how it’s benefiting and fueling growth for their business. It’s a very important activity for us, we have great visibility on what its going to do for us going forward and we continue to have a very high focus on it.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: As a backdrop the fact that you’re results are excellent and continue to be excellent can you talk a little bit about anything that’s going on in the business that concerns you whether its in your own business or from a competitive perspective or from a consumer perspective. What if anything is keeping you up at night right now?
Ken Powell: Clearly we’re in a challenging economic environment, it’s recessionary in the US and around the world and consumers are very concerned and so that is keeping everybody in business up at night. Fortunately we have terrific brands that compete in very large categories because of the holistic margin management activities that I talked about earlier we’ve been able to keep our price increases to a minimum, keep those brands as affordable as possible and so do well in a very difficult environment. We’re aware every day that these are challenging times.
Operator: Your last question comes from Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: On the marketing side you gave a good run down of that. I’m curious are you shifting your marketing any way to maybe more value oriented marketing for the consumer in this environment. Have you had any major changes there?
Ken Powell: Our marketing continues to be really very focused on core brand benefits, health benefits for Cheerios and Fiber One and taste for Yogurt. Our messaging continues to be around the fundamental benefits of our products. In partnership with some of our retail customers we are highlighting in store the great value of our products.  It’s buying all the ingredients to make a pizza, for example, in store, one of Juliana’s pizza crusts, pizza and sauces and sausages to put on pizza all merchandise together at a great value. That sort of thing can be a very good message for us right now. We are doing some of that messaging and partnership with our retail customers. Our brand advertising remains very, very focused on the core benefits of the brand.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: In your US Retail division you had roughly 5% price realization. Within that could you tell us in rough terms maybe what mix if that was helpful for you in the quarter. I would also be curious if trade promotion year over year was up as well.
Don Mulligan: For the total company we had eight percentage points price and mix that was predominantly price which is a bit of a shift as we see more of our price come through. Trade for the full year we expect trade cost per case to continue to decline for the third consecutive year. We’re managing that very carefully as well.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: In the quarter would trade have been up year over year, is that something you could verify?
Don Mulligan: We’d have to get back to you on the exact number on the trade but there wasn’t anything unusual outside of the flow of the Big G timing versus last year that we talked about. We have to follow up on the exact number. That would be the only thing that would be an anomaly from the annual trends where we expect a decline.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: On the share repurchase was more than I expected in the quarter. There have been some comments I think it was out of S&P about its trying to get your debt levels down and to maintain your rating. Is that something that we should look forward to now, maybe a little more debt reduction or focus on the balance sheet going forward?
Don Mulligan: Our debt, if you compare quarter end this year to quarter end last year was up about 3% given the size of the growth in the business top and bottom line that’s very manageable and obviously we’re in regular discussions with the rating agencies on the rating which we are cognizant of. Our share repurchase program is ongoing although quite honestly we’re not necessarily putting our foot on the gas pedal right now just given the economic times, to Ken’s point about being cautious more broadly. We continue to manage our cash with our focus on the reinvestment in the business, our dividends and the share repurchase with an eye toward ensuring that we maintain our credit rating as we invest that cash.
Kris Wenker: Thank you everybody.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today we thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-09-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kris Wenker - Vice President Investor Relations Ken Powell – Chief Executive Officer Don Mulligan – Chief Financial Officer Jeff Harmening – President, Big G Cereal Division
Analysts: Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers  Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Terry Bivens – JP Morgan Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley David Palmer – UBS Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse Ed Roesch – Soleil Securities Alexia Howard - Stanford Bernstein
Operator: Welcome to the first quarter fiscal 2009 results. (Operator Instructions) I would like now to turn the call over to Ms. Wenker, Vice President Investor Relations.
Kris Wenker: I’m here with Ken Powell our CEO, Don Mulligan our CFO, and Jeff Harmening who heads up our Big G Cereal division. I’ll turn you over to them in a minute. First I’ve got to cover my usual housekeeping items. The press release on first quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It’s also posted on our website if you still need a copy. In addition we’ve posted slides on our website that supplement the remarks we’ll make on this call. The call will include forward looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions. The second slide in today’s presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. With that I’ll turn you over to Don.
Don Mulligan: As you’ve seen from our financial results released this morning General Mills is off to a strong start in fiscal 2009. Slide four summarizes our first quarter results. Net sales grew 14% to $3.5 billion. Segment operating profit grew 9% despite significantly higher input costs and a 17% in consumer marketing investment. Earnings after tax were $279 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.79. Our earnings results include a net reduction related to mark to market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories. That non-cash impact totaled $91 million pre-tax or $0.17 a share. Excluding this mark to market impact our diluted EPS would have been $0.96 up 19% for the quarter. The key driver of our growth was strong worldwide sales of our products. Sales grew 14% with four points of that growth from increased pound volume. Price realization and positive sales mix drove 9 points in growth and foreign exchange added one point of sales growth for the quarter. Top line results were strong across all business segments as shown on slide six. US Retail sales were up 13%, International segment posted 15% growth and sales for Bakeries and Foodservice grew 17%. Our gross margin as reported for the first quarter was 34.1% down from 37.6% last year due to two factors. First, higher costs for inputs used during the quarter and second, mark to market valuation for commodity hedge positions. We adopted mark to market accounting for the first quarter last year when it resulted in the net reduction of less than $1 million pre-tax. This year our first quarter margin includes the $91 million net reduction I just mentioned. Excluding that mark to market impact our gross margin would have been 36.7% down 100 basis points from last year. This decline was primarily in our Bakeries and Foodservice division. We have taken strong pricing off that the inflation effect on a dollar basis but margin is still pressured.  As we told you in June we expect the strongest year over year increases in our 2009 commodity costs to fall in the early part of the fiscal year. Our plans included a decline in the first quarter margins but we expect to protect our margins for the year end total. Protecting gross margins allows us to continue supporting our brands of strong levels of consumer directed marketing. Our consumer marketing spending was up 17% for the first quarter that was on top of the 11% marketing increase in last years first quarter. Slide nine shows our segment operating margin results for Q1. Despite higher input costs and strong increases in our consumer spending margins were reasonably steady in US Retail and International. Bakeries and Foodservice margins were down more significantly as I mentioned earlier. Overall the operating margin for our combined segments was 18.1% for the quarter. Segment operating profit dollars grew at a very high single digit rate, up 9% as shown on slide 10. US Retail profits increased 11%, International posted another quarter of double digit growth. Bakeries and Foodservice profits totaled $17 million but that was below strong prior year results. Let me comment briefly on our Bakeries and Foodservice segment which is operating in a challenging environment right now. We saw double digit top line growth in the first quarter driven by continued pricing to offset higher commodity costs. With industry volumes a challenge as consumers cut down on meals they eat away from home and buy more at home meals. This trend benefits General Mills as a whole but it’s not a positive one for our Bakeries and Foodservice segment. We’ll continue to prioritize our higher margins, branded product lines and the more resilient foodservice channels. As we told you back in June our plans for 2009 call for modest sales growth in this business. We expect earnings to be flat to 2008 since strong grain merchandising profit contributed significantly to our results. Moving down the income statement after tax earnings from Joint Ventures totaled $31 million in the quarter. Last years JV results included a $2 million after tax charge associated with the CPW restructuring in the United Kingdom. Excluding restructuring items joint venture earnings were up almost 30% in the first quarter. That gross reflects good sales gains with CPW sales up 21% for the quarter and sales for Häagen Dazs joint venture in Japan up 7%. Let’s shift now to the cash flow statement, slide 13 summarizes our core working capital items. In total core working capital grew 9% in the quarter, below our growth in net sales. Inventories were up due to higher input costs but the total grew only modestly because last years first quarter included some high finished goods inventory to support our packaging change in Big G. We purchased eight million shares in the first quarter down significantly from the 21 million shares we purchased in the first quarter last year. Our purchase activity will be spread more evenly this year and our goal is still to reduce our net shares outstanding by 1% in 2009. Let me wrap up this financial summary, our year is off to a solid start. Top line momentum remains strong across our businesses. Our focus on holistic margin management is helping us counter significant increases in input costs. We’re continuing to invest at strong levels behind our brands. On the bottom line earnings per share earnings per share in the first quarter came in above our plan.  As a result we’re raising our earnings guidance for fiscal 2009. We’ve updated our guidance to range of $3.81 to $3.85 per share. That’s excluding any impact of mark to market valuation and excluding the gain we will record on the sale of our Pop Secret microwave popcorn business. What are the key drivers of our strong growth in the recent quarter has been the Big G Cereal business. I’d now like to introduce Jeff Harmening the President of our Big G Cereal Division to talk more about what’s driving growth in that business.
Jeff Harmening: I’m glad to have an opportunity to update you today on our US Cereal business. Big G had a good first quarter delivering 10% net sales growth and mid single unit pound volume gain. I’d like to share some of our key drivers of our growth. Let’s start with the category, it’s healthy and it’s growing. Sales in AC Nielsen measured channels were up 2% in fiscal 2008 and that has accelerated to 3% growth so far in our new fiscal year. Sales in non-measured channels are growing even faster. We estimate the category sales growth through all outlets was about 5% in the first quarter. The drivers of this growth are things that I think will continue. Cereal is a great value. A bowl of cereal with milk is less than $0.50 per serving. It’s a healthy choice and a low calorie meal option. As Don mentioned earlier people are eating more meals at home today and cereal is a quick convenient option for them. Demographics are working in our favor as well. We know the consumers eat more cereal as they reach their 50s so cereal is very much on trend with our aging baby boomer population. These trends are being supported by strong brand building efforts and innovation by industry players. Big G is currently leading the growth in the category. Our share in measured channels is up almost half a point in the latest 12 months. Our growth has accelerated with retail sales of Big G Cereals up 8% for the first quarter and AC Nielsen measured channels alone. Growth in base lines or non-promoted sales is a key part of Big G’s momentum. Our base line performance has improved significantly over the past few years. For the first quarter our base lines were up 2%. That is a trend that drives category growth and profitability. Our Right Size, Right Price initiative one year ago provided an important foundation for our growth making our everyday prices per box more competitive. We’ve built on this with broad based business innovation. When I say innovation I don’t just mean new products. Innovation on our core businesses with strong brand building efforts and improved merchandising efficiency is a big contributor to our growth. These efforts would not be possible without our innovative approach to protecting and growing our margins through holistic margin management or HMM. Let’s look first at our marketing innovation. We plan to increase our media spending for Big G at a double digit rate this year. It’s not only how much you spend it’s where and on what that counts. Let me share a few examples of our current marking initiatives. MultiGrain Cheerios is a great product with strong health credentials. The new advertising for this brand is driving tremendous growth. The message focuses on weight management benefits and results so far have been terrific.  The commercial has been on air since last January, the beginning of our second half last year and as you can see on slide 24 our baseline for non-promoted sales have responded strongly. In addition, it’s rare you hear an update from General Mills these days that doesn’t include Fiber One. Let’s talk about our favorite high fiber cereal. Most people know that fiber is good for you but not many people think it tastes very good. We’ve introduced some great tasting Fiber One Cereal varieties and started telling consumers about them. This is the message that is driving our strong baseline growth. Honey Nut Cheerios is another cereal that tastes good and is good for you and that’s why it’s now the second best cereal in the US according to AC Nielsen Dollar Share data right behind original Cheerios. Honey Nut Cheerios appeals to multiple consumer targets. Baby boomers, kids and Hispanic consumers all love this product. Recently we’ve increased our advertising spending to reach more consumers and the brand has responded nicely. Baseline, our non-promoted sales are up 21% in the first quarter. We also have some terrific kid focused brands in our cereal portfolio. The fastest growing one is Lucky Charms. This brand has been around for more than 40 years and we reenergized it with product innovation and marketing. We’ve added a new marshmallow, an hourglass charm that gives Lucky the power to control time. Now I know this doesn’t sound very exciting to many of you but if you’re a nine year old this is really cool stuff. First quarter baseline sales were up more than 20% behind this initiative. We’re always working to improve the health benefits of our products. Big G kids cereals are made with whole grain and are now a good source of calcium and vitamin D, and we’re the only cereal manufacturer that can say that. Along with our brand building we support our products in store with merchandising and point of purchase marketing. This in store promotion provides good visibility for our brands and is good for our customers as well. Last year during our first half we were focused on a lot of things because we implemented Right Size, Right Price but merchandising wasn’t one of them. As a result, our merchandising was down in the first half and down double digits in the second quarter. We were also merchandising more minor brands as we worked through our inventory. We want our merchandising to be competitive but we do not aspire to be the discount leader. We do aspire to continue improving the effectiveness of our merchandising and we did that in the first quarter this year. For the quarter our trade cost per case was down and the percent of our volume sold at merchandise price points was down as well.  The effectiveness of our merchandising improved with a better mix of brands, event tie ins like the recent Batman movie and an increased use of displays. That better mix drove an improvement in the net dollar volume gains we get from merchandising activities, or the percent of our merchandise volume that’s incremental to our business. In the second quarter I expect that our volume sold with merchandising will be up. That’s because of the low year ago levels I just told you about. Overall, we’re planning for a more even flow of merchandising over the year and for our fiscal year end total we are not planning significant changes in the depths of discounts we offer or the number of times we merchandise our products. We’re planning for trade cost per case to be flat for the year. We will also continue to bring new ideas to the cereal aisle. During the first quarter we launched Total Cinnamon Crunch and Cocoa Puffs Combos and our Small Planet Foods Division introduced two new organic cereals under the Cascadian Farm brand. These products are performing well. We have additional new products coming in the second half of the year and we’ll tell you more about those at our mid year meeting in January. The product and marketing innovation we just discussed needs fuel so our goal is to protect our margins not only in terms of absolute dollars but on a percentage basis as well. Big G grew its margin in fiscal 2008 and we’re using holistic margin management approach a combination of productivity, pricing and mix improvement to improve our business performance and protect margins again this year. Let me wrap up my comments this morning. Big G is off to a great start this year and it’s a continuous momentum that we created in 2008. We’re generating good baseline growth through broad based innovation and keeping our business healthy by protecting our margins. This is our approach to driving growth for Big G in the US Cereal category as a whole. With that I’ll turn you over to Ken for some operating highlights on the rest of our businesses.
Ken Powell: As you can see Big G is a good example of the growth we’re seeing across our portfolio. In fact, sales growth accelerated across our divisions and business segments during our latest quarter. Fiscal 2008 sales were up 10% and in the first quarter we saw double digit gains in almost all our divisions and reporting segments and 14% growth overall. Let’s take a quick look at what’s ahead. We’re moving into soup season and I think it will be another great year for the ready to serve category and our Progresso brand. We’ll build the Light segment we created last year with four new varieties of our zero point soups; these are the ones that have just 60 calories per serving. We’re introducing five new SKUs of one point soups; these are the ones that contain meat. We’re also entering the $500 million broth segment with three all natural varieties in aseptic packages. We’ll continue to support Progresso with strong marketing. We have two new television ads that began airing just this week. Progresso’s retail sales were up 9% for our first quarter in channels where we have data. I feel good about our plans to keep this momentum going. We’re also coming up to the winter holiday season which is an important time of year for our refrigerated dough and baking businesses. As we mentioned earlier consumers are eating more meals at home right now and Pillsbury and Better Crocker products are well positioned to capitalize on this trend. This year we’re introducing some great products for our consumers to use every day not just over the holidays. This includes our new Savorings line of frozen appetizers which we think will be a great addition to our portfolio. In October we’ll kick off Pink Together, our proprietary national breast cancer awareness campaign. Pink Together builds on a decade long relationship between our Yoplait brand and the Susan G. Komen for the Cure organization. Pink Together leverages our broad portfolio featuring leading General Mills brands across 13 categories in the grocery store.  It will include promotion on our packages, in store displays, and advertising efforts focused during October and November as well as an online social networking site that extends throughout the year. This campaign to fight breast cancer is something that our consumers and our retailers care about and so do we. To summarize the outlook for our US Retail business first our categories are on-trend with consumers and are showing strong growth in the current economic environment. Our brands hold leading positions in these attractive categories and our brands are growing due to effective innovation and increased consumer marketing investment. For 2009 we’re continuing to target mid single digit sales growth for our US Retail segment. We expect a combination of strong productivity, pricing and mix will enable us to hold or grow our operating profit margin for the year in total. Looking outside the US sales momentum on our international business remained good as well, up 15% overall. Volume measured in pounds was flat in the quarter. If you exclude Argentina where we lost our major pasta plant in January due to a fire, volume would have been up 3%. Slide 40 shows sales growth by region.  Excluding the impact of foreign currency Europe’s net sales were up 5%. Sales were up 5% in Canada. Our Latin America and South Africa business grew 10% and sales in Asia/Pacific increased more than 20%. Foreign exchange contributed an additional six points of growth bringing the reported total to 15%. This is on top of 19% growth in the comparable period last year. This growth was driven by good performance on core brands across our three growth platforms of super premium ice cream, world cuisine and healthy snacking. In Europe Häagen Dazs is performing well particularly in the UK. In Canada our Cereal business is strong. In Latin America sales increased 10% with good gains on Diablitos meat spread in Venezuela and continued growth on Häagen Dazs and Nature Valley. In the Asia/Pacific region sales of Häagen Dazs and Wanchai Ferry frozen dumplings in China along with sales of Old El Paso Mexican foods in Australia drove strong double digit increases. Looking ahead to the rest of 2009 we expect to see continued strong top line growth with effective marketing and strong innovation like the introduction of new flavors to our successful Häagen Dazs dolce product line and the expansion of the Nature Valley product line outside the US with the introduction of chewy bars. We’ll continue to take our brands to new cities and markets including expanding our Wanchai Ferry brand to new cities in China and opening new Häagen Dazs shops in Eastern Europe and Turkey. Finally, we’ll remain focused on improving our margins with HMM, the benefits of scale and pricing actions where needed. Cereal Partners Worldwide, our 50/50 joint venture with Nestle continues to achieve sales and profit growth in cereal markets outside North America. Volume grew in our latest quarter with our continued focus on core brands such as those pictured in slide 43 and expansion of our Oak Crisp franchise. Price increases taken across all regions to offset significant input costs inflation also contributed to sales growth. The outlook for CPW is very positive and we see continued category growth ahead has per capita cereal consumption expands in markets around the globe. To wrap up our comments this morning, we’re on track to generate another year of good sales and earnings growth in 2009. We expect mid single digit growth in net sales and segment operating profit. As Don shared with you earlier we have raised our earnings per share guidance for the year. We’re sticking to the fundamentals of our game plan and intense focus on productivity to protect margins and strong investment in brand building. We think this balanced approach will lead to quality top line growth which we plan to convert into quality growth in operating profit and earnings per share. That concludes our prepared remarks this morning and I’ll ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers.
Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers : There was a story yesterday regarding ASDA in Europe, talking about cutting some pricing on some of their food items across the board. I don’t know that this changes perspective on pricing really at all I just didn’t know where you thought that was coming from or more broadly is there something different going on in certain parts of Europe maybe even just the UK specifically that might be a lot different from what we’re seeing here where it would seem like pricing is really going to be a part of the landscape for a while.
Ken Powell: I saw that article just as I was getting ready to head off yesterday so I am familiar with what was said there. I don’t know enough about the specific situation in the UK to comment. I will tell you that our view is pretty much what it has been for the last several quarters which is that we anticipated that we would have 9% inflation this year obviously we just said that we still expect that to be the case and have a pretty good line of sight on that. We expect inflation to begin to moderate in the out years and hopefully we’re beginning to see the signs of that moderate inflation in our minds would be inflation along the lines of 4% to 5% a year, still significant but not 9%. Our view is that it is going to moderate and we’ll be able to offset more of it with productivity but we are in an environment we believe of continuing global growth and continuing pressure on commodities.
Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers : As we think ahead to the fiscal second quarter I remember last year, particularly in US Retail there was a bit more of a skew in terms of the top line growth towards volume. I think you had a pretty successful quarter with some of the products that were heavier from a tonnage standpoint. Is there any reason to think we’d see that skew back one way or the other based on your marketing plans or perhaps might that be more balanced in the way we see US Retails top line as we go into next quarter.
Ken Powell: I do remember that there was some of the heavier products drive that second quarter last year. I think we were a little heavy on vegetables and soup and that sort of thing. We’re just entering the quarter and my expectation is that we’ll probably see a bit more balance in the quarter. Its early days.
Don Mulligan: As Jeff mentioned on our merchandising, our merchandising will be more balance in Big G so it will have more merchandising in this second quarter than we did in last years second quarter and given that Big G is some of our lighter products that will probably gear more toward balancing it as Ken alluded to.  
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch: Very nice results this quarter, pretty much across the board. I had a couple questions on Big G; you highlighted several brands where you’re really seeing tremendous baseline and overall sales growth. In order to reconcile that with 2% baseline growth and 10% overall sales growth there had to be some brands that aren’t performing at quite that level.  Could you talk a bit about the opportunity to further broaden the performance across the Big G portfolio and would that be a priority in the second half of this year and have some initial efforts like you have a new product in Total this year on the Total brand this year, are they showing much traction?
Jeff Harmening: I didn’t want to bore all of you with all the examples we have of some of our big brands that are growing but Total is doing a lot better than what it was before, it’s now up this year versus being down a year ago. Reese’s has seen growth, Cinnamon Toast Crunch is seeing growth, and yellow box Cheerios is seeing growth. What we see is growth among our big core brands. The places where we’re losing volume are the places where we gained a year ago on Right Size, Right Price.  Remember we were moving out a lot of inventory of lesser brands and they saw a lot more growth than we would have thought. What we see this year is really the reverse of that and better momentum on our core businesses and not a strong business on our lesser businesses. That’s a great mix for us and that’s frankly the goal we’re trying to accomplish.
Ken Powell: I would echo what Jeff Harmening just said. One of the most exciting things about Big G now is the breadth of brand strength and we still see they have very strong marketing ideas in that division. We like the quality of the advertising that we’ve seen. We see a number of good places where we could invest in additional advertising and expect to get a very good ROI on that advertising. We’re feeling quite confident about the direction that division is heading in.
Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch: In terms of consolidated I believe you talked about 9% or high single digit increase in consumer marketing for fiscal ’09 you obviously started this year well ahead of that. Should current performance continue or anything close to the current rate of performance continue, are there opportunities out there for you to further put dollars to work to continue the sustainable growth or should we expect perhaps a greater amount than last year to fall through to the bottom line?
Ken Powell: I think balance is always the key. You know that over the last two years, at least, as we’ve seen our momentum accelerate and our sales accelerate. We’re responded appropriately by increasing marketing investment where we thought there was the opportunity to get a good return and where we thought it would really help to accelerate or sustain our momentum. That’s pretty much the approach that we’ll be taking this year as well. As we see how the year unfolds, if we see opportunities to sustain or strengthen our moment with good high ROI incremental investments that’s something that we’ll be looking very closely to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: I wanted to ask a question first relative to the gross margin and obviously the percentage for gross margin was down in the quarter you talked about some gross margin stabilization for the year. Does that, just by the math, require more price realization around your cost inflation to keep that gross margin flat or what changes in the next three quarters can overcome this 100 basis point underlying decline in the gross margin?
Don Mulligan: There are a couple factors to take into account. First as we highlighted in June and indicated again this morning is we do see our inflation more front loaded this year. Inflation while still remaining elevated in historical terms will moderate some as the year unfolds. Second is that we’ve taken most of our pricing actions that were in the plan but they still are taking full effect in the second quarter versus what would come through during the first quarter. Third is on Bakeries and Foodservice which again is where we see the crux of the shortfall in the first quarter. We see that business as the year unfolds stabilizing some in terms of getting the price through as inflation stays high but moderates a bit. A fourth factor would also be our productivity which we’ll continue to see benefit as the year unfolds.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: On the Bakery and Foodservice side you’ve gotten your price increases it sounds like in relation to the cost inflation, you made that comment in your opening remarks. You got the pricing through in relation to the cost inflation for the year is the question.
Don Mulligan: The pricing that we’re getting through in Bakeries and Foodservice is really matching our dollar inflation. That’s really where we’re trying to balance the volume and the pricing. As you understand a very challenged segment. That’s one that’s going to continue throughout the year as one that we’re going to have to most closely monitor in terms of its gross margins. If we look at the total company we still remain confident, certain remain targeted to holding our overall consolidated gross margin to last year.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus: Relative to your hedging I didn’t hear an update and perhaps you gave one and I missed it. I didn’t hear an update in terms of how hedged you are for the year in your costs.
Don Mulligan: We’re approximately 70% hedged for the year we can into the year 60% so we’ve extended some of that coverage. It varies by category in terms of our actual coverage.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: My first question has to do with your forecast. Based on your answers to Chris’ question and the fact that if you keep your interest expense at the same run rate that’s a $0.10 positive swing year over year. I’m surprised with the cost of goods being pressured in the first quarter plus the pricing coming through Bakery and Foodservice doing a bit better and the interest expense swing why your earnings estimate outlook isn’t better.
Don Mulligan: Let me talk about interest expense then I’ll back up a little bit to talk about the total. Interest expense in the first quarter was benefited versus last year for a couple of reasons. First we exited F08 with a little better debt position than we had anticipated because the cash flow was much stronger at the end of the year because of strong earnings. In the first quarter as you’ll see in the cash flow statement we did not buy as many shares back in the first quarter so our debt balance in the first quarter was further benefited from that. That was because last year we were buying early in the year in anticipation of closing the share forward contract with Lehman in October which we did. This year what you’re going to see is a smoothing out of that share repurchase which will mean an increase of our debt year over year versus what you saw in the first quarter. The other factor is with that interest we are seeing some pressure on interest rates now. While they were down year over year in the first quarter the current environment certainly is putting some pressure on those rates as well. On the interest expense I wouldn’t annualize the Q1 savings versus last year as you think about your model. Overall as we said when we gave our initial guidance we are looking to ensure that we continue to deliver consistent results, strong top line and strong bottom line. As Ken alluded to we want to make sure that we’re supporting those through the adequate consumer spending. As the year unfolds as we see opportunities to reinvest in the business we’ll do so as we have in the last two years. In the last two years with incremental spending through on the right brands to continue to drive that growth as we’ve seen the earnings improve. We’ve also flowed some of those earnings positive through. As we’ve exceeded our original guidance in both the last two years what we’re indicating today is that we see some of that positive momentum already coming through in the first quarter. As we look at the full year we already see that more positive picture than we saw two months ago when we met with you in Chicago.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: It still sounds to me like you’re being awfully conservative but so be it.
Don Mulligan: We’re only one quarter into the year.
Ken Powell: We have 80% of the year in front of us.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: My follow up question has to do more strategically in terms of your approach to M&A so far you got rid of Pop Secret. I think it was under your watch with Lloyds Barbeque or some of those other businesses you bought LaraBars, can you talk a little bit more about how you view that given that cash flow is accelerating, your yield is competitive, you’re buying back stock, your debt balances are okay. How do you think about M&A and explain the strategy so far.
Ken Powell: Let me answer that in two parts. First of all I want you to know, we’ll repeat what we said in the past which is that we continuously are looking at all of our business and business segments to make sure that for each business we can see a very clear vision for the future and ways to drive value for shareholders with those businesses within our portfolio.  If we don’t see that and don’t really see a way to make that happen for us then we’re willing to see if those businesses would be better off in someone else’s hands. You gave a couple of recent examples of that Lloyds and just in the last few days Pop Secret. We are continuously going through that process across our portfolio. On the acquisition side, as we’ve said in the past we love the categories that we’re in both in the US and around the world. We’re looking for good ways to add to those categories to build on them possibly through tuck in acquisition. That is something we’re very much looking at. We think that could be a way to accelerate our momentum in certain categories.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Would you have a bias to do it more international than domestic or you really don’t care.
Ken Powell: There are opportunities in both places and there probably are a few more internationally but there are many, we’re in such great categories in the US, and they’re on trend and growing. We see opportunities here as well. We really are looking in both places.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens – JP Morgan.
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: There was mention by Kroger, they released their results yesterday, it had a much proportion of private label food sales than I was expecting. The question would be I think Ken you guys at the Lehman conference noted that the market share I think for all food, you were giving us somewhere around 20% only 14% for your categories I think this data was as of nearing the end of July. Have you noticed any change?
Ken Powell: Those numbers sound right generally right that you’re quoting. There really hasn’t been much of a change in our category. I think that our aggregate share is 25%, our category, something in that neighborhood and private label is at 13% or 14% so you’re roughly right. As you know, in aggregate we gain share in the first quarter and we’re gaining share in most of our categories.  We’re doing well. We’re doing well at Kroger and the trade down phenomenon that we believe is most significant in this environment is the shift that we’re seeing of food away from home to food purchased at the grocery store. I think that that is really a very significant factor here.
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: No real acceleration as far as you’re concerned with the private label.
Ken Powell: Not really no.
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: If you look at the Nielsen data it looks as though there’s less pricing in ready to serve soup than you see in most of the other food categories. It makes me wonder going into this soup season has there been any tendency to revert to a lot of the promotional spend that we’ve seen in earlier years. The concern there would be maybe RTS is looking at a slightly less rational year than we’ve seen in the past.
Ken Powell: No, if anything I would say I’m very encouraged by the pricing environment in soup. As you know the appropriate and needed list price increases have gone through over the last several months in the category. We don’t see any signs of irrational behavior on the merchandising side. This is the category I think that is being driven increasingly by brand building on the part of both competitors and new product innovation. There are very good messages in the soup category. Our messages are around light soup as a low calorie option and great tasting option. With zero and one point we’ve added to that messaging. Our competitors have theirs. We see it as a very positive environment for innovation and brand building right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities.
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities: I wanted to maybe ask a little bit more specifically, I think a lot of us are wondering if this juncture now that commodities are declining with the same sort of headlines and vigor which they went up. Is there a building expectation at the retail trade that you’re detecting right now that continued commodity declines, I realize they’re still up year over year right now, probably at the levels where you’ve had a lot of pricing conversations. As commodities come down if they continue their slide is there an expectation that there will be some substantial price give backs to consumers and to retailers before that. What do you think about that?
Ken Powell: Any sort of significant commodity deflation is not really the scenario that we’re counting on. The reason for that is that we believe that the key driver of the last decade and particularly the last five years, which is huge increases in demand globally and outside the US and Asia and Eastern Europe and South Asia. We think that that fundamental aspect of the economy is going to continue and it’s going to continue to put demand on all sorts of commodities. It’s everything, its grain; dairy, metals, meats, packaging and we don’t really see that going away. We do see it moderating as I said. We think we’re beginning to see the signs of that. That is really the scenario that we’re counting on.
Don Mulligan: The only thing I would add to it is that our approach over the last number of years, particularly in the past year we’ve seen the spike in the inflation is to work our holistic margin management lever first and our pricing across all of our categories we have taken typically less than the input inflation that we’ve experienced. I think that will serve us well as this does moderate, hopefully it moderates.
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities: If commodities keep going up it’s a moot point, or if they stay where they are it’s a moot point. I realize you have absorbed some of this cost increase to your profit line up until now. I’m wondering is there an understanding from retailers that that’s the case to the extent do you know what their expectations are?
Ken Powell: They certainly understand the effort that we’ve undergone to take costs out of the system. We work with many of them to work jointly to take the costs out of the system so they’re very aware of it. As you recall from before they feel it in their own businesses they manage their private label business so there’s a very good sensitivity from a retailer standpoint on the input inflation factors that we’re all seeing. I think there is an appreciation of the efforts that we make to take costs out before we have to come to them to talk about pricing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: I’m wondering if you could help us understand the trade down that you mentioned a few minutes ago related to eating less outside of the home. Is what you’re seeing, is this consistent with prior economic downturns or is there something different about it this time. Ultimately, when the economy recovers or gas prices go down further and the consumer eats out more often again, how do you think about that, how do you plan for that? Do you model forward, is there some sort of historical way that you’re looking at it that you can share with us.
Ken Powell: The last time we would have seen this kind of inflation is a long time ago 25 or 30 years ago. At that point in time the amount of money spent on food outside the home was and a proportion of the consumer’s food budget spent away from home was less than it is today. In the world we live in today half of all food dollars are spent outside the home, about half a trillion. We’re not talking about a huge shift in the recent year. Restaurant counts are down 2% to 3% but that’s very significant and meaningful in terms of grocery trips and our categories. I think that is a tail wind for us. I think our business momentum over the last three or four years has been fundamentally driven by our investment in innovation, our increased investment in brand building and advertising. That’s been primarily responsible for the acceleration in baselines that you heard us talk about over the last several years. In the current environment with consumers oriented a little bit more of the grocery store that’s just I think a little bit of icing on top of the cake helps our categories a little bit more. What we’re trying to do is use this opportunity for however long it may last that people are trading more in the grocery store to ensure that we’re capturing more than our fair share we’re doing that by having the right offerings from a health and wellness standpoint, from a convenience standpoint. As economic times stabilize or improve maybe we’ll change some buying habits and have people buy more in the grocery store. At the same time we’re working to make sure that we’re in the right Bakeries and Foodservice segments that can drive growth and sustain the kind of margins that we do.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: If we think back to the difficult economic times of ’01 and ’02 and I guess most of ’03. There’s nothing comparable to that or to how that cycled out in ’04 and ’05 that we should be thinking about?
Ken Powell: I don’t think so.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer – UBS.
David Palmer – UBS: Realizing that holistic margin management is more than just cost cutting could you provide some numbers or some direction on the productivity savings that you’re generating this year versus fiscal ’08? Perhaps just a perspective on the productivity pipeline today versus say a year ago.
Ken Powell: When we talk about our holistic margin management as you mentioned it is more than just the productivity side it’s mix as well, it involves our trade, it even really talks about our administrative expenses. What we try to provide guidance on rather than the components of it is what it is going to result in. We’ve given guidance that [inaudible] percent inflation; we’ve given guidance that we are committed to holding on to our gross margins flat. That’s really the result of what we’re doing with the holistic margin management standpoint. That’s what we want to really remain focused on.  That said given the inflation we do expect more savings direct productivity from holistic margin management efforts this year than last year. We have semi-annual meetings with our business units to talk about what is their HMM project and savings pipeline and as we’ve had those meetings over the last number of years the depth of the pipeline and the dollar value of the projects that are being put forward have continued to increase. That’s what gives us the confidence to not only talk about this year in terms of our gross margin but also reaffirm our long term growth model from a margin standpoint.
David Palmer – UBS: A big picture question as you know dinner has been shifting rapidly back home. I was just looking at some data yesterday it now appears that starting just in the last quarter or so that breakfast has stopped moving away from home and may actually be shifting back home very recently. Do you see evidence of that invisible hand perhaps of breakfast starting to shift a little bit, if you take a category perspective of all channels, the breakfast categories such as cereal and yogurt beginning to pick up in terms of volume recently?
Ken Powell: I think you might be one data point ahead of us in what you’re reading about breakfast. As I said earlier generally we are reading and seeing a shift to dinner. Frankly we’re seeing the percentage of consumers who brown bag and bring their own lunch. That’s also going up a little bit. What we are seeing is very healthy growth in the yogurt category and we’re seeing the cereal category as Jeff Harmening outlined in his presentation we’re seeing the cereal category also accelerate. We are seeing both of those categories which cereal obviously is mostly breakfast and yogurt has a big breakfast component. Both of those categories are doing very, very well. That would be consistent with your hypothesis.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: I have a question about how to think about second quarter sales growth for US Retail. The sales growth was so robust, double digit in cereal and then something like 25% in the baked goods. I think the comment was that merchandising will look a lot more robust for cereal in second quarter because it was down 11% last year. Can I take that to mean that you will have another quarter of close to double digit growth in breakfast cereal in second quarter or is there any chance that some of the volume got pulled forward into first. Also on baked goods it’s such a big increase in first how should we think about second quarter and whether anything got pulled forward there.
Ken Powell: To my knowledge we didn’t have any significant shifting into Q1 across any of our businesses. Our success there was driven primarily by good baselines and good brand building as you heard. As for the second quarter we don’t talk in detail about what we think we’re going to do next quarter. I will tell you that we have a lot of confidence in our business model right now and our momentum and we’re anticipating a solid second quarter.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: As far as the merchandising comparison, will your merchandising just look optically whether it would be just a lot more growth in second quarter but it won’t necessarily mean that sales growth is going to be accelerating as well? Is it just going be a comparison issue.
Ken Powell: The only call out that we have on merchandising was we wanted you to be aware of that a weak year ago comparison in cereal when we were preoccupied with Right Size, Right Price. When the merchandising was down quite significantly and we wanted you to be aware of that because as Jeff said we intend to have a very consistent level of merchandising in cereal over the course of the year and that means the second quarter will be up year over year. Looking at our other businesses there are no noteworthy exceptions that we would want to highlight in terms of the merchandising. It should be consistent and appropriate throughout the year.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Are your merchandising price points, the price that you do merchandise are those higher than they were a year go as well?
Ken Powell: Are you talking cereal?
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Cereal.
Jeff Harmening: In cereal the price points are really about the same as they were a year ago. What has improved is the mix of what we’ve done, the quality of our merchandising is much better behind events like that and the mix of brands is better because again as the result of Right Size, Right Price inventory we had and worked through. Our effectiveness is really built on increased efficiency based on the brands and the merchandising mix and our price points are virtually the same as they were a year ago.
Ken Powell: As a general comment our trade costs per case I think as you may remember has been declining a little bit but declines are good over the last couple of years and our focus really is on improving the efficiency of that trade spend sometimes by lifting price points as opposed to dropping them down and by eliminating deals that aren’t efficient. I would say that if anything we’re very, very focused on improving the efficiency of that trade spend so that we can get cost per case down.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Also some list prices are up in your cereal portfolio as well right?
Ken Powell: That’s right. Those are the two ways, the list price increases are obviously a way to get price increases but adjustments in trade strategy and a real focus on trade efficiency is another quite important way to improve net sales.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Roesch – Soleil Securities.
Ed Roesch – Soleil Securities: I want to touch base on snacks, last year that division grew 16%, you had a big contribution from grain snacks which were up I think 40%. Once upon a time that was a tough number to comp against and this year you’re up 14%. Could you break down some of the contributions to this years growth between volume and price and then new versus existing products.
Ken Powell: You correctly identified grain as a powerful driver in that division right now. Our momentum in that division is primarily driven by baseline momentum on our core franchises. The Nature Valley franchise, the crunchy bars, the granola bars you’re familiar with and chewy bars that is a terrific franchise for us well supported. That continues to have good baseline development. On top of that we’ve had a very, very successful launch with Fiber One bars which is now one of the largest products and brands in the category and growing very rapidly. What you’re seeing us do in the first quarter of this year is extend that Fiber One range with a number of new flavors, frankly so we can keep that product on the shelf. We just need to have more visibility at shelf and more variety for consumers. We’ve also launched a new product here in the first quarter, a new new product Chex Bars. As you know Chex is a very good franchise in the snacking area Chex Snack Mix. We do have very good momentum in that division. We have a terrific grain snack franchise and we’re just continuing to build on that momentum with good new products and solid advertising.
Ed Roesch – Soleil Securities: Would you say that new products were a bigger driver this year or last year?
Ken Powell: It’s hard to say, if I had to guess I’d say it will be about the same. The extensions to the Fiber One business that I mentioned to you, the new flavors I think are going to be very highly incremental and will add a lot to that business. We’re very excited about Chex Bars which is a new product. We think we’re going to have this year again a good combination of baseline development on that business and incremental volume from new products. I should also mention, we just launched in the Snack Mix area where are Gardetto’s products and Chex Mix reside we very successfully launched Cheerios Snack Mix last year and now we’re extending that product line with a Honey Nut Cheerios Snack Mix. Those have also been very successful and very incremental. We have new products in places other than the bar area as well and that’s helping us.
Ed Roesch – Soleil Securities: One follow up on this trade in phenomenon. Is there any sense that health and wellness is a little less an emphasis for these incremental dollars is moving in home from out of home? Doesn’t seem the consumer was going to Applebee’s really looking for health and wellness before. Is there anything in the trends maybe where you’re baking products and snacks and Pillsbury USA are seeing a disproportionate benefit from that trade in.
Ken Powell: No, if anything I would say that consumer awareness around health is as strong as it’s ever been. In the research that we do and the consumer insight that we have they would rank health values and health benefits as among the top two or three attributes that they look for in products. I think that’s why for instance the Fiber One bars that we were just discussing. Here’s a product that combines great taste with a very nice health benefit.  It explains why that product was so wildly successful. It explains why zero point soup has been such a great success. These are products that really taste good and they only have 60 calories a serving. We’re finding that there’s high interest in health values and when you get it right, when you combine a health value with great taste that is a really winning combination. We’re spending a lot of work looking for other new products that do that.
Operator: Your last question comes from Alexia Howard - Stanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Stanford Bernstein: A quick question on Bakery and Foodservice just coming back to that, I know it was touch on a couple of times today. It seems as though a number of other package food companies have been really falling on hard times in that sector and obviously the results this quarter for you guys actually bucks the trend. Could you talk a little bit about what’s enabling you to be more successful there particularly on the top line? Is it the Bakeries are doing particularly well and maybe the Foodservice sector is a little weaker, just some color on that would be really helpful?
Don Mulligan: It’s a combination of the efforts we undertake more or less several years to make sure that we are focused on the customer segment for growing products margins that allowed us to reinvest in the business. Part of that certainly is also been the fact that an increasing percentage of our sales are in branded products which again provide that margin, provide that support and get a halo from the investments that we’re making in our retail side of the business as well. Whether its in c-stores, whether its in health service facilities, universities, also through more broader food service channel where we have reinvested a year ago we went from a broker network to an in house sales force across that channel we’re undergoing the same on the c-stores. I think that extra weight in the marketplace has allowed us to gain account, gain distribution where some of our competitive set has been. It’s a combination of all those efforts that have allowed us to maintain a stronger position in most of our peer companies have in that segment.
Alexia Howard - Stanford Bernstein: The joint ventures income or the minority interest income seems to becoming an increasingly large proportion of your earnings growth drivers. Is that mainly because we’re now seeing the benefits of the restructuring program that was put in place in cereal partners worldwide a year and a half or two years ago at this point or are there other factors in there that are really allowing the profits to come through more forcefully in that area.
Ken Powell: There was that significant restructuring in the UK that had an impact on that line for a couple years as you reflect. We’re past that now. We’ve completed that restructuring so that’s a one time factor. I would say clearly in the case of both of these joint ventures CPW and Häagen Dazs Japan both of these are stories of continuous sales growth, continuous improvement in profitability. They’re doing the same things we’re talking about here. They’re very focused on brand building. The cereal category just as an example outside the US [inaudible] it’s still a very low penetration and has huge upside opportunity for General Mills and Nestle. That’s going to be a story of continuing category development, good top line, we’re just starting to look for the HMM opportunities in that business as we extend that program into those businesses. We expect continuous good development of those JVs.
Kris Wenker: Thank you everybody and for those that we didn’t catch up to apologies. Give me a shout afterwards anybody with follow up please give me a call. I appreciate your time today.
Operator: This does conclude the conference call for today.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-06-25 14:45:00) =====
: June 25, 2008 9:00 am ET 
Executives: Kris Wenker – Vice President Investor Relations Ken Powell – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Don Mulligan – Chief Financial Officer Chris O’Leary – Chief Operating Officer International Ian Friendly – Chief Operating Officer US Retail
Analysts: David Palmer – UBS Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan David Driscoll – Citigroup Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets 
Kris Wenker:  Good morning everybody, we’re going to get ourselves started here. I’m Kris Wenker, for those of you that I haven’t had a chance to meet, I’d like to welcome you, everybody here in the room joining us in Chicago as well as the people who are listening in via the webcast. Here with me are General Mills Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ken Powell, our CFO Don Mulligan, Chris O’Leary who’s Chief Operating Officer for the international businesses and Ian Friendly who’s our Chief Operating Officer for US Retail. Before they begin their presentation, I get to do the reminder that our presentation will include forward looking statements. These are based on current estimates and assumptions and as the slide behind me illustrates, there are factors that could cause our future results to be different than our estimates. We issued a press release earlier this morning that contains our fourth quarter and our full year 2008 results. You can find a copy of that press release out on our website if you haven’t yet pulled one. The slides from today’s presentation are also on our website. There are a few slides at the end of the packet that reconcile non-GAAP measures that we’ll be referencing today. And that’s the end of my housekeeping, with that I’ll turn it over to Ken Powell.
Ken Powell:  Well, good morning to one and all. I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning and I’d thank you all very much for your continuing interest in General Mills. I’m very pleased to be here to give you this update on our 2008 performance and as you know we’ll be talking about our plans for continuing our growth in 2009. Fiscal 2008 was a strong year for General Mills, particularly on the top line. Every one of our operating divisions and business segments posted a sales increase for the year and we finished well with net sales in the final quarter up 13%. This sales performance drove fiscal 2008 results to exceed our original targets for the year. Last June in Minneapolis, we outlined 2008 plans calling for a low single digit sales growth, mid single digit growth in segment operating profits and diluted earnings per share in the range of $3.39 to $3.43 per share. Our actual net sales grew 10%. We were able to counter higher than planned input cost inflation and still deliver 6% segment operating profit growth. And earnings per share came in well above target at $3.71 per share. This figure includes non-cash mark to market and tax gains that Don will talk about in more detail in just a minute. Excluding those gains, EPS would be $3.52, up 11% from last year’s results.  This performance met or exceeded the key metrics in our long range growth model. This model isn’t the best we can do in any one year. The model is about the performance we believe we can and should deliver consistently over time. We think this level of compound sales, operating profit and EPS growth combined with a dividend yield of between 2-3% should result in double digit returns to shareholders over a long period of time. We adopted this model at the start of fiscal 2006. And as you can see from this chart, our results over the past three years have tracked at or above our long term growth goals. We also have a goal of delivering our targeted sales and earnings growth while improving our return on invested capital. Here we are targeting an average increase of 50 basis points per year. In 2008, our return on capital excluding the mark to market and tax gains increased by 50 basis points. And over the past three years, our return on capital has improved by 160 basis points. We’re driving this improvement in part through strong discipline and returning cash to shareholders. In fiscal 2008, we returned $2 billion in cash to shareholders through dividends and through share repurchases and over the past three years, these cash returns have exceeded $5 billion. Our total return to shareholders in 2008, combining dividends and stock price appreciation was 4%. This was below our long term target but it was good relative performance in a difficult year for the equity market. And over the past three years, our average annual return to shareholders met our double digit goal. We believe our opportunities to generate continuing growth and increasing returns are excellent. We compete in growing categories that are on trend with consumer demand for healthy, convenient foods. Our brands hold strong and growing market positions in these great categories. And today this is true for General Mills not just in the US but in markets all over the world. We’re going to tell you more this morning about our plans for continuing growth. Here’s our agenda for the morning. We’ll begin with Don who will provide a bit more detail on our 2008 performance and share our key financial targets for 2009. Then Chris O’Leary is going to give you an update on the continuing growth of our international business. Ian will follow him with a review of our growth plans for the US. And then I’ll wrap up with some overall comments on our growth outlook for 2009 and we’ll open the floor to all of you for questions. So with that, Don, over to you.
Don Mulligan:  Thank you Ken and good morning everyone. I’d like to join Ken in thanking you for being with us this morning. We do appreciate your interest in General Mills. And I’ll start off a few specifics on the fourth quarter then I’ll add to Ken’s comments about annual results and discuss our key financial targets for fiscal 2009 and then I’ll move to a discussion of our three operating segments. General Mills ended fiscal 2008 with a very strong fourth quarter. Net sales were $3.5 billion, up 13%, segment operating profit was up 5%, this included a 20% increase in consumer marketing spending as well as our most significant quarterly percentage increase in input costs for the year. Earnings after tax were $185 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.53. These reported earnings include a reduction of our mark to market valuation of certain commodity positions. This reduction was primarily due to key commodity market price declines from the prevailing levels at the end of the previous quarter. Excluding this mark to market impact which was $0.20 per share in the quarter, fourth quarter diluted EPS would have been $0.73, up 18% from the $0.62 we reported a year ago.  Our sales growth for both the quarter and the year reflects positive contributions from volume, price and mix. Volume contributed 3 points of growth in both time periods. Price and mix added 5 points of growth for the year and more in the latest quarter. In addition, foreign exchange gave us two points of growth in both the quarter and the full year. While three of our business segments contributed to the strong top line growth trends, US retail sales were up 9% in the fourth quarter and 7% for the year with good volume contributions in both periods. International continued its strong growth, up 21% for both the fourth quarter and the full year. And bakeries and food service sales grew at double digit rates in 2008. Pricing actions related to higher input costs more than offset moderate volume declines in the quarter and for the year. Our gross margin was up through the first three quarters of the year but we did give some back in the fourth quarter. The first factor was a $111 million reduction in the mark to market valuation during the quarter. Including that impact, gross margin was 29.7%. Excluding the mark to market reduction, our gross margin would have been 33%, still below last year. Most of this decline was in our bakeries and food service segment. For the year, our gross margin declined 40 basis points. Excluding mark to market gains, product recall expenses and $18 million of accelerated depreciation as part of this year’s restructuring activity, our gross margin would have been 35.6%, down 50 basis points from last year. We remain committed to protecting our margins because we believe it’s critical for the long term health of our business. We won’t be able to grow our margin each and every quarter, but we will stay focused on this metric. And that’s because strong gross margins give us the resources to invest in our brands. We’re committed to supporting our brands with strong levels of consumer directed marketing. Our consumer marketing spending was up 13% for fiscal 2008, representing a third straight year of increasing investment. And so over the last four fiscal years, we’ve experienced sustained pressure from rising input costs, including 7% inflation in 2008. We’ve also steadily increased levels of consumer marketing support for our brands.  And still we’ve largely maintained our segment operating profit margin since 2005. Finally, we’ve met our goal of increasing total segment operating profits at a mid single digit rate in each of the past three years. This continuing growth drove profits over the $2.4 billion mark in 2008. Our joint ventures are also making increasing contributions to our overall earnings. Joint ventures contributed after tax earnings of $111 million in 2008. JV results for both this year and last year included items associated with the CPW plant consolidation in the UK. This year, the net impact was a gain of $8 million, last year it was an $8 million expense. Excluding restructuring items from both years, JV earnings were $103 million in fiscal 2008, up 27%. This good growth reflects strong net sales gains, with CPW sales up 23% and Haagen-Dazs JV sales up 16% for the year. And so on the bottom line, we delivered earnings of $3.71 per share this year. Excluding the mark to mark and tax gains, our earnings per share were $3.52, up 11% from the $3.18 we reported last year. That’s our second year of double digit earnings per share growth exceeding our long term growth model.  Let’s shift briefly to the balance sheet. We made significant progress on our core working capital in the quarter. But it did grow slightly faster than sales for the year, largely because of higher inventory values and sales growth acceleration in the fourth quarter. Now despite this higher capital working need, our cash flow from operations exceeded $1.7 billion and nearly matched prior year levels. We simplified our capital structure this year and reduced our level of debt plus minority interests. For 2008, total debt plus minority interests was down more than $100 million to $7.2 billion. And our debt today is more fixed rate and longer tenured than a year ago. As we look forward to fiscal 2009, input cost inflation will remain a significant challenge for us. We expect fiscal 2009 inflation to be higher than recent years. Our estimate for the year is 9%. To remind you, this chart looks at total supply chain inflation, including raw materials, energy, wages and benefits and other expenses. Within the 2009 estimate is $500 million of commodity and energy cost inflation. That compares to $345 million in fiscal 2008. We expect the strongest year over year increase in costs to fall in the early part of 2009. And we’re currently 60% covered on our anticipated commodity and energy needs for fiscal 2009. We have a strong pipeline of cost saving initiatives in place as our first line of defense against this inflation. We’ll also continue to actively manage our mix and lastly, recent prices actions will offset part of this inflation. In total, our plans include a balanced approach to productivity, pricing and mix that we expect will allow us to protect our margins this year. So for fiscal 2009, we expect another year of good earnings growth, consistent with our long term model. We expect continued improvement in return on capital and will certainly maintain our cash discipline. Let me give you some additional detail on each of these objectives. Here’s our overall guidance for fiscal 2009. We expect a mid single digit increase in net sales that’s ahead of our long term model, primarily due to pricing and mix. We’re also targeting a mid single digit increase in segment operating profits that’s in line with our long term model.  Restructuring and associated costs have been running between $30-$40 million per year in each of the last three years and we’re estimating a comparable figure in 2009. We think interest expense will show a low single digit increase next year and we’re using a tax rate estimate of 35%. We expect JV earnings to be comparable to fiscal 2009 results, which remember included the $8 million net gain from the restructuring activity I mentioned earlier. These factors, combined with our planned share repurchases resulted in targeted earnings per share before any impact of mark to market valuation in the range of $3.78 to $3.83 for the year. As Ken said earlier, our goal is to couple good earnings growth with improving return on capital. Our fiscal 2008 return on capital was 12.1% as reported. Excluding mark to market and tax gains, our return on capital would be up 50 basis points to $11.6%. These results are consistent with our target for an average return on capital improvement of 50 basis points per year. For fiscal 2009, we are again targeting 50 basis points of improvement in our underlying return on capital, assuming again no mark to market valuation impact. We invest some of our cash to support high return capital projects for cost savings and growth and to cover essential fixed asset maintenance. In fiscal 2008, our capital investments totaled $522 million or 3.8% of sales. For fiscal 2009, we’re targeting capital expenditures of $550 million. Over a three year period our capital spending should average just under 4% of sales. General Mills has a strong tradition of returning cash to our shareholders through dividends. This Monday we announced a $0.03 increase to our quarterly rate, effective with the August 31 payment. With the new annualized rate, we’ve grown dividends at a 9% compound rate since 2005. We also return cash to our shareholders through share repurchases. Here, our goal is to reduce net shares outstanding by an average of 2% per year. We’ve exceeded this target over the past three years with our average shares outstanding down 9% from 2005. We plan to continue our share repurchase activity in fiscal 2009 with the goal of reducing net shares outstanding by 1%.  That share reduction includes just under 1million shares issued to purchase Humm Foods, makers of Larabar. These are all natural bars made with simple ingredients like unprocessed fruit and nuts. Larabar has a strong presence in the natural channel and it will be a great addition to our Small Planet Foods division. This acquisition reflects our strategy of growing our natural and organic portfolio and is consistent with our interest in pursuing strategic bolt on acquisitions in categories we know well.  Let me summarize what I’ve said about General Mills’ financial performance. In 2008, we delivered strong sales and volume growth. We continued to invest in our brands, creating momentum as we head into our new fiscal year. We increased our segment operating profits by 6% and we exceeded our earnings per share target despite significantly higher input costs. So as we look ahead to 2009, we see excellent prospects for continuing growth in line with our long term model. Next we’d like to talk a bit more about our 2008 results and 2009 growth plans for each of our three operating segments. I’ll cover bakeries and food service and then turn it over to Chris and Ian to talk about International and US Retail. Let’s talk about the bakeries and food service industry first. And the food service industry is clearly challenged by current economic conditions. As we look at the latest economic data, sales growth is slowing for restaurants and the growth that is projected for the near term is primarily driven by pricing. And as we are seeing in our US retail business, there is some evidence of consumers buying more food in supermarkets and eating at home. But we compete in a number of food service channels beyond restaurants and some of these channels are demonstrating good resilience. Although sales in workplace cafeterias are projected to decline in 2008, sales in the lodging, recreation, education and healthcare segments are expected to grow. These channels tend to be less cyclical. They are our focus and represent a good portion of our business. We also have the advantage of levering some of the strongest brands in the industry. Roughly 60% of our business is branded products.  In 2008 sales were up on our key branded products, reflecting both volume gains and pricing. Cereal sales increased 8%, yogurt was up 6% and snack sales rose 4%. Net branded growth plus aggressive pricing to offset inflation in our bakery flour segment drove 11% sales growth in 2008. This represents our third consecutive year of top line growth in bakeries and food service. So despite the challenging environment, we’re targeting another year of top line growth, albeit modest growth for bakeries and food service in 2009. We expect earnings to be flat to 2008 when strong grain merchandising profits contributed significantly to our results. It’s important to remember that despite the current industry challenges, over $500 billion are still spent on food eaten away from home in the US and that figure continues to grow. We believe there’s a good opportunity for our brands in this segment and will continue to focus on our most profitable customers and our branded products offerings as we move forward. And now I’m going to turn you over to Chris O’Leary who will share our plans for delivering continuing growth in our International segment. Chris.
Chris O’Leary:  Thanks Don and good morning everyone. It’s great to be here to review our International results and share the exciting growth prospects ahead for this segment of the business. In fiscal 2008, our combined international businesses generated sales of $3.8 billion. About one-third of those sales represent our proportionate share of international JVs, that’s our cereal partners worldwide, a venture with Nestle and our three Haagen-Dazs JVs in Asia. The remaining $2.6 billion in sales is from our wholly owned businesses outside of the United States. Let’s look at these consolidated businesses first. Our wholly owned international business has achieved good growth these past few years. Since 2005 our combined net sales have increased more than $800 million and have grown at a compound rate of 14% a year. Foreign currency exchange has been a contributing factor but even without that benefit, our growth over this period would still average a very solid 9% per year. In 2008 we had all of our major regions where we compete growing. On a constant currency basis, Canada was up 2%, sales in Europe rose a very strong 10%, sales in the Asia Pacific region grew 15% and sales in Latin America increased 28%. In total, sales are up 12% on a constant currency basis, foreign exchange added 9 points of growth driving reported net sales up 21%. Operating profits grew faster than sales, increasing 25% as we continue to expand margins with favorable product mix and the benefits of increasing scale. Our strong growth in 2008 was a result of many factors but I’d highlight these. First, we achieved strong performance across Europe where we saw strong growth in a majority of our major markets.  Second, our business in Greater China is booming as we expand our Wanchai Ferry and Haagen-Dazs businesses there. In Ferry we reported gains in Canada, led by cereal and grain snacks.  And finally we had strong top line growth in Latin America, particularly Venezuela and Argentina, fueled by volume growth and by pricing. As I look ahead to fiscal 2009, our priorities remain the same. We will drive strong top line growth through innovation and geographic expansion. We will continue to improve our margins. We’ve made good progress but we have plenty of opportunity remaining with growing our margins. And we will keep building our infrastructure to support continuing growth. I want to spend most of my time sharing how we are driving our top line growth. Our plan is focused on three product platforms, super premium ice cream where we compete with Haagen-Dazs, world cuisine where our Old El Paso and Wanchai Ferry brands are making ethnic foods convenient and healthy snaking where Nature Valley granola bars are our leading business. Currently we compete in more than 100 countries, those highlighted in blue on this map. But as you can see that still leaves a lot of room for us to grow. Let’s look at Haagen-Dazs our most developed brand. It represents affordable luxury and is often introduced to consumers in the form of Haagen-Dazs scoop shops before we make it available to the retail trade. Haagen-Dazs is currently in about 60 markets, those that appear in brown on this map. That leaves plenty of expansion opportunity. For example this past year we launched Haagen-Dazs in Brazil, re-launched Haagen-Dazs in Brazil and expanded our presence in Germany and Turkey and in China. Nature Valley granola bars are currently in 54 markets outside the United States, shown in green on this map. In 2008 we invested in a new Nature Valley production line in Spain to support the European rollout and we launched Nature Valley in the United Kingdom where sales have exceeded our expectations. Old El Paso Mexican foods are currently available in about 20 markets outside the United States, those shown here in yellow. For consumers in these markets, Old El Paso is often their introduction to Mexican food and taco night works for families from Stockholm to Melbourne. And though we probably won’t be taking the brand to Mexico anytime soon, you can see there are plenty of other opportunities for us to grow. In 2009 we will continue to expand these three multinational brands.  On Haagen-Dazs, we will increase our consumer spending and work to keep our affordable luxury position relevant and fresh. We continue to open new shops and expand to new markets with new shops planned in Eastern Europe, Turkey and China in 2009. We will also continue to launch innovative new flavors to drive consumers to our shops and to our retail stores. Next year we plan to extend our successful dolce product launch with more flavors, including Mont Blanc, a well know European dessert.  For Old El Paso, the key to success if strong innovation and effective marketing. We have a great new product lineup for 2009. First we’ll bring successful items to new geographies, including our very successful crispy dinner kit. Crispy chicken performed well in Australia and this year we will introduce it in Canada. And second we continue to look for ways to expand the Old El Paso equity. In fiscal 2009 we will test several new items in Europe that bring OEP to a new section of the grocery store. Nature Valley has been a tremendous growth engine for us and we’re just frankly getting started. 2009 will be another year of good growth. First we’ll drive distribution, focusing on Europe and Latin America. Results have been good everywhere we’ve entered so far. And second we will continue to expand our product line.  We’ve only launched the original Nature Valley crunchy bars in most markets, but there’s a whole pipeline of US varieties we can add. We are launching Chewy bars for the first time in 2009 and in short we’re very excited about the growth opportunities in our Nature Valley business. Let me focus briefly on Greater China, which has also been a tremendous source of growth for us in the past few years. China had another great year in 2008. Sales were up 30% to $250 million US dollars. We have a profitable business established in China today and we are working hard to expand it. In 2008 we expanded into new cities, Wanchai Ferry added distribution in ten new cities as we built our presence in second tier cities. We also opened nine new Haagen-Dazs shops in China over the last 12 months. And we also extended our brands with new products. We launched Wanchai Ferry three delicacy series this past year and although our dumpling and wonton business is our key focus, we are also selectively expanding our brand into other frozen dim sum items. For 2009 our plans in China include more of what is working for us, continued product innovation and expanded distribution. On Wanchai Ferry we will introduce exciting new product varieties such as corn flavored dumplings and black sesame [tao yen]. And we will continue to expand distribution, reaching consumers in new cities. On Haagen-Dazs, we will increase our distribution as well, expanding coverage to five new cities and we will add new ways for consumers to buy our products, our Haagen-Dazs product, including ecommerce and gift shops located in shopping malls. We will also introduce new flavors, such as a new rainbow moon cake which is our successful seasonal business that Don spoke to you about this year at CAGNY. For the international segment in total, we plan to continue growing profit faster than sales. This slide shows our margin trend over the last six years. We have made significant progress with our margins, but as you can imagine we’re not down. WE have lots of opportunity remaining and I’m confident we can expand our margins for many reasons. But I’m particularly excited about the opportunity we have with holistic margin management. We have just launched HMM internationally and as you know we’ve been doing it in the US for several years now. And what I can tell you is I like what I’m seeing so far and I think the same benefits that we’ve seen in the US will materialize in overseas markets as well. And you already know that our global brand platforms have good margins. Better, in fact, than our company average. So as we focus and growth these businesses internationally, they help drive overall margin expansion for our international segment. Now at CAGNY a few months ago, Don shared our goals of achieving $350 million in segment operating profits by 2010. We’re well on our way to that goal and I’m confident we will continue to drive strong profitable growth on this business. As we look ahead to 2009, I see a continuation of the trends we have just discussed. We will continue to drive strong top line growth. We will continue to expand our distribution and we will remain focused on improving our margins with holistic margin management, the benefits of scale and pricing actions where needed. Now let me shift for a minute and talk about the other rapidly growing part of our international business and that’s our joint ventures. I said earlier cereal partners worldwide is our 50/50 partnership with Nestle. This venture was established in 1990 to sell breakfast cereal outside the United States and Canada. We currently reach more than 130 markets and as I show you in a minute, CPW has leading market positions in a number of those countries. We also have three Haagen-Dazs joint ventures in Asia, the largest one which is in Japan. Our JVs are increasingly important contributors to General Mills growth. This chart tracks earnings from our continuing JVs since 2005. In the latest year, these joint ventures contributed over $100 million in after tax earnings for us. They are also generating cash for General Mills. This table summarizes cash flow from our JVs over the past three years. The use of cash as you see in 2007 here was our share of the Uncle Tobys acquisition in Australia.  In both 2006 and 2008 however, our JVs generated strong positive cash flow for us. We expect that trend to continue in the years ahead. Let me talk a bit more about CPW as it drives the majority of our JV sales, profits and cash flows. CPW as I said is now in its 18th year of operation and this business continues to generate strong top and bottom line growth. In the most recent three years, net sales have grown 15% a year to exceed $2 billion and that’s on a 100%, so our share of sales is now over $1 billion. This growth is being driven by strong core brands, including those pictures here, Fitnesse, Nesquik, Cheerios, [Chocopie]. Through health news and innovation we have been growing and expanding these brands. The result has been strong share positions in cereal markets around the world. In key established markets, we have a solid number two share of cereal market sales. CPW has been in the United Kingdom, France and Mexico since the early 1990s when the JV was formed. More recently we significantly expanded our market share in Australia with the acquisition of the Uncle Tobys business. CPW also has established a strong presence in many emerging markets. As you can see on this slide, we have been in markets such as Eastern Europe, Russia and the Asian countries for a number of years and had the leading share position in most of these markets. We see great growth opportunities ahead in both established and emerging markets and that’s because cereal per capita consumption is still quite low in many of our markets. And while the United Kingdom and Australia are well developed, similar to that of the United States and Canada, but after that as you can see, per capita levels leave lots of room for us to grow. So the outlook for CPW is very positive. We see continued category growth as per capita consumption expands and we expect to achieve share gains as we invest in product innovation and consumer marketing. And we are targeting earnings growth ahead of sales as productivity and increased scale both drive margin expansion. So as I look at our international opportunities at General Mills, whether wholly owned or JV, I see great growth ahead. We now have an infrastructure across the globe to support this growth. Looking at just our wholly owned businesses, we do business in more than 100 countries. We have more than 12,000 people outside the United States working on these businesses. We are sharing more across geographic borders and leveraging our collective experience and we have manufacturing facilities in more than 20 cities around the world to support our growth. We are also focused on strengthening our systems and our processes and have several improvement projects underway. It’s a strong and profitable foundation for growth and much of that growth still lies ahead for us. International has been the fastest growing segment for General Mills over the last three years and I don’t intend for that to change. We have a strong core business in place, we’ve developed a profitable growth model that has worked for us as we expand into new geographies and I see no shortage of good growth opportunities ahead. With that, I’ll turn it over now to Ian Friendly who will review the growth prospects for our US retail business.
Ian Friendly: Thanks Chris and good morning everybody. It’s my pleasure to give you an update on our US Retail business. In fiscal 08, US Retail net sales cross the $9 billion mark for the first time and we generated sales growth of almost $600 million, roughly half of the company’s total sales increase for the year.  This was a continuation of the top line gains we’ve achieved in recent years. Since 2005 our net sales have increased at a 5% compound rate on a good blend of volume growth, favorable mix and pricing.  Our strong growth in 08 was the result of many factors, but I’d highlight three in particular. First, our Big G cereal business had a very fine year, posting sales growth, margin expansion and increased market share. Second, we had a great year on new products. And third, we did a good job driving balances growth with fast growing food retailers. Let me say a bit more about each of these points. One year ago today, Big G implemented the right sized right priced initiatives. That effort combined a low single digit price increase with reductions in our package sizes and shelf prices to better align them with competitive offerings. Year one results from this initiative were excellent. Big G net sales grew 5%, that’s above our goal of low single digit growth. The number of Big G packages sold increased 6% and so Big G pound volume was within a percentage point of last year’s, despite the smaller package sizes.  Our trade spending for cereal was down on a per case basis and also down in terms of overall dollars. Meanwhile, Big G’s investment in consumer marketing went up 6%. Operating profits for Big G grew faster than sales. That’s including the consumer marketing increases, plus $30 million in onetime costs for the right sized, right priced conversion. And our share of cereal category sales grew slightly for the year in measured channel and grew overall as we delivered strong performance in non-measured outlets. This strength includes 2% growth in base line sales and contributions from many of our core cereal brands. We’re very pleased with this progress from Big G in 2008 which sets a great foundation for continuing growth in 2009. New product success was the second highlight to the year for US retail. Some of you attended our midyear meeting in January where I talked about these metrics we’ve established to improve our new product performance. We measure each new item on the following criteria, its contribution to net sales, the incrementality of those sales, that’s whether the product is bringing in new users to the brand or extending it to new eating occasions. We track a new product’s impact on margin, with a goal of having new items match or exceed their division’s average margin.  We want more items that generate at least $50 million in ongoing net sales and finally we track the annual net sales generated per SKU launched. We adopted these new product metrics in 2006, posted improvements on each measure in 2007 and we made progress again in 2008. In particular, this year’s new products contributed more than 5% of net sales, great performance considering the strong overall sales figure and we estimate that 55% of those sales were incremental to our existing business. The third key to this year’s success was our growth with key customers. In 2008 our sales with traditional grocery customers increased at a mid single digit pace. That’s the best growth we’ve seen with these customers in some time. And our sales to supercenter customers, club stores, drug and discount chains and dollar format stores all grew at double digit rates. Retail sales to the ultimate consumers of our products were also strong in 2008. For the year, we posted gains in nearly all of our major product categories and 6% growth overall in channels where we have data. And our consumer trends strengthened in the latest quarter, with overall retail sales up 10% and stronger demand across the majority of our product lines. We’ve been driving this good sales growth while increasing the efficiency of our trade spending. We reduced our trade promotional dollars per case of product sold in each of the past two years and we lowered it by a mid single digit rate in 2008. That reduction was powered by the right sized, right priced program in Big G. At the same time, we’ve been increasing our investment in advertising and other consumer marketing programs. In 2008 we increased our US consumer marketing spending by 12%. We believe this strong brand support is the key driver of our net sales growth overall, particularly the good growth we are seeing in baseline or non-promoted sales. So as we begin working on 2009, it probably doesn’t surprise you that we’re staying focused on the priorities we set in 2008. First, we plan to generate the resources we need to fund our growth through our holistic margin management efforts. Second, we are focusing on our innovation efforts on our best growth opportunities. And third, we are actively extending our leading brands to new categories, new channels and new usage occasions. Let me say a bit more about each of these 2009 efforts, beginning with margins. Don spoke earlier about the sustained headwinds we faced in recent years from commodity and fuel cost increases. In general, we’ve held our margins fairly steady, despite that inflation. This year we gave up 60 basis points on our operating profit margins. It’s important to note that not all of that was due to input cost pressures. It also reflects the strong levels of brand building investment that I discussed earlier, including a 20% increase in our fourth quarter consumer marketing expense. And remember that this year’s profits were reduced $24 million by product recall expenses. Absent the recall expense, our operating margin would have been 22%, in line with recent years, despite significantly higher input inflation and heavier brand support. Our business plan for 2009 includes HMM projects across our divisions that are expected to generate a record level of cost savings. We have also taken price increases in most of our key categories since the beginning of the calendar year, including recently announced increases in soup and cereal. These price increases will offset a portion of our higher input costs. Together, we expect HMM savings and pricing to offset our supply chain inflation in fiscal 2009 and protect our margins.  Our second key strategy is to focus on our best growth opportunities. This includes keeping our biggest and most profitable established brands vital and growing. That certainly includes Cheerios. In 2008 retail sales for Cheerios varieties in outlets where we have data grew 8%, well ahead of the overall market growth. Sales for Yellow Box Cheerios grew 7%, sales for Honey Nut Cheerios grew 12% and sales for Multigrain Cheerios grew 14%. We also introduced a great new Cheerios variety, Oat Cluster Crunch. For the year, our Cheerios franchise accounted for more than 12% of category sales and recorded a market share increase of 50 basis points.  The next largest franchise in the category has a 5% market share. We see plenty of growth ahead for the Cheerios family and in 2009, we’re focusing in particular on Multigrain. Our Canadian business hit on a consumer message for Multigrain that centered around weight management and the brand took off, adding a half a point to its market share. We borrowed that idea and put a similar ad on air in the US beginning this January. As you can see from this chart, the brand responded here too. So we have a strong full year media campaign planned for Multigrain in 2009.  We’ll also have a good level of new product activity in the cereal aisle this year. This slide shows our first quarter introductions which include a fruit and nut variety of Curves Cereal, new varieties of Cocoa Puffs and Total and two new granola cereals from our Cascadian Farm line of organic products. We’ll have additional new cereal products coming later in the fiscal year.  Let me turn now to yogurt where we got off to a slow start in 2008, but after we turned on our advertising for new Yo-Plus symbiotic yogurt and supported the core business with great marketing, our results have picked up.  Then in January we launched Fiber One yogurt and started communicating that product news. As you can see, our innovation and brand building resulted in a strong second half market share performance, up half a point. In 2009, we will continue to build on the Fiber One and Yo-Plus products we launched last year, while also adding new indulgent flavors to our rapidly growing light line. Let’s move to the soup aisle where we’ve had great innovation driving our business. That’s more than a one year story, it started with Rich and Hearty varieties launched back in fiscal 2004, followed by reduced sodium options. This year we created a light segment in the soup category with zero point soups. Collectively, this innovation has increased Progresso’s share of the ready to serve soup category by 6 points in recent years. In 2008, Progresso Soups generated 34% of category sales. The light soups we introduced last summer are on pace to generate over $100 million in year one retail sales. We’ll build this new light segment in 2009, with four new varieties of zero point soup, including a reduced sodium SKU and three microwave bowls. But, the big news is that we’re introducing five new SKUs of one point soup with meat and just 80 calories per serving. About 75% of soup consumption is centered on varieties that include protein. So this takes our light business into a much bigger part of the soup category. Progresso is also entering the broth segment in 2009 with three all natural varieties in aseptic packages. Broth is a $500 million market segment today with sales growing at a double digit rate. Margins for broth are higher than the average RTS soup margin and we think the Progresso brand is a great fit in this segment of the category. Innovation has been driving strong growth in our grain snacks business too. Over the past two years, we’ve increased our share by 5.5 points to 27% of sales in this $1.6 billion category. In 2009, we’re adding new flavor varieties to our Fiber One and Curves bar lines and we’re introducing a new line of grain snacks called Chex Mix bars in indulgent flavors like turtle and chocolate chunk. This new line is an example of our third focus strategy which is to extend iconic brands like Chex into new categories or usage occasions. We took Cheerios into the snack aisle in 2008 and our first flavor of Cheerios snack mix is on pace to exceed $20 million in year one retail sales. This month, we began shipping a new Honey Nut variety.  We’ve been extending our Fiber One brand with great success. The first stage was to expand the Fiber One cereal line with additional varieties. In 2008, retail sales for Fiber One cereal surpassed $75 million, making it one of the top selling high fiber brands on the market. We took Fiber One to the grain snacks category and Fiber One bars were a smash success, with 2008 retail sales of $110 million in just the channels where we have data. And as I mentioned earlier, we launched Fiber One yogurt in January. It’s off to a great start and will contribute incremental sales for Yoplait through the first half of fiscal 2009. In 2009, we’ll take Fiber One to yet another new category, toaster pastries. It might surprise you that more than 40% of toaster pastry consumption is by adults. And nearly half of that is in households without kids. We think adults need a better toaster pastry and Fiber One delivers with 16 grams of wholegrain per serving and 5 grams of fiber. Plus, they taste great. I hope some of you tried them this morning at breakfast. In total, we’ll be introducing more than 60 new products across our US Retail division in the first half of 2009. Retailer response to our product lineup has been very positive and we’re excited to get these products out there and start marketing them to consumers. In summary, I think we’re positioned for another year of good growth in 2009. We like our lineup of product news and innovations, we’re targeting mid single digit growth in net sales. We’ll protect our margins with record levels of HMM cost savings and selected price increases. We also expect the healthy growth of our categories to provide a tailwind again in 2009. For more on the strength of our categories, I’ll turn you back over to Ken. 
Ken Powell:  Thank you Ian. So we’ve now heard Ian, Chris and Don share details of our growth plans for 2009 and I’d like to conclude our presentation today with a summary of the key factors that we see driving our continuing growth. First and foremost, the categories where we compete are a strategic advantage for General Mills. Consumers around the world today want foods that taste great, are quick and easy to make and offer health and wellness benefits whenever possible.  Our major food categories are a great fit with these consumer trends and demands. Because these categories are on trend, they’re growing. In the most recent quarter, consumer takeaway for our major categories in US retail grew 5% overall, including gains of 12% for the yogurt category, 7% for frozen vegetables, 6% for frozen hot snacks. These growth rates are in Nielson measured outlets. Growth including non-measured channels would be even faster. Prices are rising in virtually every food category in the store due to increasing ingredient and energy cost and that’s part of this growth story. But the good sales trends in our categories also reflect the fact that these products are staples in most households. This chart shows the US household penetration for products ranging from ready to eat cereal to grain snacks. As you can see, two-thirds or more of all US households shop each of these categories for their families. Our brands hold leading positions in these attractive food categories. In the US our brands are either number one, or a strong number two in 12 major retail categories across shelf stable, refrigerated and frozen formats. And in 2008, we grew our composite share in these US markets. And as you heard during Chris O’Leary’s presentation, we are growing our sales and share of these categories in international markets as well. We’re excited about these growing share positions outside the US where brand strength is just as meaningful to our retail customers as it is in the US. With rising food prices, I know many of you are comparing trends for branded foods and private label offerings. For our 2008 fiscal year, private label share across our 12 major US product categories averaged 13% and it grew one-tenth of a share point. Our brands grew their composite share by 30 basis points last year to nearly 31%. In the most recent quarter, private label share performance did accelerate a little bit. Composite share for private label in our key categories averaged that same 13% and grew three-tenths of a point for the quarter. However, our composite share grew faster. We were up nine-tenths of a share point during that same period of time. I think that reflects the fact that even with the price increases we’ve taken to partially offset higher input costs, our brands remain high quality, very affordable choices for families. That’s true when you consider the price per unit or the price per serving as shown for a selection of our products on this slide. Because fuel and commodity cost inflation is continuing, we may need to take further pricing actions in our portfolio. But our ongoing focus is on holistic margin management as the first line of defense for our margins and that approach should continue to help us keep pricing moderate. More broadly speaking, we think that our company-wide focus on holistic margin management is the key to our good business momentum. Besides offsetting higher input costs and protecting margins, our HMM savings generate the resources we need for consumer marketing, which reinforces and builds brand equity. That in turn drives growth of the top line which gets more dollars flowing to the bottom line and points us to new areas for holistic margin management. Our balanced approach of cost savings, brand building and moderate pricing actions is working for us. It’s our game and we’re sticking to it. In our presentation this morning, we’ve addressed our five key operating growth drivers: first, supporting our brands with strong levels of consumer marketing; second, winning with key customers across multiple channels; third, driving growth for our brands in international markets; fourth, innovating on new and on our established brands; and fifth, expanding our margins over time. Now our business plans for 2009 include a solid lineup of new products and marketing initiatives. In total we’ll introduce more than 300 new products around the world this year and we’ll be expanding our brands to new categories, like you’ve seen with Fiber One and new international markets like you’ve seen with Nature Valley. And we have a talented and experienced team to lead our businesses forward. This slide shows the ten senior leaders that report directly o me. On average, they have 19 years of experience with General Mills and 24 years of experience in our industry. And when you look at our business division presidents and key functional leaders, the picture is very much the same. This group of leaders averages just 47 years old but they have deep knowledge of our brands and the market categories where we compete. And I would say very strongly, it’s the collective talent of General Mills people company-wide that is our greatest competitive advantage. Let me wrap up our prepared remarks today with a quick summary of today’s General Mills update. Fiscal 2008 was a strong year for the company with results that exceeded our expectations. Our business momentum is broad based with growing sales and profits across all three operating segments. We have solid growth plans for 2009, with a promising lineup of new products and marketing initiatives behind established brands. In short, we think our prospects for delivering continued good growth and increasing returns are excellent in 2009 and beyond. So I’d be happy now to join Don, Chris and Ian in answering questions that you might have. Kris, we’ll bring you a microphone so that you can be heard clearly by our webcast listeners. 
David Palmer – UBS:  You said in the pricing actions that have happened, they were soup and something else where you.
Ken Powell:  Ready to eat cereal and soup which we’ve taken just very recently.
David Palmer – UBS:  Could you give additional detail about the magnitude of those at all?
Ken Powell:  Well what I can tell you is that on cereal it was the price increases across most of the line and is in the low single digit range and we took that increase, I think we announced it within the last week or two weeks. And soup was also within the last few weeks and also low single digits. So those have been announced and are out there.
[Unknown Analyst – Unknown Firm]:  On the uses of cash, it seemed as though the share repurchases are slowing down a bit in fiscal 09 versus where they’ve been historically and capital expenditure is obviously going up slightly higher, could you talk a little bit about how you think about the uses of cash going forward and particularly acquisitions as well.
Don Mulligan:  As we think about our cash use, we generated this year $1.7 billion in operating cash comparable to what we did last year, the first order of business is to reinvest back in the business. We expect our capital expenditure to average over, you know any multiyear period, just a little under 4% of sales. It was 3.8% in F08.  It will go up with our mid single digit growth in sales next year, it will stay in that same 3.8-3.9% range. In terms of the increases for next year, we have some more capacity coming online for some of the growth that we’ve seen in grain snacks and in soup. So we’re putting money behind that. We also have a bit more money behind our HMM initiatives. And that’s what’s driving that.  You will also notice that our capital spending for this year at $522 million was lower than what we had been expecting for the year. And that’s really a factor of it was much of our activity was later in the year and that reflects the cash that went out the door. Most of our activity still went on as planned. So many of the bills if you will will come due in F09. So some of that is a bit of shift between the years as well.  So the first order of business is a little under 4% of sales on cap ex. Then we have dividends that we expect to growth with earnings as we have, 9% annually over the last couple of years. And we continue to expect to grow that with earnings and that’s in the $500 million plus range annually. And then the balance will go to share repurchases. And you know smaller bolt-on acquisitions like we with Larabar this year and Uncle Tobys a couple years back.  If you look at the share repurchases for F09, what we’ve indicated the 1% decline, it really is a bit of a rolling over last year. Last year we heavied up our buying in the first quarter of the year because we knew we were issuing shares with the Lehman forward contract in October. So it’s a little bit of rolling that over. So if you think about phasing for our share off take this year, there will be less, in matter of fact it may be a slight increase in share count early in the year, but then a more normalized 2% decline in the back half to average about that 1%. So you’ll see a little bit of a phasing difference. It’s really the anomaly of last year that we’re rolling over than anything else when you look at the F09 share count reduction.
[Unknown Analyst – Unknown Firm]: Can I just sneak in a quick international question? Phenomenal growth this year, particularly in Latin America. How do you think about how sustainable that is, particularly around pricing? Obviously wages are going up over there, pricing has been a big feature of growth over the last year or two, is that really sustainable over time and do you see this kind of growth rate continuing across the international business going forward?
Chris O’Leary:  We have seen tremendous growth. You know we have such an opportunity to grow outside the United States. And maybe it will change where it exactly comes from and what the mix is between volume and pricing mix and so forth. But I don’t see it slowing down. I think we can grow at the rates we’ve been growing at for some time.  And the beauty of our growth plan is we’re growing in both established markets, the fact that Europe is delivering the kind of growth we’ve got. China is continuing to look good as is Latin America and we’re just getting started in other Asian countries and India and markets such as that. So our plan is to keep it going. It’s never easy but it’s fun, that I can tell you.
[Unknown Analyst – Unknown Firm]: Regarding the gross margin, if you look at the fourth quarter and it being down, excluding those mark to market gains, with the stronger level of price and mix realization coming through I was surprised about it being down that degree. So I guess I’m looking more forward to 09 and how we should think about the gross margin. I know you’re trying to protect it with your margin management program and pricing, what’s the way to look at that for 09?
Don Mulligan:  Let me address quarter four first. As we signaled at the end of our Q3, we had some historically high grain merchandising profits come through. And grain merchandising to refresh everybody is the vertical integration that we have in our milling around oats and wheats which is really the heritage of the company going back 130-140 years. Because of the run up in wheat costs in the third quarter in January and February, we had some outsized gains which we knew when we reported our Q3 results were going to reverse in the fourth quarter because the wheat market had already come off some at that point. That was the largest contributor, outside of the mark to market reduction, that was the largest contributor in the fourth quarter. And that is primarily in our bakeries and food service division. That’s why most as I said, most of the decline in the, the vast majority of the decline in the gross margin in the fourth quarter was in bakeries and food service. As we look to 09, we think that portion will normalize. Which means we’ll, in bakeries and food service, we’ll earn a little less in 08 than we did in 09, but a more normalized level from a total company standpoint as we look at inflation, cost savings, mix and pricing.  As we said, we are targeting to protect our gross margins and give us the opportunity to reinvest in the brands at the same kind of above sales growth levels that we have over the past couple of years. So our clear goal for 09 is to protect our gross margin percentage and grow that with our sales level.
[Unknown Analyst – Unknown Firm]: The extra week in 2009, should we think about that being mostly reinvested back into marketing sort of across the year and then Q4 shows all the benefits from that extra week? Is that the way to look at it?
Don Mulligan:  That’s right. As we’ve said before, we plan to, we do have an extra week this year and we are planning to reinvest that margin in brand expansion.
[Unknown Analyst – Unknown Firm]:  First can you explain the policy and the adoption of the mark to market, it doesn’t seem like other companies in the industry that are more packaged food oriented have adopted this or have nearly the volatility. So why is it that you’re so different?
Don Mulligan:  Our adoption started with F08 and it really went down to the administrative cost of applying FAS 133 or the hedge accounting which became burdensome for the really non-economic benefit of it. It protects if you will the volatility of our P&L but it doesn’t really add any economic value to the accounting of FAS 133.  So we decided to move away from it and the markets also became much more volatile which meant some of the correlations in our categories became more difficult to prove which is what drove the administrative cost side.  Now what drives that, it’s really four factors, it’s how far out you cover, it’s what kind of pricing you get on that coverage and it’s the vehicles you use and it’s the market price at any point in time.  I can’t speak to others’ accounting, but it could well be that their practices are different. They may not have as much coverage, they may not have the same kind of pricing verse the market that we have and they certainly don’t use as much of the derivative coverage that we use which is what drives it.  If you have fixed price contracts, you’re not going to have or physical inventory, you’re not going to have the mark to market, it’s when you have the futures contracts and the options in place. And we’ve used those because we’ve found them to be very effective in terms of helping us mitigate the cost.  They’ve been very effective in terms of helping us lower cost of taking those positions who don’t have to actually take the physical inventory. And even if you have a fixed price contract with a counter party, there is a risk premium that’s applied to that pricing that’s not imbedded in the options that we take. So we found it to be much more cost effective. And we’ve been using them for years, so they’ve always been part of our way of doing business. The accounting reflection is different, the P&L accounting reflection is different.
[Unknown Analyst – Unknown Firm]: So if, let’s say, the expectations of continued volatility and inflation are wrong, do you then have the option to go back to a non-mark to market accounting? Or is it kind of like a LIFO, FIFO thing, where it’s a onetime deal and that’s it and then you have to live with it?
Don Mulligan:  No, if the circumstances change, we could decide to change the treatment for it. But we don’t see that, the administrative costs as we’ve looked at them are not going to recede materially, even if the volatility of the market may recede and it really depends on what instruments you’re using.  It’s not just the volatility, that’s a component of it but it’s also the instruments you’re using to do the hedging and it requires both on our accounting staff and on our buyers staff to maintain a lot of records and do a lot of correlations but again it’s not value added from an economic standpoint but is needed to apply the accounting. So we could go back to it, we’ don’t have any intention of going back to it at this point.
[Unknown Analyst – Unknown Firm]: So you’re saving money on the admin side but asking us to look through the volatility of adopting this process and we’re helping you do that by delineating out exactly what those mark to market gains and reversals are? Okay. Different question to Ken, one is, ten direct reports, that seems like a lot relative to your peers, do you see a need to change that or is that a good number? Because that seems like a lot of information flow directly into you.  And then second, I think unrelated but a lot of companies in the industry are more focused on gross profit dollars at this point yet you seem to be kind of emphasizing, no, we’re gross margin percentage. Why do you think that you’re different in that way?
Ken Powell:  Well, in terms of the number of reports, no, it feels like, it’s a very comfortable number. Three of those reports have, three reports who have the line operating responsibility for the company so Ian has all of US Retail and he has six or seven division presidents reporting into him. Chris has all of the International, including our JVs and he has a number of reports.  And so between those two gentlemen, you have the bulk of the operations of General Mills. And then Jeff Rotsch who’s not here today but who is the head of our global worldwide sales organization has the sales team and the food service division. So that’s all, I think very well concentrated.  And then the rest of my direct reports are, I think the ones that you would expect, Don, the CFO, General Counsel, Public Affairs, HR, sure I’ve left something out. But I mean it’s those very traditional functions. And so it doesn’t feel at all burdensome to me and with that concentration of the operating side in three individuals, I think that’s very manageable.  Your question on concentration on margin, I mean we’ve just found that that margin piece is something that we can drive visibility to very deeply in the company across all divisions and across all business segments.  And that’s the piece that really allows us to bring into the focus the supply chain contribution, the marketing contribution, the top line contribution. I mean that’s the measure we think that gives us the best focus across all those different functions and what we’re finding is that focus on gross margin is doing a number of things for us. It’s generating the fuel that we need, helping us to generate the fuel that we need to drive top line.  And of course, if we’re driving and protecting margin, that of course translates into a very healthy bottom line. So it’s just the metric for us that we think that gives us the best visibility and aligns everybody best behind what we’re trying to do as a company around productivity.
Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers: You talked a lot about the HMM and it’s giving you a lot of firepower which is a good thing. I’m curious if you look across your categories and you think about, I guess the question is, do you think General Mills is keeping pace when we look at net price realization, so the combination of rate increases as well as discounting and such.  So do you think General Mills is keeping pace with net price realization on average across your key categories with where the category’s net price realization is? Because on one hand one could look at HMM and say that’s giving you a real competitive advantage, on the other hand one could say you’re also leaving money on the table if you will in an environment where maybe it makes sense to get it while you can.
Ken Powell:  I think that HMM does we think give us a competitive advantage. And we have many, many people across the company involved in that initiative. We have thousands of HMM initiatives, we have very good visibility as you know, two to three years ahead on the kinds of productivity that we’re expecting to come. And it really is sort of the main stay of our approach to this inflationary period.  Now of course we have to price on top of that over the last couple of years in order to protect margins and we’ve done that. But certainly the HMM activity and I think our pricing has generally been in line with what we’ve seen across the categories, but the HMM activity I think gives us a certain amount of flexibility that we think is very beneficial.  And these, our brands are they’re big powerhouse mass market consumer brands and we want to keep them as affordable as we can and we’re very aware, as we’ve said in the past of the quality of private label out there and we want to, we’re aware of that choice the consumers are making. So this HMM focus and the productivity that we’re generating I think allows us to keep it all in balance.  And balance pricing and our desire for volume growth and our desire to have the fuel to put into increased brand building, it all plays out I think in a very good way for us. But I think the bottom line is that our pricing I think is certainly sort of within the brackets of the category.
Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers: In US Retail in the third quarter I remember the skew in terms of volume versus pricing, was skewed quite a bit more towards volume and I think there were a lot of questions on that at the time and a lot of that was explained around some of the heavier products, seasonally and what have you.  And I think we did see a little bit more of a skew back towards a better balance between pricing and volume. But maybe if you could address that if you’re seeing that go the way you want it to and how we think that’ll play out next year?
Ian Friendly:  That’s quite accurate Andrew. I would say as we think about how the next few years play out, it won’t be too dissimilar but on balance I think we’ll get a little bit more out of both mix and pricing and a little bit less out of pound volume increases particularly in this high inflation year.
Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan:  For Don, given the way the grain markets have behaved, I was hoping you could give us a little bit more color now on the size of the grain merchandising operation, perhaps expressed as a portion of overall divisional sales and profits.
Don Mulligan:  We’re not prepared to break out that piece but what I would tell you is that if we look at the F08 performance of bakeries and food service, that the underlying business ex the grain merchandising sustained its profitability from a year ago, its profits from a year ago and the incremental growth came from the profits we earned in grain merchandising.  We expect that to more normalize next year and while we’re saying that our expectation this year that the earnings will be flat in F09 versus F08, it really is a combination of that less from grain merchandising and more from our core business. And so we will see the reversal of that trend in F09. But we’re not prepared to start breaking out the grain merchandising piece of that business.
Terry Bivens – J.P. Morgan:  For Ian, as you know many of us are keenly interested in what you do with Progresso for a variety of reasons. And it looks like you’ve once again have a pretty impressive new product slate as we go into the fall. What I was hoping to get is an indication of how this has been greeted by the retail trade in terms of what kind of shelf space you’re seeing, what kind of out of aisle opportunities perhaps you might do with the new broth line. Just a general question on how is this being received and prospects for that line.
Ian Friendly:  I think our retail customers have been quite delighted by the growth that they’ve seen in the light line in particular I think really hit the bell with not just consumers but also the retailers. So they’ve been very supportive of our initiatives. I will say that generally speaking the impact on shelf space tends to lag the impact on market share, but it does occur, but there is a lag effect, so that our market share has grown faster than our share of shelf. But steadily we improve our share of shelf as well.  As it relates to outside the aisle opportunities, we’ve been getting very effective merchandising from our customers. Again they’re particularly excited when you bring great innovation to the marketplace and bring in new users and bring in category growth. And so we’ve enjoyed very strong support by our retail customers.
David Driscoll – Citigroup: On restaurant side, you gave some charts in there, I think it was dollar sales and your expectations on different food service channels and restaurant channels. But I’d like to talk about volumes here specifically on that side. Right now what’s the best insight that you can give us in terms of volumes, traffic trends, however you’d like to put it at the restaurant side?
Ian Friendly:  They’re down a little bit. The traffic counts, volume is down maybe 1-2%. So down. Not down a lot but down and in contrast to two or three years ago we might have seen traffic growing at 1-2% a year. So it is down. And that is I think clearly a reflection of the economic environment.  And we think what’s happening, the signals are is that fewer people, a little bit fewer people are going into restaurants, a few of those people are, more of those people are going into grocery stores. And that trade down we think is very much apparent to us now.  We see it that restaurant data, we see it in what’s happening in, you know what’s happening at Wal-Mart, I think Kroger announced their results in the last couple of days ahead of expectations, their same store sales were up by 6%. They talked about good customer counts. So I think there are signals out there that there’s a little bit of a shift away from food away from home and to the grocery store.
David Driscoll – Citigroup: Critically, do you see the negative trends in restaurants accelerating?
Ian Friendly:  Well it’s very hard to say. I mean we saw, we had a similar sort of recessionary period if you will post 9/11 and which was a cataclysmic event and the economy softened. So we saw food away from home drop off by I think similar amounts, 2-4% declines in count.  It may decelerate a bit but I personally think that food away from home at $0.5 billion is very deeply ingrained and entrenched behavior in the US economy and I think that it will hold up in its own way. But right now it’s a little soft and the grocers are benefiting from that.
David Driscoll – Citigroup: Can I then get you guys to reconcile Ian’s comment a moment ago about price, mix and volume and the fact that you’re looking for a little less volume I think is what you just said Ian, but given what seems to be a worsening trend on the restaurant side, theoretically pushing volumes back to the grocery store, it doesn’t seem intuitive to me your comment.
Ian Friendly:  Well I think that’s a fair push back actually. I will tell you that the reason we expect a little bit less is based on all our elasticity models and various things we’ve worked over years as we’ve been taking pricing, we expect that to have some impact on volume off take. The thing that may surprise us which is I think is an upside is the macro trend of movement towards eating at home if it’s in a large degree may counter more greatly than we’ve modeled the micro trend of the elasticity of our pricing.  And that remains to be seen, but we’ve approached our planning for the year on probably a more conservative basis where we expect to, and this is on balance, but we expect on balance to achieve terrific sales results but do it with a little bit more mix, a little bit more pricing and a little bit less volume. It may play out differently for the reasons you just stated.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Can you remind us a little bit about compensation and what are the metrics that you use? I believe its profit growth but there’s also a market share component to it. The reason I mention market share is that I also remember a couple of years ago I think Steve Sanger kind of dismissed market share in breakfast cereals because it was so hard to measure. So to what extent is compensation at General Mills driven by profit growth, sales growth and market share?
Ken Powell:  Corporately we, going back a few years, we had a number of measures that were sort of incorporated into our overall assessment of the corporate rating and incentive rating. Three years ago we simplified that and today we’re evaluated on net sales growth, operating profit, earnings per share growth and return on capital growth. So four measures equally weighted, very highly focused, it’s very clear.  And those measures were selected as we looked across our industry and our peer set and said look these are the measures that are most closely correlated with total shareholder return. And so we think it’s been very beneficial to simplify and focus that corporate incentive grid as we call it. Now as you go down deeper into the organization, the incentive grid is equally simplified because we found that getting people focused on a few things is very, very good, but can vary and has additional components.  And so in all of our retail divisions, all of Ian’s retail divisions, market share is a key component of their performance as well, along with earnings. And so as you get down to that level where they’re driving the net sales and they’ve got the category accountability, we very much have share as a measure.
Don Mulligan:  I just want to build on that, Ken what we’re doing in upcoming years with our operating division is we’re, in the component that’s market share based is where we are discretely treating measured channels and then looking at growth rates since we don’t get share data in the unmeasured channels but we can guesstimate what kind of growth rate is required to get share gains.  And so they have in their divisional objective both a share component for measured channels and a growth rate that is tied to share conceptually in the unmeasured channel.
Ken Powell:  And I will tell you that our, as you would expect, our Board is very, very focused on our four corporate measures of course. They’re also very highly focused on divisional performance against those market share objectives. So I think there’s very strong alignment and focus inside the company on market share.
Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch:  For Don and Chris with respect to the JV income and cash flow. Clearly the JV line on the P&L is becoming or has become a much larger contributor to earnings. In terms of your guidance for fiscal 09, you’re looking for it to be about flat year on year. Even when you adjust for the, I think it was an $8 million gain in fiscal 08, it seems to imply some slowdown in profit growth from your joint ventures. Could you explain what’s behind that?
Don Mulligan:  We intend on CPW we are, we’re not planning on a slowdown in earnings growth coming out of CPW. Our Haagen-Dazs Japan we’re coming off of a very strong year, so that’s slightly less growth, although positive. So we’re anticipating a continuation of the momentum in both of those units which are the majority of the JV line. Then there’s two other very small Haagen-Dazs JVs.
Chris O’Leary:  Also the other is that obviously in our plan for next year, little to no FX benefit, just like in our International wholly owned business we’ve seen in our JV business as well.
Don Mulligan:  On the cash piece, that’s an important concept to get across because with CPW, we and Nestle have a policy that we remit out as dividends all of the earnings that we can, all of the remittable earnings. And we have the same with our partner in the Haagen-Dazs Japan JV as well.  So we see a steady stream of dividends. You saw a little bit of movement year to year and that primarily related to the fact that in F07 as we were undertaking the restructuring in the UK, there were some funds that were needed. So we limited the dividend that paid out rather than have a dividend and put the capital back in, we just limited the dividend for the year and then we started catching up with that this year. And then we also advanced some money to the JVs via intercompany loans rather than capital infusions and those loans we’ve been able to get back out. Again the biggest item in F08 was that we had a property sale as we were finishing up the restructuring in the UK, we had a gain on a property sale that was the $8 million gain. All the cash that was associated with that also came back to us as well. But I think probably the most important line on the chart that Chris showed was that dividend stream and our policy on both our large JVs is to dividend back to the parents all the remittable earnings so that we don’t build up cash in the JVs.
Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch: My question was going to go to, it seems like the growth in that dividend line, I realize there are reasons for the volatility in some of the others lines and even the dividend line in fiscal 07, but the growth from fiscal 06 to fiscal 08 period, from $77million to $83 million was clearly below the rate of ongoing JV earnings that you have in the line below. How do you see that unfolding over the next several years?  Should we expect growth in cash flow or dividends from JVs to be more in line with the growth in earnings from the JVs?
Don Mulligan:  I think it will be more in line with earnings and maybe a little bit ahead of earnings. It also is a country by country, so you can’t look at it as a total JV, so if we have countries where we’re investing, we have losses and may not be able to pull cash out, other markets where we have profits we’re able to pull cash out more readily, we have the earnings. It also depends on what the cumulative state of play is at any given country and what your remittable earnings are.  But over time as the amount of core markets or established markets within CPW gets greater and greater weight, you’re going to see a more close alignment between our dividends and our earnings. So over time those numbers should move in sync, with again the dividends probably increasing a little bit faster in the near term than the earnings. 
Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch: In terms of the overall top line contribution, I think Andrew touched upon the shift back to being more price mix weighted than volume weighted as it was in the previous quarters, could you sort of talk about the components between price and mix, how much of this was with price versus trade spending reductions versus other forms of taking price like you did in Big G versus mix improvement for the year and for the quarter?
Ken Powell:  For the year, obviously we had all those with right sized, right priced being effectively a price increase realized very early in the year with no change, actually a reduction in some prices but effectively a price increase. And that I think for the fiscal year kind of skewed a lot of the data given the size and scale of the cereal in our data.  I would answer your question maybe more generally that it is fairly well balanced I would say between list price and or reduction in the level of discounting through the trade expense line. And also I would say we were realizing roughly similar amounts between mix and between pricing in that bucket. Going forward we’ll continue to use whatever makes the most sense in each category and it really is a category by category decision and some categories it will be, well this year we’ve announced pretty much list pricing across the board, so there’s definitely more list pricing that’s had to go on. But in some categories we rely even more on a reduction in discounting or trade expense if they’re heavily traded categories and we see that opportunity. And we don’t have anything of the scale of right sized right priced in terms of using package configuration changes in this upcoming here.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Chris if I look at your international growth outlook for fiscal 10, it looks like it’s only another 10% or so up from fiscal 08 on a compounded annual growth rate. I’d expect as General Mills leverages its infrastructure, that growth rate would actually continue to accelerate almost like what we saw this year. What would it take for you to revise your fiscal 10 international growth rate higher?
Chris O’Leary:  What I would say is we have outpaced the last few years so it is making the 2010 goal infinitely more achievable. And I would say that I’ll look to Don and others on when we need to change our external guidance. But we are planning to moving forward grow at the same type of rates that we’ve been achieving historically. The reason why the 2010 goal looks achievable or easy, whatever it is is because we’ve outperformed the last couple of years and we have yet to revise that guidance.
Ken Powell:  You might make that comment generally about the total company performance and how that’s looking relative to those five year goals that we set out a few years ago and we’ve outperformed the last several years and are getting close to that 2010 goal.  So as we go into our long range planning process here at the end of the summer and in the fall, that will be a great time for us to reevaluate and have a fresh look at those goals and we’ll see where we come out. But clearly we’ve outperformed them over the last couple years across the company.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: You discussed this iconic brands, taking them to new categories, which brands would you expect to have even more category expansion, which categories would you expect to even go another [length] into, for example you’re taking Fiber One into the toaster pastries. So is that some of that could go even more global. What are views on some iconic brands that you have that can go into other categories?
Ken Powell:  We wouldn’t want to talk about specifics because we never really talk about what our new product plans might be. But the fact is is that we have a lot of big iconic brands that we’re demonstrating I think through our actions over the past several years that our brands, many of them are very extendable into different categories.  And so it’s a strategy that has worked for us, it has worked very well with Fiber One, it’s worked very well with some of our cereal brands which have gone into different snacking formats. So that’s a strategy that works.  You guys, you could go down and list yourself some other really big brands that we have that are appealing to consumers and imagine how those might stretch and we’re doing that same exercise with a great deal of discipline, lots of people looking at it and working on it and we just think that that will be something that we’ll continue to do going forward.
Ian Friendly:  The only generality I’d make with all of that is when a brand is particularly well positioned it makes it highly, in an odd way, it makes it highly extendable, Fiber One being a great example where it really stands for such great taste you can hardly believe there’s fiber in it. You can bring that fiber benefit and that taste benefit to almost a limitless amount of categories and indeed that’s being expanded rapidly.  But you can go through our list of equities from Yoplait to Green Giant to the culinary nature of Progresso to the entire list and I don’t think it’s too hard to envision ways that some of these great brand names that are trusted and known in specific categories, their ability to broaden their shoulders and carry equity to new areas is really how we go about it.
Kris Wenker: Ken do you want to say goodbye to the webcast listeners and wrap this up?
Ken Powell:  Yes, goodbye to the webcast listeners, thank you for joining us this morning. Thanks again to all of you for your attendance this morning, for your interest in General Mills. We greatly appreciate you being here and thanks to all of you. Good morning.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-03-19 11:45:00) =====
: March 19, 2008 8:30 am ET 
Executives: Kris Wenker – VP IR Don Mulligan – CFO Ken Powell –CEO
Analysts: Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus & Company Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Capital Markets Terry Bivens – Bear Stearns  Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets Todd Duvick – Banc of America Securities Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Securities David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by, welcome to the General Mills third quarter fiscal 2008 results. (Operator instructions). I would like now to turn the conference over to Kris Wenker, Vice President Investor Relations, please go ahead ma’am.
Kris Wenker:  Thanks operator. Good morning everybody, we appreciate your interest in GIS today. I’m here with Ken Powell our CEO and Don Mulligan our CFO. I’ll turn you over to them in a minute. First I need to cover my usual housekeeping item. The press release on third quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It’s also posted on our website, if you still need a copy.  On the website you’ll find posted slides that supplement the prepared remarks we’re making this morning. This conference call will include forward looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and the second slide in today’s pitch lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates. So with that I’ll turn you over to Don.
Don Mulligan:  Thanks Kris and thanks to all of you who’ve joined us this morning. As you see from the results we’ve released today, General Mills had an excellent third quarter. Slide 4 summarizes our results. Net sales grew 12% to $3.4 billion. Segment operating profit grew 14%, earnings after taxes were up 61% and earnings per share were up 66% to $1.23. This strong growth was driven by volume and net sales increases across our businesses. We also benefited from certain non cash items as shown on slide 5. First, we received a favorable ruling on a tax case for which we had previously established a reserve.  Reversing that contingency reduced our book income tax expense by $30 million or $0.09 per share. Second, valuing our current commodity positions at market prices resulted in a non cash gain of $151 million pretax or $0.27 per share. This net mark to market gain relates to hedges of open commodity positions as well as our grain inventories. Excluding these non cash items, earnings per share would have totaled $0.87, up 18% from last year. The key driver of that 18% EPS growth in the quarter was sales volume. A 12% sales increase reflects good pound volume growth, up 6%. Price and mix contributed 4 points and we gained 2 points from foreign exchange.  Each of our three business segments contributed to the sales increase. US retail sales were up 9%. The international segment posted 20% growth and sales for bakery and foods service grew 13%. Our third quarter gross margin of 39.8% was almost 5 percentage points above the comparable period last year as mark to market valuation of commodity positions, productivity and pricing offset significantly higher input costs. If you exclude the mark to market gains, $2 million of recall expenses on Progresso Italian Wedding soup, gross margin was 35.4% for the quarter, up 30 basis points from last year. For the year to date, the story is the same.  We are holding and actually slightly growing our margins. Mark to market valuation of commodity positions helped drive an increase in our reported gross margin to 37.7%. Excluding that non cash gain, recall expenses and the $17 million of accelerated depreciation as part of this year’s restructuring activity, our gross margin through nine months was 36.5%, up slightly from last year. And this strong performance is in the face of very elevated input cost inflation. Our ability to counter these higher costs allows us to maintain strong levels of investment in our brands. Our results for the quarter include a 13% increase in consumer marketing expense.  We believe this investment is and will continue to fuel sales growth. Slide 10 shows you the details of our segment operating profits in the third quarter. US retail profits increased 9%. International posted another quarter of strong double digit profit growth and bakeries and food service profits grew 68% driven by strong earnings growth from our grain merchandising activities. Now as background since our earliest days as a company, we’ve earned profits from buying, milling and storing grain. The recent large and rapid price grain increases this year have resulted in above average profits in this area. After tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $30 million in the quarter.  These results include a net gain of $11 million associated with the restructuring project CPW has underway in the UK. Excluding restructuring items in both years, joint venture earnings were essentially flat and that includes a $2 million gain on the sale of the 8 Continent Soymilk business during this quarter. Our Haagen-Dazs joint ventures in Asia recorded good sales and profit growth in the quarter. CPW sales grew double digits in the quarter, however profits were lower as we priced a bit behind inflation in the quarter and made some strategic consumer marketing investments.  Our year to date JV earnings growth remain strong, up 8% excluding the CPW restructuring and 8 Continent gain. Through nine months our joint ventures have contributed $80 million in after tax earnings to General Mills or $0.23 per share. Let’s move to the cash flow statement where cash from operations was lower in the third quarter due to increased working capital. As we discussed in the second quarter, inventories are the primary drivers of this increase as we reflect higher prices on higher levels of grain inventories. For the full year we expect core working capital to grow faster than sales due to the higher raw material prices we’re seeing.  General Mills has a strong tradition of returning cash to shareholders through dividends. Our goals is to grow dividends with earnings over time. On March 10th we announced an increase in the quarterly dividend rate to $0.40 per share. This is our seventh rate increase in the last 16 quarters and raised planned dividends for 2008 to $1.57 per share. In total, General Mills dividends have grown at a 9% compound rate over the last four years. We also returned significant cash to shareholders through stock repurchases. During the third quarter we repurchased 2.8 million shares at an average price of $55.00.  Through nine months, our average shares outstanding were 346 million, down nearly 4% from last year’s average. I’d estimate that our average share count for the full year will be slightly higher than this but it will be below the 350 million we previously targeted. Slide 15 summarizes our financial results for year to date. Net sales have grown 8%, segment operating profit is up 7%, earnings after tax grew 21% and earnings per share are up 25% as reported to $3.19. Excluding tax and commodity gains, up $0.39 per share, our EPS grew 10% to $2.80. Through the first nine months of the year, General Mills has delivered strong net sales and volume growth across our businesses. Our underlying gross margins have held steady despite significantly higher input costs.  Our segment operating profits are up 7%, including double digit growth in our consumer marketing investments. And with this good performance we are clearly on track to achieve our full year earnings per share target. As we turn to the fourth quarter, we expect to record continued good sales growth but we’re not counting on sustaining the double digit pace we set in Q3. Our guidance would be for mid single digit growth in net sales. Input costs will show the highest percent increase we’ve seen this year and our plans include a double digit increase in consumer marketing investment in the final quarter which we expect to help us carry good top line momentum out of this year and into 2008, 2009.  For the full year, our reported EPS wills how strong double digit growth including the non cash tax item and commodity hedge gains that we estimate a combined $0.30 per share. Excluding these non cash items we expect EPS to total between $3.45 and $3.47. This represents high single digit growth from last year’s EPS of $3.18. We see this as good performance in a challenging cost environment. So that concludes my update on our financial results and with that I’ll turn you over to Ken for a review of our operating performance.
Ken Powell:  Okay, well Don thank you very much. Good morning to one and all and let me join Kris and Don in thanking you for your continuing interest in General Mills. As we look at our results through the first nine months of this year, what pleases us most is the way we’re achieving our growth. Our product innovation in consumer marketing investments are driving strong growth on the top line. Cost savings efforts together with pricing actions are offsetting significantly higher input costs and they’re protecting our margins.  As we shared with you at CAGNY, our earnings growth in 2008 will exceed our original targets and most important, the actions we’ve taken in 2008 to protect our margins, to reinvest in our brands and to deliver health and convenience innovation for consumers will position us well for delivering good growth again in 2009. In talking with a number of you at CAGNY last month I know there’s concern about food price inflation and the potential impact on volume and sales and we’re going to continue to watch this closely but we are encouraged by the strong demand we’re seeing for our products.  Year to date, our volume is up 3% and net sales are up 8%. And in the latest quarter, the trends have accelerated with volume up 6% and sales up 12%. Now looking first at our US retail business, we see the same pattern of strong top line growth. Slide 21 shows you that year to date, US retail sales are up 6% overall with growth in every one of our divisions. And in the third quarter, sales growth accelerated to 9% overall with double digit gains for snacks, small planet foods, Yoplait and baking products. And we see several fundamental reasons for this good growth. First of all, we participate in growing categories.  The chart on slide 22 shows category growth in measured channels for our latest quarter. And not every category is up, but most of our categories are showing strong take away demand. Combined retail sales for our key categories which represent more than 95% of our business grew 3% in the quarter and this is in measured channels only. As you know, overall sales growth is stronger when you factor in non measured outlets. Sales for our brands are growing with or faster than our categories.  For the most recent quarter, our share is flat or up across our major categories and up slightly overall. Our fruit snack share is up 5 points, grain snacks share is up 4 points with the continuing growth of Nature Valley and the introduction of Fiber One bars. We also posted good share gains in soup, deserts and dinner mixes in the latest quarter. And our products offer consumers high quality at a good value.  As you know, we’ve raised prices over the last nine months in most of our businesses to partially offset higher input costs. Slide 24 shows the current national average non promoted or based price per unit for an assortment of our brands and the corresponding price per serving. Our leading brands are great tasting and they are affordable choices for today’s families. Successful innovation is driving growth on our brands. For example, slide 25 lists the top 20 items ranked by retail dollar sales in the ready to serve soup category for the past nine months. 11 of those top 20 soups are Progresso varieties.  The five light soups we launched last July were a great addition to our line and in fact two of those light soups are already in the top 20 and I believe that those are highlighted in yellow on that slide. All five of our light soups would make the top 25 and all five are among the fastest 16 turning items in the category and that is if you just look at turns per point of distribution. Our strong weight management and health news is driving double digit growth for Progresso again this year. Health news is also helping to drive strong growth in our Yoplait business. We’re helping to lead category growth with innovative weight management advertising and new product introductions.  These new products include Yo-plus which contains fiber and probiotic cultures and our new Fiber One yogurt which we launched in January. Retail sales are up 14% in the latest three months. Slide 27 shows the retail sales trend for Big G Cereals in channels where we have data. Here again our consumer movement has been accelerated with consumer take away up 5% in the latest month. Non-promoted or baseline sales are accelerating as well and were up 4% in February. We’re prioritizing our core brands and driving growth through increased investments and focus.  A great example of this focus is our Cheerios business. As you know, Cheerios is the number one ready to eat cereal franchise, representing 12% of category sales. Yellow box, Honey Nut and Multi-Grain Cheerios are all seeing strong sales increases. And our newest item, Out Clusters Cheerios Crunch is off to a great start. Combined retail dollar sales for all Cheerios varieties are up 5% year to date in channels where we have data and baseline volume is the key driver of this growth and is up 5% through nine months. We are also seeing good growth on other cereal brands we prioritized this year.  Cinnamon Toast Crunch is up 16%, Lucky Charms is up 10%, the Fiber One franchise is up 40% due in part to some great new varieties and other new cereals, including Chocolate Chex and a new variety of Cascadian Farms organic cereal or adding good incremental volume. Like Cheerios, these brands are growing in the right way through increases in non promoted baseline volume. So our US retail businesses are delivering strong results. We’re in growing categories. We offer consumers high quality products for a good value and we’re innovating and increasing investments in our brands to drive baseline growth.  Shifting now to bakeries and food service, this business segment has been affected to a greater degree by higher input costs. We have increased productivity and we’ve taken three pricing actions to counter this input cost pressure. These price increases have resulted in modest volume declines but a 6% increase in net sales through the first nine months of this year. Segment operating profit for bakeries and food service was up 16% year to date reflecting profits from grain merchandizing activities along with the higher selling prices on our product lines.  As I shared with you at CAGNY, a large portion of our business is in food service channels that don’t demonstrate the kind of cyclicality you may think of with restaurants. Examples include K-12 schools, colleges, hospitals and lodging chains. In fact, these food service channels are quite resilient. Slide 32 shows you the five year compound growth rate for these food service segments along with their growth in 2007 and projections for 2008. Of all these segments, only business and industry is projected to show a sales decline this calendar year. The rest of these channels are projected to show continued good growth.  So we see our bakeries and food service business on track to deliver good sales and earnings growth this year. We continue to focus on driving positive sales and profit mix by prioritizing the best industry segments and customers. Reported earnings for bakeries and food service will include strong profits from grain merchandizing this year which will make for a challenging comparison in 2009. Nevertheless we feel good about our business strategies and the long term growth prospects for this segment.  International continues to be our fastest growing segment. Year to date sales are up 20% reflecting gains across all geographic regions where we compete and segment operating profit grew even faster, up 30%. Slide 35 shows year to date sales growth by region. Excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange, Canada’s net sales are up 1% year to date. Sales are up 10% in Europe. Our Asia Pacific business is up 15% and net sales in Latin American and South Africa grew 35%. Foreign exchange contributed an additional 9 points of growth, bringing the international segment’s reported net sales growth to 20% for the first nine months.  This growth was driven by good performance on our core brands. In Canada, brand building investments on Multi-Grain Cheerios and the launch of Sweet and Salty Nature Valley bars drove growth on these priority brands. In Europe, Green Giant, Betty Crocker mixes and Nature Valley bars are selling well, particularly in the UK. In the Asia Pacific region, a strong Haagen-Dazs moon cake season and Wanchai Ferry growth are driving double digit sales increases in China. And in Latin America, sales increased 35% with good growth by Diablitos in Venezuela and Nature Valley bars which we launched in Latin America last March.  The cereal partners worldwide are 50/50 joint venture with Nestle continues to achieve sales and profit growth in cereal markets outside North America. Slide 37 shows our top ten markets ranked by tonnage. As you can see, we have leading share positions in these markets. So the global cereal business remains a strong growth engine for us. Across our worldwide food business, we’ve been steadily increasing our brand building investment and improving the effectiveness of our advertising. We now expect to increase our consumer marketing investments at a double digit rate in 2008, positioning us for continuing growth next year.  So to close this morning, let me give you a few preliminary thoughts about 2009 which is shaping up to be another good year for General Mills. We expect to achieve continued good top line growth in our fiscal year 2009. We’re targeting a mid single digit increase in net sales, somewhat above our long term growth model and we’ll share more details on our 09 growth outlook with you in June. We’re actively planning for another year of rising input costs and we have a pipeline of holistic margin management projects identified to help counter this cost pressure.  We will benefit next year from a 53rd week and we expect to reinvest that incremental contribution in business building initiatives both domestically and internationally. In total, we expect another year of continued good earnings growth consistent with our long term growth model. So that concludes our prepared remarks this morning and with that I’ll ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator:  (Operator instructions). And our first question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus, please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Thank you, good morning. Nice quarter, I just had two questions for you. The first one is of course in your implied earnings growth as you kept your full year guidance the same, it seems like a pretty strong increase in marketing in the fourth quarter and as I was looking year over year you do have, you had a lot of charges in the fourth quarter of a year ago, so I just wanted to be clear on how to look at the fourth quarter, is it going to be just a significant increase in marketing or maybe there are more restructuring charges you want to bring through in the upcoming quarter.
Ken Powell:  Chris, this is Ken, I think there are three things to remember about, keep in mind about the fourth quarter. First of all, we expect our sales will be strong but they won’t be double digit strong in the way that they were in the third quarter so we expect good solid sales growth but more in line with what you’ve seen you know as an average rate of growth over the last few quarters, so sales will moderate somewhat.  We do plan to increase investment in marketing at a good level in the fourth quarter, both to drive sales and also to help us continue momentum as we go into the next year. And also, finally the fourth quarter is the time when we really will face the highest input costs that we will see this year. And this is the time of the year when we start to move on to new contracts and we’ve seen costs edge up over the course of the year and the fourth quarter will be the highest cost quarter for us. So keep those three things in mind.
Don Mulligan:  Chris, this is Don, the only thing I would add to that is that if you look at our full year tax expense guidance, you’ll see the fourth quarter is coming up from our year to date of our Q3 rates so we will have an adverse tax rate verse last year when we actually had quite a favorable rate because of some discreet adjustments in the quarter.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: But it doesn’t plan any big charges or anything coming through in the fourth quarter from a restructuring standpoint, correct?
Don Mulligan:  No, that’s correct. Our full year guidance for restructuring is up a touch because of the $3 million that we put through this quarter related to the bakery and food service restructuring projects but that’s the only adjustment to our guidance in that area.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay and I just wanted to ask a final question if I could on the US retail division and there was less pricing sequentially quarter to quarter, was that in say promotion or was there something unique that worked against the overall price and mix realization in the quarter?
Ken Powell:  Not really Chris I mean we’ve taken I think as you know pricing on now across many if not most of our businesses. We’re realizing that as we go through the year. We did have very strong tonnage growth in the quarter but you know which was good. I think what I focus on is the nine month cumulative, I think we’ve got 3% of volume growth, 2% increase from realized from sales and 2% from mix. And you know the quarter to quarter can be somewhat lumpy and I think I’d focus on that nine month trend as a more accurate indicator of where we’re at. We feel good about the pricing that we’re realizing and is coming through as planned.
Chris Growe – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Lehman Brothers, please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers: Good morning. Just two quick things, one you talked about the volume uptick in the quarter and obviously is shows through very clearly, particularly in US retail, I’m curious how much of that you think is attributable to maybe it’s selling ahead of price increases which I realize would be an industry wide phenomenon but it just seems that kind of an uptick in volume particularly as you’re trying to get more pricing through and we do see pricing coming through at least in the scanner data, it just looked odd to me.
Ken Powell:  Yeah, Andrew if you look at the nine month data for US retail, our sales compared to consumer take away, they’re really quite close, I think our sales for this year to date 6% and our consumer take away as we can measure it in the channels that we track and retail link is between 5-6%, so you know year to date they’re tracking quite closely. I think what I would, the point I would make on tonnage, Andrew, particularly quarter to quarter I mean, there’s a mix element here that you have to watch out for.  We’ve got businesses where you know the density of the prospect is pretty low. In the cereal business but we’re also in the flour business and the canned vegetable business and you know we had a not quite as good a quarter in veg and flour in the second quarter and that probably depressed our tonnage a little bit. Those businesses were stronger this quarter and they drive mix. So you know tonnage is what it says it is. It’s pounds and it’s sort of a lumpy measure for us and I’d focus on the nine month data where we’re 3% on tons and good retail take away, I think I’d look at that.
Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers: Okay and you’re measuring volume in tonnage this year and that is different I think than last year if I’m not mistaken, was it units last year?
Ken Powell:  Right. That’s why Andrew we try to point out or helpful details on the unit sales. For instance, as you know our tonnage in cereal is down a little bit this year because of right size, right price, I think it’s down 3-4%. But our unit sales in cereal which I think is the most key and relevant measure is actually up 5% through the first nine months of the year.
Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers: Got it, okay. And then the last thing is, this fiscal year it seemed like your productivity and you’ve talked about the holistic margin has ramped up to perhaps cover more than half if not much more than half of the incremental input cost inflation that you’re seeing and you talked a little bit about the pipeline or you mentioned it.  Can you talk about your visibility into the cost save pipeline going forward and I guess is this magnitude of savings the type of level you think you can deliver incrementally next fiscal year because obviously the worry is you know input costs are clearly not going down and maybe they’ll continue to go up and as you roll over some contracts and things, that becomes more onerous next year, putting more pressure on price and productivity.
Ken Powell:  Yeah, well first thing I’d want to say Andrew is we are, this productivity focus that we have is proving tremendously helpful to us, we have good momentum there right now. You said covering much more than half which I don’t think that’s correct, I think if you thought of it as covering perhaps a half, in that neighborhood, that would be closer, but that’s very, very significant and it allows us to manage prices as best we can. So it’s about covering about half.  We are expecting more inflation although we really don’t know exactly what the magnitude will be yet. We also, we do have very good visibility on our productivity pipeline going forward. I think you know as I’ve said to you before, this is a strategic activity for us, this focus on margin. We meet with our division leaders several times a year to review what they’re doing here.  We look at a three year pipeline of ideas and initiatives and I will tell you that over the last several years that pipeline has gotten stronger as the divisions have gotten more deeply into this holistic margin management exercise. So we feel very, very good about our ability to continue to with this strong productivity momentum that we’ve had.
Don Mulligan:  Andrew, this is Don, I’d just add one more aspect to that as we think about our gross margin and that is the mix component as well. We separate that out on the top line impact but the bottom line impact is equally if not more meaningful. It’s the advantage of us having a broad product portfolio and changing the way, you know everything from the way we think about it internally to actually manage our sales force from an incentive standpoint to put more weight on the profitability on the product we’re selling and not just sort of the volume itself.  And we’ve combined that with much more stringent new product guidelines that are focusing us on launching margin accretive products at a much higher rate, much more highly incremental but also much more highly margin accretive products than we have. And that continues to improve so I think that factor as well has a very material impact on our gross margins.
Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta with Merrill Lynch, please proceed with your question.
Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch: Good morning, just to follow up on Andrew’s question in terms of the pre-buy ahead of price increases. Were there any specific price increases that are going in around now or early this quarter that there might have been pre-buy ahead of or you know do you think that it, I know that you didn’t point to much pre-buy overall but do you think that there could have just been general anticipation of price increases given the commodity environment?
Ken Powell:  There were no price increases Eric at the end of the quarter that would have caused that. You know the one thing that I might point to here is one of the very strong features of our third quarter was that we had a very good baking season and by that I mean both our Pillsbury division and our Betty Crocker baking divisions were very, very strong and they were strong throughout the quarter.  As you know, this is the time of year when consumers are entertaining and holiday baking and that sort of thing so that we thought they’d do well and they did better than we thought. I think it’s possible that because Easter timing was a few weeks earlier, we got a little bit of a kick there but I don’t think it’s, I mean I don’t really think it’s overly significant. As I said they were strong throughout the quarter and we’re starting off March very solidly. So, there may have been a little bit of benefit from the earlier Easter.
Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch: Okay and then shifting to Big G, through the fiscal first half it seemed that your shipments were a little bit stronger than we had anticipated, particularly in the second quarter after the very strong first quarter. You had a what looks like a very good shipment quarter as well as consumer take away quarter in the fiscal third quarter. Just wondering whether you could comment on customer inventory levels and you know how this is all washed out after nine months, how you feel about inventory levels and the overall success of right size, right price.
Ken Powell:  Well, I mean, Eric we feel really, really good about right size, right price. It’s fully behind us now. We have you know we have established the new retail prices. We’ve monitored those, those have been very, very stable. We’re seeing very good improvements in baseline sales over the course of the year in line with what we predicted. We’re seeing good consumer initiatives across the cereal business.  We’ve tried to show you how strong our Cheerios franchise is but also we have our major kid brands are growing strongly now. You know as are several of our adult brands. So we feel that right size, right price has been very successful for us, it did just what we wanted it to do and thought it would do and we see good momentum continuing in our cereal business. We’re going to have a good year on cereal.
Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch: And in terms of customer inventories, are they at, are you comfortable with customer inventory levels, are they a little on the high side still?
Ken Powell:  We’re very comfortable with the inventories there.
Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch: Great, well thanks a lot, great quarter guys.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Wachovia, please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Capital Markets: Good morning, thank you. Wanted to dig in a little bit more on, a lot of talk about trading down out there. Could you comment on, particularly in Big G but you know just across your portfolio on price gaps relative to private label and you know do you have those gaps generally narrowed or widened in the most recent round of price increases and what affect that’s sort of having on your pretty strong volumes here?
Ken Powell:  Hi Jonathan, you know we’re very closely monitoring that. We know that you’re interested in it and we’re looking at it and I think at CAGNY a few months ago we reported to you that the private label share, aggregate share for our categories, so this isn’t for the whole industry but just for our categories, but we’re in a lot of categories, but the private label share was flat year to date for our categories and we’ve updated that and  I’ll tell you it’s again flat. It hasn’t moved at all. So we’re not seeing in our categories the private label competitors gain share, they’re absolutely flat, I mean if anything they’re down just slightly. So it doesn’t look like we’re seeing trade down in our categories. You know we do monitor how our pricing is passed through and how their pricing is passed through and we have noticed that the price increases for our private label competitors have tended to be bigger on a percentage basis than ours have been and I think that reflects the margin structure and the scale of those competitors, they need to take more to cover cost increases. And so we’re seeing perhaps a little bit of a narrowing of the price gap. I wouldn’t say it’s dramatic yet but if anything it’s narrowing.
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Capital Markets: Thanks and just one follow up. How about percent, rough percent of sort of volume or dollars bought on deal, bought on, you know at merchant, some sort of special across your portfolio, have you seen any uptick or unusual gyration in that data?
Ken Powell:  Not really, I mean that’s been pretty stable and I think as we’ve told you before, for our cereal business in fact we expect our merchandising spend on that business to be down a little bit for the year.
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Capital Markets: But that’s mainly really it’s your right size.
Ken Powell:  Yeah, we haven’t changed any merchandizing price points or done anything like that. It’s been pretty stable.
Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens with Bear Stearns, please proceed with your question.
Terry Bivens – Bear Stearns : Hey, good morning everyone. I have a couple of things, going back to the volume, you know traditionally General Mills productivity has been driven by volume and I guess one of the impact of right size, right price would be for a period of time your pound volume would probably be reduced but your price per pound up. So I’m just wondering how this shakes out as we go forward given the importance of Big G to the US retail division, do you see pound volume now as a source of productivity for the cereal line as well as the division? How should we look at that?
Ken Powell:  I don’t know if you will recall this Terry because it was kind of an inside baseball look at right size, right price, but as part of that right size, right price exercise which involved changing the size and shape of all of our cereal boxes, we also were able as part of that exercise to kind of revise you know and improve the way the cereal boxes go through the manufacturing line, the way the cases work, the way they fit on pallets and all of this sort of thing. And so you know there’s actually going to be a quite significant productivity gain in the cereal business from moving to those revised right size, right price package configurations.  So those sort of productivity opportunities which were inherent in right size, right price coupled with the fact that our unit sales are up quite nicely this year and it’s really units that we make in our factories is we see many opportunities for driving productivity in the cereal business going forward. I would say we’ve increased you know the size of that pot significantly over the last year and a half as we’ve focused on it. So we’re going to see continued productivity growth in that cereal business, part of it because of the more efficient right size, right price box sizes.
Terry Bivens – Bear Stearns : Okay and just a question on innovation. We hear Kellogg is gearing up to launch several new products this summer, including a new line that may go after Toaster Strudels. We were also looking at some data that suggests that curves may not be doing as well as you’d like, so can you kind of address the innovation effort. Should we look for kind of an on trend innovation effort as we move into fiscal 09? Will it be geared up? How should we look at that as well?
Ken Powell:  Well Terry, first of all I’d tell you that this year we think our innovation has been very, very strong. Oat Clusters Crunch Cheerios has been one of the strongest new cereals in the market and then as you go across our portfolio we’ve had a spectacular success with Fiber One bars, we’ve had a great success with light soup. You know we’ve just launched Fiber One yogurt and we’re very optimistic about that.  Yo-Plus yogurt continues to develop well and gain trial has very strong repeat and gaining trial and that brand is now over a share point in the yogurt category. So we feel quite pleased with the innovation and the new products that we launched this year and we are preparing our new launches for the first quarter of next year and I will tell you that we’re very happy with how that’s coming together. We think it’s going to be another good year of highly incremental innovation. We’ll tell you more about that in June but I’ll tell you we’re very focused on continuing keeping that pipeline of innovation going.
Terry Bivens – Bear Stearns : Okay, thank you very much.
Don Mulligan:  What I would add to that is I think one of the things that’s really helped up perform this year is the fact that we’ve had really good new product innovation in the marketplace combined with our higher consumer investment to support those new products and while we’ve spent a lot of time over the last few months talking about inflation and how we’re acting to counter that, I think the basic blocking and tackling of the business of new products and increased consumer investment is really what’s driving us and will continue to drive us in 2009. So to Ken’s point, that has continued to be an area of focus for us and we’ll share the specifics when we get together in June.
Terry Bivens – Bear Stearns : Okay, thanks again.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets, please proceed with your question.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Hey, good morning everyone. Just turning to a different business sector, the general bakery margins exceeded our expectations and I was just kind of looking at what do you think the key factors were, I’m assuming they exceeded your expectations as well. What do you think the key factors were and do you think this type of margin structure is more sustainable even in the face of higher wheat prices?
Kris Wenker:  Ken, can I just clarify, are you asking about bakeries and food service?
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Yes.
Ken Powell:  Well a factor you know an important factor in their performance this year as we’ve said has been you know the benefits that they’ve gained from our General Mills grain merchandizing operations and I think as you may know General Mills literally since the company was listed in 1928 and before then, the name of the company is General Mills and so we have grain elevators, we have grain mills, we buy grain, we store it, we process it, we have assets and we have expertise in acquiring and taking positions in grain and managing our, and we manage our costs that way.  Much of those, and we concentrate that effort in two areas, wheat and oats which are the two primary grains that we use in the business. And much of the benefit and the gain from that operation which you know creates value for General Mills year in and year out. You know much of that benefit goes to the bakery and food service division because they’re using a lot of flour and we sell a lot of bakery flour to everybody from Wal-Mart to other grocery stores and up and down the street. So a large part of their gain this quarter was their benefit from that operation.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great, thank you.
Don Mulligan:  And Ken, just to your point on margins, you know the unusual run up in grain prices benefited that operation in this quarter and year to date, so we have seen some margin expansion beyond where we would have otherwise. But as we look at the underlying business, we still see stable margins and we still have confidence in the strategy that we’re undertaking to move more to branded, to move more to the higher margin, higher growth opportunity segments is playing out. It’s being challenged this year because of the high inflation that we’re seeing across the board but we are confident that we’ll still be able to protect our margins this year and grow them in the future.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: I guess the only thing I was trying to get at is exactly that, when you get the pricing power that you got in this division seems to be higher than I would have thought and it seems to have kind of funneled through to the margin level so I understand that there’s this grain gain that you were enjoying during this quarter but it seems like again that some of the margin structure in this business is a little more stable than I guess I would have originally thought given that the pricing power seems to be more there, that’s all I was trying to get at.
Ken Powell:  And that’s a good insight because we are, as we demonstrated or showed at CAGNY we are very pleased with the categories that we play in. We’re very pleased with the margin performance that we’re seeing, [unintelligible] we want to be long term as we’ve said but we’re moving in the right direction and certainly if you look at our performance verse most of our competitors the strength of our strategy is playing out in the financial results.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: And your ability to actually get the access to the wheat, even if there is a shortage again because you have the milling side of it, there’s no inability for you to actually supply your operations, is that fair?
Ken Powell:  That’s correct, we purchase more wheat and oats than we use and part of what we earn in that, that gives us two advantages, one we get to sort for the highest quality but second we also have some additional excess inventory that we can sell into the market. So we have no issues with supply and again an advantage as [unintelligible] quality and a pricing standpoint.
Don Mulligan:  And also Ken just remember in terms of you’re talking about our pricing power we have I mean obviously we’re taking multiple price advances but so is the market and so are our competitors and so we’re moving aggressively in a general market that’s also moving.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Great, I appreciate it.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Todd Duvick with Banc of America Securities, please proceed with your question.
Todd Duvick – Banc of America Securities:  Thank you, good morning. I wanted to ask a balance sheet question or two. You’ve got a $1.15 billion convertible note that is maturing in 2037 and I think you said in your 10K that you expect that to be put to you next month. Is this still the case and if so what refinancing plans do you have for that?
Don Mulligan:  Todd we do expect it to be put to us, it’s not in our hands, it’s in the holder’s hands to decide that, but we do expect just based on the economics of the bond to actually be put back to us in the middle of next month. Our plans are to refinance it in the near term with commercial paper. As you may be aware we did a $750 million seven year note last week to free up the capacity at our commercial paper to accommodate the fact that that’s going to be put back to us.
Todd Duvick – Banc of America Securities:  Okay, alright and then I guess with respect to the balance sheet, I think you made earlier commitments, earlier in the fiscal year that your combination of debt and minority interest at the end of the fiscal year which is going to be May is going to be at or below year ago levels and I wanted to know if you could clarify if you remaining on a net debt and minority interest or just total debt and minority interest and if that means you’re going to be paying down some additional debt in the next fiscal quarter?
Don Mulligan:  Well it was on our gap debt plus minority interest basis. We are actually not projected to see that increase slightly at year end and that’s directly driven by the fact that in January when the equity markets declined, we took the opportunity to go in and repurchase what we think are some very undervalued General Mills shares as we noted in our release. That is going to put some pressure on our debt line at the end of the year. We do expect to pay down something a bit form where we are at the end of Q3 to year end but we are now projecting that at the end of the year our combined gap debt and minority interest balance will be above last year.
Todd Duvick – Banc of America Securities:  Okay and then just one final question. I guess with respect to your debt balance overall, are you fairly comfortable with the overall debt balance and are you also comfortable with the mix between the short term and the long term?
Don Mulligan:  Yes we are on both. You know our commitment is that we are focusing not so much on the dollar balance as in the metrics, our coverage ratios for example and given the improve performance, financial results beyond our original plan, that gives us a little bit of flexibility on that debt line while maintaining our liquidity and financial metrics. You know we did have proactive discussions with the rating agencies [unintelligible] with the market in January just to make sure that they were clear on our intent and what our projections are and they were comfortable with that. And that’s important to us because we are very committed to maintaining our triple B plus credit rating and we keep that always in mind whenever we make any of our financing plans.
Todd Duvick – Banc of America Securities:  Okay, very good, thank you.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank, please proceed with your question.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi, good morning everybody. I guess my first question maybe is a follow up on the balance sheet, I’m not exactly clear as to how interest expense is down even though your net debt year over year is up 24% I think, can you kind of walk me through that?
Don Mulligan:  Yes it’s a combination of two things Eric, the primary driver is the fact that because we very actively used commercial paper, we have been the beneficiary of the 200 plus basis points drop in our CP rates from last year to this year. Another smaller factor is that we have accumulated some cash offshore and we have some interest income netted against energy expense line this year, it’s a little higher than it was a year ago. But the primary driver is the fact that we’ve been on the front end of the yield curve.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Securities: I see, so given your responses to Todd and as you look, should we expect interest expense in 09 to be basically flat or down given what you’ve done on the front end of the curve?
Don Mulligan:  Well we’re not going to provide guidance on that just yet but as I’ve said we will be going into the year with a higher balance this year than we exited last year and we would expect that balance to grow through next year again as we keep our metrics flat, earnings and cash flow grow and our debt would grow in accordance with that. So that’s going to clearly drive up our interest expense. We will have to see where the markets are as we think about what our commercial paper rates are going to be.  But we would expect that our mix of commercial paper would be roughly consistent with where it has largely been this year, that is we expect to continue to run at a $2-$2.5 billion average balance in our commercial paper but it’ll be a little higher in the front end of the year as we’re building inventory for our key selling seasons and it’ll come off a little bit in the back half as it has typically done.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, let me switch, Ken I guess my first question is it seems like the environment has become a little bit more high low than EDLP and historically pre-Pillsbury General Mills was a very strong, had a very strong sales force and culture that was really excelled in the high low environment. I know when you bought Pillsbury you know that added some expertise on the EDLP front with people in Bentonville but do you still think that the sales force culture excels in a high low and does that give you some competitive opportunity?
Ken Powell:  Well I mean we have a very, very capable sales force and some of our customers, many of them continue to be high low and pretty aggressive merchandisers, some as you know are EDLP. I mean I would say if anything you know our customers are looking more these days at hybrid versions, some EDLP on certain items coupled with ongoing merchandizing so I would say if anything the trend is towards a little bit more awareness of EDLP opportunities and you know and our guys are very, very comfortable working in both of those kinds of environments.  I mean I would say you know so that’s one part of what we’re trying to do but you know our sales force has you know over the last five years especially I would say, we’re not only bringing merchandising programs and initiatives to these important customers, we’re bringing them all kinds of services and other capabilities, Eric, we’re bringing them know how in consumer insights and marketing in store, helping them work with us to reduce logistic costs and all of these things are really quite important in building that strong partnership with our major customers now and we’re very, very good at all of those things. And I’d say you know as well as operating in the two different kinds of merchandizing environments, EDLP and high low. So I think we’re very, very, we feel very good about our capabilities there.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay and then just the last follow up. It seems like and I want you to put more of an industry hat on as opposed to a General Mills hat since you have broad exposure, but it seems like a lot of the companies you know we’ve all raised prices but I understand form contacts that the coverage on the price increase for many companies is extending into the summer and I’m wondering, do you think that there’s a risk that we start to see this trade down to private label or demand elasticity hit when the price coverage programs that are out there and in the real kind of hit on the shelf, hit to the family in their wallet.
Kris Wenker:  Can I just, because I’m getting a little bit of a puzzled look across the table, Eric what you’re talking about is for some companies when they take a list price increase for a period of time, they’re protecting merchandizing events that they’ve already scheduled with retail and so for a while you’re spending back against that, that’s what he’s asking about is the industry branded guys, that’s part of the mix here.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Securities:  You know, nobody expect there’s one company out there, but basically none of the companies are saying we’re seeing any demand elasticity but then again there’s a lot of price protection going on and I’m kind of wondering what happens when the full price increase goes through this summer, like is that when we see it?
Ken Powell: You know, I wish I could put my industry hat on for you Eric but I’m not sure I can. But what I can tell you is we look at how our own pricing is passing through. We look at that very closely to see if it’s happening, when it’s happening, how it’s happening and what I can tell you is that we’re seeing exactly what we would expect to see across categories where we’ve taken pricing.  I mean there is sometimes a delay but it’s not a long delay and we’re seeing our customers pass through all of the full impact of the pricing. They’re not passing through more than that, but they are passing the full impact through and so we don’t think there’s any sort of lag affect here waiting to hit us, it’s, the pricing that we’ve taken is already, has already appeared at retail and consumers are seeing somewhat higher prices already. Now I don’t, Don, think we’ve looked at it across other categories or maybe we have but we’ve certainly focused on our own.
Don Mulligan: Yeah, we’ve look at our categories and to Ken’s point kind of on a dollar for dollar basis, pricing is translating through, it differs a little by category but on average it’s going through on a dollar for dollar basis which does mean that the retailer is not taking the margin on it but at least passing it through.  And I guess the other comment I’d make is you know to the extent that there is any trade down, there’s more trade in if you will because clearly some of the restaurant chains are seeing an impact in their traffic and that traffic is trading into grocery, so net-net to Ken’s earlier point, we’re not seeing private label pick up any share and if anything the branded guys in certainly in our categories, we’re seeing stronger performance. So the combination of our new products and our consumer advertising consumer marketing investments are allowing us to maintain and grow our share across most of our categories. And helping offset whatever risk of trade down there may be.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Securities:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research, please proceed with your question.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: Thanks a lot, good morning everyone. Don I wanted to start off with the commodity hedging gains. There was $0.30 I think so far for the year or thereabouts, can you just describe to me. These gains are gains that will ultimately be something that would apply to future periods. So its hedges that you’ve put into place for future quarters which is why you guys are kind of backing it out and looking at sort of the core operations for the quarter. Conceptually am I right on that statement?
Don Mulligan:  Yeah, that’s exactly right. They are gains on our open hedge positions as of the end of the quarter and this is based on the new accounting treatment that we implemented at the beginning of this fiscal year for positions taken in this fiscal year and we mark to market based on our coverage, open hedge positions based on market price at the end of the quarter. We also mark to market our grain inventories and that’s been our historical accounting, so that’s not new, it’s just it’s usually immaterial but with the recent run up its become more material so we wanted to segregate that piece out as well. Both of those, to your point are future, they will settle in the future and they’ll impact our results at that time period.  A couple of important things to note is that these gains are not in our operating profit, so these hedges and inventory gains will move to operating profit when the commodity is used and the contract settles. So the operating profit matches with the coverage so there you get a clean line of sight on our margins. It’s also as we’ve segregated out in the slide, we’ve segregated the gross margin impact for that same reason is to give you a line of sight on the underlying performance. So that is the commodity gain in a nutshell, it is for future positions to be closed in the future.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: And those positions would go out how far approximately, the next three quarters?
Don Mulligan:  Well they will go out as we said at CAGNY about the end of the calendar year, cover through the end of the calendar year roughly.
Kris Wenker:  And it’s going to vary by commodity.
Don Mulligan:  By category. So some of that will reverse in the fourth quarter and that’s why we signal a $0.30 for the full year as opposed to where we are at a year to date basis. So a portion of it will settle in the fourth quarter.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: My second question is that in the quarter it appears that you had a $14 million gain on the sale of an asset in the joint venture line and then also a $1.7 million gain from the sale of your 8 Continent, that amounts to about $0.05 a share, is that $0.05 a share included in your $3.45-$3.47 estimate?
Don Mulligan:  Yes it is and that we had a net gain in CPW joint venture of $11 million for the restructuring activity this quarter which includes the gain on the piece of property that you mentioned and the $1.7 on 8 Continent. So both of those are in our numbers in the quarter and our underlying projections, guidance for the year.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: Great, thanks a lot everyone.
Kris Wenker:  And operator I’m going to cut in, we’re kind of at the end of our hour, let’s take one more and then I apologize to anyone who’s still in queue, please call me afterwards.
Operator:  Perfect then the next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley, please proceed with your question.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  I’ll just ask one quick one then. In terms of the grain merchandizing as it relates to bakeries and food service, does that factor into the 2% nine month volume decline? Or how should I think about that?
Ken Powell:  It’s all capture Vincent in our cogs line. So what [overlay] externally is in the sales line, not necessarily what we mill and transfer internally.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  So then the answer is that that 2% volume decline has nothing to do with the grain merchandizing?
Ken Powell:  Correct, that’s right.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  Okay, thank you very much.
Kris Wenker:  Thank you everybody, if you have follow up questions please give me a shout.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude the conference call for today, we thank you for your participation and ask you to please disconnect your lines.

===== 2008 Q2  (2007-12-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kris Wenker - VP of IR Don Mulligan - EVP and CFO Ken Powell - President, CEO and COO Chris O'Leary - EVP and COO of International
Analysts: Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns Bill Leach - Neuberger Berman Alexia Howard - Stanford Bernstein Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Edgar Roesch - Banc of America Securities Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you standing by, and welcome tothe second quarter fiscal 2008 results conference call. (Operator Instructions) And I would now like to turn the conference over to KrisWenker, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kris Wenker: Thanks, Jennifer. Good morning, everybody. I'm here with KenPowell, our Chief Executive Officer; Don Mulligan; our CFO; and Chris O'Leary,Chief Operating Officer for our International business. I'll turn you over toall of them in just a minute. First, I've got to cover my usual housekeepingitems. The press release for our second quarter results was issuedover the wire services earlier this morning. It's posted on our website, if youstill need a copy. We've also posted slides on the website that supplement theprepared remarks we're making this morning. This conference call will include forward-looking statementsthat are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slidein today's presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to bedifferent than our current estimates. And with all of that, I'll turn you over to Don.
Don Mulligan: Thanks, Kris. And thanks to all of you who have joined usthis morning. As you can see from the financial result that we have releasedtoday, General Mills continues to generate good growth and operating momentumin fiscal 2008. Slide 4 summarizes results for the quarter. Net sales grew7%. Segment operating profit essentially matched last year's second quarterresult. Earnings after-tax were up 1% and earnings per share grew 6% to $1.14for the quarter. These results include significant input cost inflation,expenses associated with our November product recall of frozen pepperoni pizzaand double-digit growth in our consumer marketing investment. Let me take you through the income statement and cover thosedetails. Our 7% sales growth from the quarter reflects a strong contributionfrom price and mix of six percentage points. Foreign exchange added anotherpoint of growth. Each of our three business segments contributed to the salesincrease. US Retail sales were up 3%, International segment posted 22% growth,and Bakeries and Foodservice sales grew 8%. Our second quarter gross margin of 36% was below thecomparable period a year ago. Cost of goods for the quarter included $17million of accelerated depreciation expense related to restructuring actions.It also includes virtually all of the expenses related to our voluntary recallof pepperoni pizzas on November 1st. Total recall expense, including the costbooked in SG&A, was $20 million pre-tax and $0.04 per share. We resumedshipment of pepperoni pizza SKUs at the end of November and sales of our otherpizza varieties were not interrupted. Our results for the quarter also included 10% increase inconsumer marketing expense. We believe this strong investment in our brandswill help fuel continued growth in sales, particularly baseline or non promotedsales. Through the first half of this year, combined baseline sales for ourmajor USretail businesses are up 3% in measured channels. Slide 9 shows the detail of our segment operatingperformance in the second quarter. US Retail profit fell 2% including a recallimpact. International posted another quarter of strong double-digit profitgrowth and Bakeries and Foodservice profits declined 14%. That reflects highinput cost in very tough comparisons. Last year's second quarter profits grew40%. Restructuring, impairment, and other exit costs totaled $3million in the quarter, compared to $1 million of income last year. Corporateunallocated expense is in total $26 million, which includes $17 million of costassociated with restructuring that appear in cost and income statement. Thedecrease in unallocated corporate expense for the quarter reflects a net $15million mark-to-market gain on commodity hedges and $11 million gain on thesale of a corporate investment. Our joint ventures, particularly cereal partners worldwide,contributed strong double-digit earnings growth in the quarter. After-taxearnings from joint ventures totaled $28 million, and these results include $1million after-tax charge related to previously announced CPW restructuring inthe UK.Sales for CPW grew 21% in the period. So, on the bottomline, diluted earnings per share totaled$1.14 for the second quarter, representing a 6% gain. This increase was on topof double-digit growth in last year's second quarter. Let's move from the income statement to the balance sheetand core working capital items. In total, core working capital was up 12% fromlast November's levels. This reflects our higher sales levels and higher pricesfor inventories. For the full year, we now expect core working capital to growslightly faster than sales due to the same input cost increases we're seeing. Our capital structure continues to get simpler. During thefirst quarter, we repurchased a net $897 million minority interest andrefinanced that piece of our capital structure with commercial paper and five-yearnote. In the second quarter we completed our transaction withLehman Brothers, and used the $750 million of cash we received to pay downcommercial paper. In fact, our commercial paper balance is now lower than a yearago at this time. And by the end of fiscal 2008, we expect total debt plusminority interest to be down compared to the combined balance last May. That'sconsistent with the guidance of mid single digit growth and interest expensefor the year we gave back in June. Turning to the cash flow statement, our operating activitiesgenerated $444 million in cash through the first six months, down from $565million last year. This change reflects the higher use of the working capitalthis year, again, primarily due to inventory costs. Dividends through the firstsix months grew to $259 million. The current annualized rate of $1.56 per sharerepresents 8% increase over dividend paid in fiscal 2007. First half capital expenditures totaled $186 million. Wecontinue to estimate that for the full year, capital spending will total $575million, including capacity additions on grain, snacks and yogurt, as well asproductivity projects. We returned significant cash to shareholders through sharerepurchases in 2008. Through the first half we've repurchased a net 7 millionshares and over the last 12 months we've repurchased a net 14 million shares.As a result, we now expect average shares outstanding for the year of roughly350 million shares or 3% below last year's average share balance. So I'll summarize my remarks this morning this way. GeneralMills, in the second quarter, showed continued good sales growth. Segmentoperating profit matched last year despite higher input costs, recall expensesand increased consumer marketing and EPS increase of 6%. We simplified ourcapital structure. For the full year we are on track with our projected uses ofcash for dividends, capital expenditure and share repurchase and importantly weare on track to deliver our targeted EPS growth. With that I will turn you over to Ken for a review of ouroperating performance. Ken?
Ken Powell: So thanks, Don, and good morning to all. The second quarterresults Don just shared with you, build on a strong first quarter for GeneralMills. And we expect our broad base sales momentum to continue in the secondhalf of this year. Our key challenge will continue to be input costs. They arecoming in higher than planned and almost all of the added costs will fall inour second half. Now we've shown you this chart before, which traces thesustained input cost pressure we've experienced in the last several years. Ouroriginal plan for fiscal 2008 included an estimated 5% inflation rate on inputcosts, but commodity prices have tracked above our estimates and now with themajority of our coverage locked in for this year, we see our inflation ratecoming in higher, at roughly 7%. Now, this is a significant increase in costpressure, but our good first half results offset some of the added costs. In addition, we have identified additional pricing andproductivity to counter second half cost pressure. And our plans includecontinued solid consumer spending through the second half of the year to keepour topline growing. And these factors together give us confidence we canoffset the added costs we're seeing and deliver our targeted results for theyear. The topline growth through the first six months was led by International,which generated almost half of our dollar sales increase. US Retail contributedanother $200 million in sales growth and Bakeries and Foodservice added a $32million sales increase in the first half. Segment operating profits are up 4% through the first half.That's on top of 9% growth in the same period last year, and it includes thevarious expense items that Don just outlined for you. So our fundamentalbusiness momentum is quite good going into the second half. I'll give you a bitmore detail on the growth drivers for US Retail and Bakeries and Foodservice, thenChris O'Leary will provide an update on our International segments. Today's press release included second quarter sales growthrates for each of our US Retail divisions. Slide 24 shows net sales growth bydivision for the first half. As you can see, net sales are up for all of ourdivisions. Snacks posted the fastest growth rate with sales up 14%. Yoplaitsales are up 7% through the first half. Our organic division, Small Planet Foods, generated salesgrowth of 6%. Both Big G Cereals and Baking Products posted 4% growth. Meals isup 3%, and the Pillsbury division sales were up slightly despite the recall,which resulted in one month of lost sales on the affected SKUs and productreturns that also reduced net sales. Let me highlight some of the businesses driving our salesgains. Our Grain Snack business continues to post substantial growth. Retailsales are up 34% through the first half of fiscal 2008 in channels where wehave data. This growth has been generated by both the core Nature Valleygranola bars, as well as, new, highly incremental products like Fiber One barsand Curves bars. For Yoplait, new Fizzix carbonated yogurt and Yoplait Kid beveragesare off to a good start. And in the adult segment, we're seeing continuedstrength from Yoplait Light Yogurt and our convenient fridge packconfiguration. A new Yo-Plus yogurt with probiotic cultures and fiber is off toa good start as well. Yoplait's first half retail sales grew 5% in channelswhere we have data. Second quarter retail sales growth accelerated to 10%,driven by pricing and performance from new products. Big G Cereal performance through the first half has exceededour expectations. Conversion to the new package sizes has been completed atretail, and shelf prices are tracking closely to targeted levels. One of thekey goals of these initiatives was increased baseline sales, and we're seeingthat, with first half baselines up 2%. Dollar market share for Big G in measured channels is downabout a 0.5 point year-to-date and this primarily reflects lower merchandisinglevels in recent months. We have stronger merchandising planned in the secondhalf. We do expect full year trade expense for Big G will be lower than lastyear. Through the first half, retail channels, retail sales inchannels where we have data are up 2%, and we'd estimate that Big G's retailsales across all channels are growing slightly faster. Overall, we see thebusiness well on track to its goal of low single-digit sales growth for thefull year. In the Meals division, retail sales for Helper dinner mixesare running below strong year-ago levels when we launched Hamburger HelperMicrowave Singles. Now, that continues to be a good line extension for us, butit's not fully matching last year's introductory sales levels. We are launchingtwo new skillet helper varieties featuring whole grain pasta in January. Andthat should help renew growth momentum on this line. Progresso soups posted 12% retail sales growth in the firsthalf, and baseline performance has been the driver here. Non-promoted sales areup 11%. Progresso Light soups, which carry a zero point per serving endorsementfrom Weight Watchers, are off to an excellent start and are proving to be quiteincremental to our existing line. Retail sales for Pillsbury's refrigerated dough productsgrew 2% through the first six months of the year in channels where we havedata. Four profitable products, including crescent rolls, sweet rolls and ourtubes of cookie dough, drove the growth, including our results to date in thisyear's key baking season. Toaster Strudel also contributed to Pillsbury's toplinegrowth with a 14% increase in first half retail sales. Now, as Don mentionedearlier, we resumed shipments of pepperoni pizzas at the end of November. Sales for our other Totino's pizzas and pizza rolls stayedsteady throughout the recall. So, through the first half, the combined Totino'sbusinesses generated retail sales growth of 7%. So, we had a number of productlines that contributed to the strength in our first half US Retail results. Shifting now to Bakeries and Foodservice, this businesssegment has been affected to a greater degree by a higher input cost. We havetaken two pricing actions so far: one in July and a second increase in Novemberto counter this cost pressure. These price increases have resulted in modestvolume declines, but a 4% increase in net sales through the first half. Segment operating profit for Bakeries and Foodservice wasdown $3 million through the first half, reflecting higher input cost and $3million of expense associated with our recent shift to a direct sales force fora part of this business. Looking at our sales by customer segment, business withfoodservice distributors and restaurants matched prior year levels. However,core branded products like Pillsbury Place ‘n Bake muffins, breakfast cereals, snacksand Yoplait yogurt, all generated good growth. Convenience stores and vending generated 5% net sales growthin the first half, driven by distribution gains and new product success in oursnacks business. And our sales to bakery customers grew 7% through the firsthalf. So the key initiatives for growth in our Bakeries andFoodservice business are, first, prioritizing our best customers. We arefocusing on our branded products and our best customer segments to drive profitand margin growth. Second, we believe our conversion to a direct sales forcefor part of this business will provide us with better insight to our marketsand customers and our brands will get more focused sales support. And third, we continue to focus on holistic marginmanagement in this business segment. These initiatives are working and ourFoodservice division is expected to deliver good sales and operating profitgrowth for the full year. That profit gain may be high single-digit, ratherthan double-digit due to increased input cost inflation. But this will stillrepresent ongoing progress for the division. So, now, let me turn you over to Chris O'Leary for somehighlights on our International division's recent performance. Chris, over toyou.
Chris O'Leary: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everybody. To remind you, netsales for our entire International business, including our proportionate sharesales from joint ventures totaled more than $3 billion in fiscal 2007. Myremarks today will be focused on our consolidated international businessesabout two-thirds of that total. In our international segment, first half sales rose 20%reflecting gains across all geographic regions where we compete. In secondsegment, operating profit grew 32%. Slide 36 shows our sales growth by region. Excluding theimpact of foreign currency exchange in the second quarter, Canada's net sales grew 2%, Europewas up 11%. Our Asia-Pacific business was up 16% and net sales in Latin America increased 41%, reflecting market sharegains in pricing actions in key markets. This performance was fairly consistentwith first quarter results. So through the first half, our sales were up 12%before currency exchange benefits. Foreign exchange contributed eight additionalpoints of growth, bringing the International segment's reported net salesgrowth to 20% for the first half. Our International business has shown accelerating operatingprofit growth over the past several quarters, as shown on slide 37. Input costpressure will be greater for this business in the second half and a result wethink the rate of segment operating profit growth will slow a bit. But, wecontinue to target another year of strong double-digit profit growth for 2008 in total. We are generating this growth by building on three globalproduct platforms. First, super-premium ice cream, where we have the preeminentbrand in Häagen-Dazs. Next, world cuisine, where we compete with Old El Pasoand the Wanchai Ferry brands. In healthy snacking, where our internationalbrands range from popcorn and Cheerio snacks in Canada to Nature Valley GranolaBars now available in more than 50 markets worldwide. These global platformsare strong growth drivers for us, with net sales at constant foreign exchangerate, from ice cream and world cuisine each up approximately 10% in the firsthalf and healthy snacking up 30%. As we expand these global brands around the world, we willdrive continued margin improvement for the International segment overall, asall three of these brand platforms have operating profit margins higher thanthe General Mills' overall operating margin. Let me now give you some highlights on each of our regionsbeginning with Canada.Cereal and granola bars had been the growth drivers in Canada so far this year. Weexecuted our "Right Size, Right Price" initiative in Canada on the same timing as we did in the United Statesand results are good year-to-date. Cereal share is up half a point through the first six monthsand retail sales have benefited from strong baseline growth on key establishedbrands like Multi-Grain Cheerios and Fiber One as well as successful newproduct launches including Fruity Cheerios. In the granola bar category, we captured share leadershipfor the first time, driven by two new product lines, Second Cup Cafe Delightsand Nature Valley Fiber source. In Europe, the UK brands represent more than halfof our net sales. The UK wasthe leading contributor to topline growth with strong sales of Nature Valleygranola bars and Old El Paso Mexican foods. And France generated double-digit salesgrowth in the second quarter led by Häagen-Dazs. Moving to the Asia Pacific region, it was a record year for Häagen-Dazsmooncakes in Chinawith sales up 30% over last year. Mooncakes are a traditional Chinese treat,given as a gift during the Mid-Autumn Festival. This year we estimate that 10%of Shanghai'sfive million or so household's preordered this specialty ice cream mooncakefrom Häagen-Dazs during the two week festival this past September. Growth in greater Chinawas also bolstered by the launch of new flavors of Wanchai Ferry frozendumplings and our expansion into the Taiwan market. Indiawas among the good contributors to topline growth in this region. PillsburyAtta flour, used in traditional Indian cooking, posted good double-digitgrowth. And growth in Australiaespecially for branded retail products like Old El Paso and Latina Pasta's wasgood as well driven by increased investment in advertising and distributiongains. Before I leave the Asia-Pacific region, let me commentbriefly on recent news from our Häagen-Dazs joint venture in Japan. Two new indulgent ice creamdesserts called Dolce were launched there this year. Dolce has become thelargest new product introduction in Häagen-Dazs history. Annual sales areprojected to reach $70 million and we estimate that 50% of these sales are fromconsumers new to the Häagen-Dazs brand. Finally in Latin America, we have some strong regionalbrands that are performing well, such as Diablitos meat spread in Venezuela and La Salteña bread products in Argentina. Looking to the second half of fiscal 2008, we expect to seecontinued net sales growth across our regions driven by momentum on our basebusinesses and new product introductions. We have pricing and productivityinitiatives in progress to offset commodity inflation. So as a result, weanticipate double-digit sales and earnings growth for our internationalbusiness in 2008. At this point I'll turn you back over to Ken to wrap-up ourcomments this morning.
Ken Powell: Okay, Chris, thank you for that. So with our good first halfperformance and our expectations for the second half, I'd summarize the 2008operating outlook for General Mills this way. We are excited about the momentumof many of our businesses and we expect our good topline results to continue;fueled by additional new product introductions, selected pricing actions andongoing investment in brand building activities. And we continue to expect consumer spending for the year tobe up high single digits. And for the year, in total, we now estimate that ournet sales will grow at a mid single digit rate, exceeding our long-term goal oflow single digit growth. We expect to see higher input cost inflation in the secondhalf and full year inflation will be greater than originally estimated.However, we expect to offset this with our good first half performance,additional pricing and increased productivity savings. This will keep us ontrack to deliver mid single digit growth in segment operating profits for theyear. And so, we continue to target high single digit EPS growth, again, in2008. Our EPS guidance for this year remains $3.39 to $3.43 per shares. So that concludes our prepared remarks this morning. I willask the operator to now open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And the first question comes from the line of JonathanFeeney from Wachovia Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia Securities: Thank you. Happy Holidays.
Kris Wenker: You too.
Ken Powell: Happy Holidays, Jonathan.
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia Securities: Ken, I guess there's a lot of concern about the consumerwallet out there. You guys are taking some substantial price mix to offset thiscost inflation. Are you worried about consumer pushback, either in the form ofleaving any of your US Retail categories or trade down to private label inthose US Retail categories in your conversations with the retailers or the dataover the past quarter?
Ken Powell: Jonathan, I would say we're not worried about that. You'reseeing that we've had growth in all of our divisions through the first half.Also, I think there is so much in the news about inflation across commoditiesand dairy and energy that I don't think consumers are all that surprised by theprice increases that they're seeing scattered across the grocery store. We're not seeing long or difficult conversations with ourcustomers about the pricing that we've taken. And so, I think that there is anexpectation that prices are going to go up some in the food area because ofinput costs. And we're really not seeing right now on the retail side anyresistance or slowdown that we would attribute to pricing. I think if you look on the Foodservice side of the business,there, with the tracking mechanisms that we have, we maybe seeing a little bitof shift in that sector, a little bit of shift away maybe from casual dining,and maybe more towards quick-serve restaurants where you can eat for less. Soyou might be seeing the beginnings of a change there, but I wouldn't call itpronounced at this point.
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia Securities: Ken, is there a margin mix issue there? I mean if, say, wedo go within Foodservice from causal dining towards US R's, does that affectyour business any meaningfully?
Ken Powell: It wouldn't be a margin mix issue for us there, Jonathan.
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia Securities: Okay. Just finally, if you wouldn't mind, when you talk aboutmid single digit revenue growth for '08, what kind of volume growth maybe in USRetail are you thinking about roughly to support that mid single digit revgrowth?
Ken Powell: Well, we're about flat, I think, through the first half ofthe year, and I think we would expect to see that or maybe a little better overthe course of the rest of the year. And then of course, we have the pricingthat we've taken. We told you generally that we think we'll be taking morepricing in the second half. And I think that the combination of stable volumeand the pricing that we anticipate, well, we're pretty comfortable that that'sgoing to get us to that mid-single-digit revenue growth.
Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia Securities: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of EricSerotta from Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Serotta -Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Ken Powell: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Serotta -Merrill Lynch: I just want to --- good morning. I just want to follow up onJohn's question regarding topline growth and volumes in particular. Can youmention, volumes are about flattish through the fiscal first half? This quarterin US Retail, they were down slightly. I'm wondering whether you could give us some color as towhat kind of an impact some of the one-off items like the Totino's Recall -- Iwouldn't call this a one-off item, but the "Right Size, Right Price" initiativein which you're shipping fewer pounds in cereal had on volumes for the firsthalf? And overall, how would you describe or how wouldcharacterize the volume performance versus your expectations? Are you seeingany elasticity impact from the pricing that you have taken?
Ken Powell: Well, Eric, thank you for asking that question and also in away for partly answering it. I don't know that we have a very detailed -- wedon't have it. But some of it was the Totino's Recall, which fell right tosmack in the middle of the second quarter. And then I think more importantly isRight Size and Right Price, which you alluded to. And here, this is adeliberate reduction in tonnage that was sort of a fundamental part of thatactivity. Recall that we reduced the average size of the cereal box aspart of that initiative by about 10%, and we reduced prices by kind of amid-single-digit level as well. So there was a reduction in tonnage. And Ithink we are starting to see that here in the second quarter. Now, in terms of the "Right Size, Right Price" Ithink we would say that we're very happy with how that's worked. The executionhas been virtually flawless. We hit the pricing targets that we had for thatinitiative. And I think most importantly, we are seeing a shift in mix in ourBig G cereal business. So, we are seeing more baseline sales growth now afterthe implementation of "Right Size, Right Price". And overall, we areseeing net sales growth of -- I think it's, what, 3% to 4% through the firsthalf, 3% in the second quarter. So, while there is a tonnage reduction in cereal area, we'requite pleased with how the whole "Right Size, Right Price" initiativehas played out for us. And then, like I just said to Jonathan, I wouldn't saythat we are seeing at this point any resistance to the pricing that we'vetaken. I think another category I might highlight to illustrate thepoint is yogurt, where, as you know, this summer, we took a mid-single-digitprice increase. And in the second quarter, we've actually seen our yogurtbusiness accelerate to about the 10% growth in sales. So, we are not reallyseeing it out there today.
Eric Serotta -Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then to follow up on commodity costs, we are nowmore than half way through fiscal '08. I've realized that commodity costs seemto be changing daily here. But, could you give us some sense as to yourvisibility or coverage for fiscal 2009? Have you been opportunistic or haveopportunities arisen to lay in some hedges? Knowing what we know today, shouldwe expect to see any sort of step change in the rate of commodity inflation forfiscal '09 versus fiscal '08 as some of the favorable hedges that you had thisyear roll off?
Ken Powell: Well let me begin, Eric, by saying that first of all weexpect this general inflationary environment that we've been in for the last 4or 5 years and we've seen inflation run at 4% to 5% to continue into theforeseeable future and the reason for that is global economic growth which iscreating really strong demand for all these basic commodities. So, we expectthat environment to continue. And as you know, this is something that we'vebeen working hard on and focusing on for several years with a very major efforton productivity. So, we don't see any of those factors or our approach to itchanging. In terms of '09 itself, I think you’re right. I mean, withthe volatility that we're seeing in those markets right now, I think it wouldnot be wise for me to predict what's going to happen 6 or 12 months from now.But, we think we're going to see a continuing inflation.
Eric Serotta -Merrill Lynch: Okay. Well, thanks a lot and have a great holiday.
Kris Wenker: Yeah. Eric, let’s ask Don to give you a little bit of anupdate on what we are seeing for the rest of F'08. Because, certainly we'vetaken a look what that commodity cost number is for this year and we've put ona little coverage. You want to flush that out?
Don Mulligan: Eric, we've extended our coverage for the year where bothacross energy and commodities grew about 85% covered where we are not isbecause we do think there will be some spot buying opportunities in the backpart of the year. The inflation that Ken alluded to for this year of 5% to gointo 7%, 2 points higher and our plan is largely back loaded. But, as Ken alsoalluded to, given our strong first half our top-line momentum, some pricingthat will be taken, some additional productivity that we have identified andare already acting upon, we can so reaffirm our full year guidance for F'08.
Eric Serotta -Merrill Lynch: Okay. And just to clarify two quick points on that. The 85%covered on energy and commodity, is that 85% covered on energy and hedgeablecommodities or is that 85% overall?
Don Mulligan: Hedgeable commodities.
Eric Serotta -Merrill Lynch: Okay. And on the second point, the increase from 5% to 7% inoverall inflation, what does that equate to on? I realize this isn'tapples-to-apples. But, what you guys are looking for in terms of input cost andfuel? I think you originally put out up $275 million for the year, is thatthree and a quarter now?
Don Mulligan: The initial guidance was 250, that is roughly $75 millionhigher now with the current estimate.
Eric Serotta -Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line ofRobert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Hi, Good morning.
Ken Powell: Hi, Rob.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: My question is, I seem to recall from last quarter that theexpectation was, especially after coming of a 5% sales growth number for Big G,that you might expect kind of the reverse with consumption picking up and thennet sales on a shipment basis coming down a little bit. Did that, it seems likethat didn't quite happen the way that you thought, maybe the retail consumptionwas a little bit lower than what you thought it would be. But at the same timeyour shipments actually looked okay, so did the quarter come out differentlythan the way you thought for Big G?
Ken Powell: I think I would say it’s maybe a little better than wethought in terms of net sales and we did have some, as you know, Rob, we didhave some inventory that we signaled at the end of the first quarter, butretail sales through the first half are running around 3%, over 3% for thequarter. And so, I think our retail momentum is pretty solid and shipments at4% through the first half of the year, okay, a little bit ahead of that but Imean, I think that that gap is narrowing, there's probably still some inventoryto work through, but I think we're working through it and its retail sales area little better than we thought and so I think, we'll just continue to workthrough that in the second half, but at this point, I think, it’s mostly behindus.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Okay and are you going to do any kind of consumer testing,post the "Right Size" initiative, just to check again with consumersto see if they notice the difference or if they care. I know you have lot,since you have lot of anecdotal evidence already that transition is okay.
Ken Powell: We've been doing that, Rob on an ongoing basis. We have beenchecking with consumers in a variety of ways and again I think you said, didn'tnotice and don't care, and I would say that's a pretty good accuratecharacterization. They really haven't noticed it, the cereal box changes, Ithink as you guys, as we showed you when we were right in the middle of this,we are pretty subtle and so our consumers haven't really noticed. But theyhave, in aggregate, noticed that our prices have come down a little bit and aswe modeled and as we predicted that's resulting in some baseline strength onthat core cereal line and we are very encouraged by that.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Okay and then lastly, in terms of working capital, your coreworking capital is up 12%. You are now saying it is going to grow little fasterthan sales. Do you have any changes in your expectations for cash flow for theyear, you are also down in terms of cash flow for the first half?
Don Mulligan: Rob this is Don. We expected to generate again anotherstrong year cash flow with a little bit of pressure from the working capital,which will be more of a use than a year ago. As we look at our use of cash forCapEx or dividend and for share repurchase that small movement or smallvariance to plan in working capital is not going to change our plans in thoseregards. So we are still confident in our planned use of cash.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Can you remind me, is there a guidance for operating cashflow for the year?
Don Mulligan: No.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: No. Okay. All right, well, thank you very much.
Don Mulligan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and the next question comes from the line ofTerry Bivens from Bear Stearns. Please proceed with your question.
Terry Bivens - BearStearns: Good morning, everyone.
Ken Powell: Hi, Terry.
Terry Bivens - BearStearns: And happy holidays out there from me as well. First a quickquestion on the overseas operation. I noticed Green Giant wasn't on the slide.Has there been some change there? I thought that was one of your overseaspillars of growth.
Ken Powell: Green Giant is still one of our businesses. It's a regionalbusiness for us, Terry. What I was highlighting was the three global platformsthat I first started talking about last year at [CATNEY] that being superpremium ice cream, world cuisine and healthy snacking, our Green Giant businessaround the globe is healthy and we are looking for opportunities to expand it.But it's not something that we see as a global platform for us.
Terry Bivens - BearStearns: Okay. That sounds like a little bit less than a rangeendorsement of that brand. Moving on to Cereal and this would be my lastquestion. Ken, thinking about your remarks, you're basically saying "RightSize, Right Prices" out there now.
Ken Powell: That's correct.
Terry Bivens - BearStearns: Okay
Ken Powell: Absolutely. It's out there and it's done.
Terry Bivens - BearStearns: Okay. My question is this, we were just looking at some dataon some of your innovation of late. Obviously, there is always an uptick as youare introducing stuff and it always bleeds off a little bit, then hopefully, itwill grow. But how would you characterize the way you are feeling about yourinnovation with some of the new stuff? Are you satisfied with it? Do you thinkyou need to put forth a bigger effort there? I just like to get your idea onthat.
Ken Powell: I feel quite good about it, Terry. This year, in the firstquarter, we launched Oat Clusters Crunch Cheerios, which has been a goodsuccess for us, Chocolate Chex and Curves. And I would say all of thoseproducts are in line with expectations. We always get a huge trial when welaunch a Cheerios flanker. And that was no different for the one that we justlaunched. Chocolate Chex and Curves are a little bit smaller, but verymuch in line with expectation. Curves, I think, as you know, we launched both acereal and a bar. And those products are building. Those are moreadults-oriented products. And typically, the pattern there is a slower trial buildthat we like. We like that franchise, and we think there's going to be anopportunity for us to expand and grow that Curves business. As you know, we'repartnering with the Curves chain of fitness centers on that product, which isthe largest chain of fitness centers in the country. So, we feel good about the innovation that we've had incereals so far this year. There will be more new products coming, but we thinkso far so good. As we look beyond cereal to the rest of the portfolio, I wouldsay, again, we've had very strong innovation this last year. Chris talked aboutsome of the Häagen-Dazs innovation coming out of Japan. This Dulce product has beena real hit. 0 Point Soup has been, in these early days, a very hot product forus. We're very excited about that. And so, I would say, also we've just extended our WarmDelights business in Betty Crocker with Warm Delights Minis. That product isoff to a good start. Our yogurts are off to a good start. So we feel quite goodabout the innovation that we have. It's more incremental. The margins arebetter. And so, all-in-all, we like the direction we're going in.
Terry Bivens - BearStearns: Okay. Thanks for that. And just one last quick thing. I amjust looking at some IRI data, I can see that your base sales are pretty muchtracking where you said they were in Big G. It does show promotional down by apretty significant amount, mid-teens. I understand why that would be lookingbackward. Looking forward, I think you alluded in your remarks that promotionalspending will be up on the brand or at least more promotions. Is that really afunction of just kind of returning to business as normal now that you have thenew shelves set in place? Is that kind of what you were getting at, doing yournormal promotions on cereal?
Ken Powell: Well, that's right, Terry. First of all, I want to confirmthat the gap, I think, in the first half, if you will, that has been ourpromotional and merchandising pressure and it has been a little bit behind ofwhat we expected. And so, that's been really the shortfall there.
Terry Bivens - BearStearns: Right.
Ken Powell: And going forward, we want to fine tune and adjust that aswe get the whole in "Right Size, Right Price" initiative, absolutelylocked in on shelf as we do now. We'll fine tune that promotional spending andjust make sure that it's right and at the right levels, bearing in mind alwaysthat we are happy with the kind of merchandising price points that we see inthe category, which have risen slowly over the last year-and-a-half and we likethat trend. So, we're not going to play around with that at all. I think it will be more focusing on getting the quality ofperformance and have our sales force focused more on execution than maybe theywere in the first half when they were heavily preoccupied with getting that"Right Size, Right Price" initiative executed.
Terry Bivens - BearStearns: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you. And again, happy holidays toeveryone.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of BillLeach from Neuberger Berman. Please proceed with your question.
Bill Leach -Neuberger Berman: Good morning. Don, could you run through the non-recurringitems again slowly? You have a lot of things, which I didn't quite catch intothe Totino's, the restructuring. I think you mentioned the commodity hedge andthe capital gain.
Don Mulligan: Yes, there were a few moving pieces. Let's get those listedout. We had $20 million charge for the Totino's Recall that was largelyessentially $19 million [indiscernible] in our gross margin.
Bill Leach -Neuberger Berman: Okay.
Don Mulligan: We had $17 million in associated cost, which was associatedwith our restructuring. There was accelerated depreciation that was in ourgross margin. And then, within our corporate unallocated, we had $15 millionbenefit from our mark-to-market on commodity hedges.
Bill Leach -Neuberger Berman: Okay.
Don Mulligan: The new accounting treatment that we started at thebeginning of this fiscal year where we no longer apply FAS 133. We also had an$11 million gain on the sale of a corporate investment. We also had a smalldifference in our restructuring cost in this year and last year. With thisyear, it was $3 million charge. Last year, it was a $1 million income.
Bill Leach -Neuberger Berman: So total restructuring was $20 million?
Kris Wenker: That's right.
Don Mulligan: The total restructuring this year between the cost and grossmargin and cost of restructuring were $20 million, correct.
Bill Leach -Neuberger Berman: And what is your guidance assuming in terms of thesenon-recurring items in the second half?
Don Mulligan: The restructuring, our guidance for the full year was $41million, which is $48 million in restructuring charges offset by a $7 millionin gains from the sale of excess property from one of last year'srestructurings, $41 million. That is $3 million higher for the full year wewould have guided in last quarter. And that's because we took one additionalaction in the second quarter to close our Poplar, Wisconsin manufacturingfacility.
Bill Leach -Neuberger Berman: And you are not assuming any more commodity hedge gains orcapital gains in your guidance?
Don Mulligan: Well, there will be some, but it's going to depend on wherethe markets are. And as Ken alluded to, I'm no more contemplating what they'regoing to be at any quarter-end or yearend than he is. So there will be somecommodity hedge mark-to-market gain or loss, depending on our position eachquarter-end going forward that will distinctly identify what that is. For thefull year, if we look at our guidance, we assume that we would be net neutralfor the year. So, if there is a plus or minus, first that number that wouldcome through in the year end results.
Bill Leach -Neuberger Berman: Okay. Sorry, go ahead.
Kris Wenker: I would add one other thing. Somebody asked me this questionearlier today, whether there was any more Right Sized, Right Priced expense inthe quarter, and the answer is yes. If you remember, we said that the year onecost for that was $30 million, $17 million of it fell in the first quarter.There is another $8 million in the second quarter. So, that leaves 5 just burnthrough the back half somewhere.
Bill Leach -Neuberger Berman: Okay. And Don, looks like your option expense was about$31.5 million pre-tax in the quarter, is that right?
Don Mulligan: Excuse me.
Bill Leach -Neuberger Berman: Your non-cash option charge? Just looking at your cash flowstatement, your stock based compensation charge?
Kris Wenker: I think its 31 or 32. Just a second, I am looking.
Bill Leach -Neuberger Berman: Yeah.
Don Mulligan: Well, I am flipping through pages quickly here.
Kris Wenker: Yeah. It's 32 in the quarter versus 28 in the same period.
Bill Leach -Neuberger Berman: All right. That will help a little bit.
Don Mulligan: Little over 10% for the quarter.
Bill Leach -Neuberger Berman: Okay. Thanks a lot. And have a good Christmas.
Kris Wenker: You, too.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line ofAlexia Howard from Stanford Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard -Stanford Bernstein: Thank you. Hello, everybody.
Ken Powell: Hi, Alexia.
Kris Wenker: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Howard -Stanford Bernstein: Hi, two quick ones. First of all, just following on fromTerry Bivens question on innovation. Do you set out goals for what percentageof sales from your products you'd like to get to and where are you at themoment in respect to those goals? Because it does seems as though there hasbeen amount set off in the kind of incremental innovation that you put outthere in the last, I guess, few quarters now.
Ken Powell: Alexia, we aim to hit around 5% from new products in eachyear. And it can bounce around slightly from that. And I would say this year weare tracking very much in-line with that goal, maybe a little bit ahead ofthat. But, in addition to that sort of broad volume and sales goal we have veryspecific goals for the incrementality of the new products. We want to make surethat we are introducing items that are really offering a new benefit andbringing new consumers into our franchises, and this is a measure that we'vefocused on over the last three years and we are seeing progressive improvementsin this measure. Another key measure for us is margin and we want these newproducts to be either margin neutral or margin accretive and this is anotherarea where we had high focus. And again, we are seeing very consistentimprovements in our performance in this area. So, we actually have quite anumber of ways that we look at these new products and measure and monitor them.And we are feeling quite good with the direction that we are heading in on bothincrementality and profitability.
Alexia Howard -Stanford Bernstein: Great. And then another real quick one. You have been verytransparent in describing the merchandizing strategy around Big G Cereals. Canyou give us any thoughts on what the strategy is going forward on the soupsbusiness? It's been growing extremely rapidly in the first half, very stronginnovation there with low calorie piece. What time going forward are we goingto see the same kind of levels of trade support or how do you see that businessdeveloping in the second half?
Ken Powell: I would say, very broadly speaking what we have seen in thesoup category over the last couple of years has been a movement away from deepdiscounting across a high number of multiples and we are very happy with thattrend and expect to continue in that direction. Our core strategy in our soupbusiness is baseline building through advertising, good advertising, expansionof distribution and remember, it wasn't that long ago that Progresso soup andProgresso Foods business was primarily a northeastern based business and so westill have lots of distribution opportunities around the central and thewestern US. And then, finally, our new product innovation, last year welaunched low sodium soups, which have been a success for us. And now this yearwe have the zero point soup, which also looks like it's going to be a success.So our game is expanding distribution, base line building advertising and whatwe think have been very exciting new products coupled with the appropriatelevel of merchandise.
Alexia Howard -Stanford Bernstein: Great, okay, thank you very much, I will pass it on.
Kris Wenker: And, Alexia I'll just throw one factoid in their baselinegrowth for soup for us in the first half was 11%.
Alexia Howard -Stanford Bernstein: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you and the next question comes from the line of Eric Katzmanfrom Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Ken Powell: Hi Eric, how are you.
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: I've got a few questions, I guess first, Ken, you aresuggesting that the input cost inflation situation is going to stick with usfor the foreseeable future, I agree with that. Make the cases as to why youshould stick with the back of the house Foodservice baking operation. That wasreally on Steve and Jim's watch, you were going to consolidate that category,it's not going to happen or it's not worth it and it seems like in Foodservice,you are always going to be trailing the inflation curve?
Ken Powell: Yeah, well, I think that our very, very clear directionwhich we've articulated a number of times in that Foodservice business, Eric,is that we are focusing on our branded business, we are focusing on thedistributor led segment, which is delivering those products to schools,hospitals, business cafeterias, that sort of thing. That is very, very clearlythe focus of that business along with other baked goods where we have scale andinnovation that gives us margins that we like. So that is the focus. If you look at what we have done overthe last three or four years we have significantly restructured that business,I don't have the numbers right in front of me but I believe we've reduced thenumber of manufacturing locations by half. We've reduced the number of SKUs by half and most of thepieces that we sold off have been back of the house. Our baked bread, otherbaked goods these kinds of things. And so without predicting specifically whatwe're going to do in the future, I think it's pretty clear by what we've saidand by our actions in the past that how we are trying to redirect thatbusiness.
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Okay. Then also kind of as a follow up, I also think it'sreasonable for you to kind of take your sales target up and kind of assume alittle lower or if any margin expansion given the input environment. But Iguess maybe this question is for Don. If inflation keeps raging and workingcapital is more of a use over time, does that mean that we should assume freecash flow grows at a lower rate than net income?
Don Mulligan: I think not necessarily, Eric. I think that your point onkind of where sales growth is going to be and the margins, as Ken alluded to,we have a very robust internal process we call holistic margin management,which is aimed at addressing the margin challenges and inflation challenge thatwe face today, and has been working for us very effectively for the past threeto four years where we have been able to increase our gross margins and ouroperating margins even after increasing our consumer spend year-over-year. Wehave a little pinch, and this quarter we will certainly, I think, believe, fillout to the balance of this year. So I think that the opportunity for us in terms of growingour operating profits at mid-single-digits could be more price and mix balanceas we've seen this year, that's a probability certainly in the near term as wesee the inflation come through. Turning to the cash flow, we're going to continue toaggressively manage our balance sheet, and our commitment is to continue to useour cash, continue to use our share count like 2% of average per year, notnecessarily each and every year, but over time, as well as increase ourdividend with our earnings growth. And as we project forward our cash position,we're very confident of our ability to deliver those cash back to theshareholder while still reinvesting in the business at a rate that we believeis the right pace, which is roughly about 4% of sales in terms of capitalreinvestment.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. MaybeI'll follow on that one offline. But last question is, we've been kind ofhearing there is some speculation, and it wouldn't surprise me, given thateverybody in this business has to raise prices, but Kellogg's is looking toraise prices in cereal at the start of the new year. One, can you talk about that? Have you heard about that? Andhow does that kind of fit in with your move just recently on the weight out. Imean, are we going to like go to one box one flake or would it be a listpricing increase? And I just kind of wonder if there is a list price increasein the industry, how you kind of handle that, given what you just did with theretailers?
Ken Powell: Well, I think the first point I would like to make is, Ithink we've to let Kellogg's talk about what they are going to do, and I don'twant to speculate on that. Having said that, clearly we are in an environmentwhere there is a significant commodity and cost of good inflation. We'vealready told you very directly that we will have more pricing in the second half.And we are very closely monitoring opportunities that we may have across all ofour business segments. And as we have those detailed conversations with ourcustomers about precisely what we are going to do, we will then communicatewith you the details of the plan for the rest of the year.
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Okay. All right. See you in early January, I guess.
Kris Wenker: Yes, operator, let's try and take two more calls. And then,I apologize to anybody who is further in the queue, but we are kind of a littlepast time here. I'm going to try and grab two more of you. Can you each ask onequestion each, so we can get two more on here?
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line ofEdgar Roesch from Banc of America Securities. Please proceed.
Edgar Roesch - Bancof AmericaSecurities: Good morning. One quick follow-up on the input cost outlook.I mean, you had the 5% target for the year previously. Don, maybe you couldspeak to this, but was that second half weighted in the first place? And now,even if you are expecting 5% in the back half now with the increase to 7 thatimplies, I guess, a 9% increase for the second half. Can you just tell me ifit's second half weighted in the original outlook?
Don Mulligan: It was a bit second half weighted in the original outlook.It's clearly much more second half weighted now where most of our variants toour expectations is falling in the second half. So, most of that $75 millionincreased cost I alluded to is falling in our second half.
Edgar Roesch - Bancof AmericaSecurities: Okay. Thank you. And I'll stick with the one question.Thanks.
Kris Wenker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line ofAndrew Lazar from Lehman Brothers. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Good morning.
Ken Powell: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: I'm kind of wondering with the industry having to playcatch-up around costs all this time in terms of pricing, why isn't the industryor General Mills able to or try to take pricing, frankly, ahead overall this tothe extent you need to sort of price some of it back if the time comes asyou've managed that price line balance, you can do so. But, I’m wondering whythere is a constant sort of game of catch-up?
Ken Powell: Well, I think, Andrew, as we went into this year, we said wewould have $250 million input cost inflation, which was significantly ahead ofwhat we had the previous year, and I think some of you were surprised that weforecast that level of inflation for the year and we took it up to 5%. And so,we thought we had a line of sight on accelerating inflation for this year andour business plan called for much more aggressive pricing than we've seen inthe last couple of years. I mean the bottom-line is, it's just been, I think, morethan we saw or any other saw, and now we are trying to catch up. We have to dothis and there is a competitive world out there. But, we are catching up and weare very focused on this. And what I can tell you is that you will continue tosee pricing from us for the rest of the year.
Andrew Lazar - LehmanBrothers: Great. Thanks very much.
Kris Wenker: Thank you everybody and I apologize to those you that wedidn't get to. Please call me and I'll try and get your questions answered.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference callfor today. We thank you for your participation, and ask that you pleasedisconnect your line.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-09-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kris Wenker - VP of IR  Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and CEO  Donal L. Mulligan - Sr. VP and CFO  Kendall J. Powell - President and COO 
Analysts: Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets  David Palmer - UBS  Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch  Todd Duvick - Banc of America  Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers  Christopher Growe - AG Edwards & Sons, Inc.  Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns  Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities  Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse  David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research  Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities  Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan  Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the General Mills First Quarter Fiscal 2008 Results Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, September 19th, 2007.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kris Wenker, Vice President of Investor Relations for General Mills. Please go ahead. 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. Good morning everybody. I am here with Steve Sanger our Chairman and CEO; Ken Powell, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Don Mulligan, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I am going to turn you over to all of them in just a minute.  First, I've got to cover my usual housekeeping items. The press release on first quarter results was issued over the wire services earlier this morning. It's posted to our website, if you still need a copy of that. We have also posted slides on our website that supplement today's prepared remarks. The conference call will include forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions. The second slide in today's presentation lists factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates.  And with that, I will turn you over to Steve. 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Kris, and thanks to all of you who have joined us this morning. As you can see from the financial results that we released today General Mills continues to generate good growth and operating momentum in fiscal 2008.  Slide 4, summarizes results for our first quarter. Net sales grew 7%; segment operating profit increased 9%; earnings after tax rose 8%; and earnings per share grew 9% to reach $0.81 for the quarter. Margin expansion remains a focus area for us, and our efforts continue to produce results. Our first quarter gross margin represented a 40 basis point gain versus the comparable period a year ago. Our segment operating profit margin expanded as well.  This operating margin growth includes a strong increase in consumer marketing. You can see on slide 6 our first quarter consumer expense grew 11% this year, and that was on top of an 8% increase last year; and now on the bottom-line, diluted earnings per share of $0.81 for our first quarter represented a 9% gain, which also came on top of a strong growth in last year's first quarter.  So, I'd summarize our first quarter performance this way. We had broad based sales growth across our businesses. Our operating profit grew at good rates in all three of our business segments; US Retail, International, and Bakeries & Foodservice, and in the process we expanded our margins, and invested in consumer marketing to build our brands going forward.  With this good start we expect to meet our objectives for the full year, and I will say a little bit more about that and about our annual outlook in a few minutes, but first I want to turn you over to Don Mulligan for more details on our financial results, and following that Ken Powell, will provide some operating highlights for the quarter. So, Don? 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. This is my first quarterly results calls, and I am glad to have some great numbers to report. Let's start on the top-line of the income statement; our 7% sales growth in the first quarter reflects solid volume gains up 3%. Price and mix contributed an additional 3 percentage points of growth, and foreign exchange added one point.  On a segment basis, US Retail sales were up 6% and the International segment posted 19% growth. Bakeries & Foodservice sales declined slightly in the quarter as reported, but that's due to discontinued product lines. Sales for continuing product lines grew 2%.  Slide 12 shows you the detail of our segment operating profit. US Retail profit increased 6%; International profits grew double-digits and so do the profits for Bakeries & Foodservice. Now when you look at our profit growth in dollars; our US Retail business generates just over half of the total. The remaining profit growth came from International and Bakeries & Foodservice segments.  Restructuring, impairment, and other exit costs totaled $14 million in the quarter compared to $2 million of income last year. And with higher debt levels our interest expense was up 8% this quarter.  Our tax rate in the first quarter was 3 percentage points lower than last year. This decrease was primarily due to foreign and other tax credits. We still expect that our annual effective tax rate will be between 34.5% and 35%. The benefits from this quarter's tax rate was largely offset by a reduction in net earnings used to calculate EPS. This reduction was due to $8 million of capital appreciation earned by holders of the B1 minority interest we repurchased during the quarter. Net capital appreciation is a reduction in retained earnings and is excluded from net earnings available to common shareholders. So, our diluted EPS is calculated from net earnings of $281 million not the full $289 million earned in the quarter.  After tax earnings from our joint ventures totaled $22 million in the quarter, like last year's first quarter, these results include $2 million after tax charge related to previously announced CPW restructuring in the UK. Excluding those charges in both years, joint venture profits grew 14% to $24 million.  We are continuing to buyback shares in line with our goal of reducing net shares outstanding by an average of 2% per year. In the first quarter of fiscal 2008, we repurchased 20.9 million shares at an average price of just over $58. This is a somewhat higher level of activity compared to prior first quarters, that's because we do expect to issue approximately 14 million shares in October under a forward contract that we have with Lehman. Lehman will pay us $750 million in cash, which we will use to reduce debt that we took out in the first quarter to support these share repurchases. We remain untracked to meet our 2008 goal of 353 million average diluted shares outstanding, which would be 2% below last year's average shares. That's net of stock options and net of the shares to be issued next month.  Let's move from the income statement to the balance sheet and core working capital items. In total core working capital was up 6% versus last year. The increased inventories balance reflects higher grain inventory prices and levels, as well as increased levels of finished goods. On a trailing 12-months basis, core working capital grew slightly less that our growth in net sales in line with our expectations. For the full year we expect core working capital growth to be in line with sales growth.  I'll next highlight a shift on our balance sheet that has simplified our capital structure. We repurchased a net $897 million of minority interest during the quarter. The repurchase in our share buybacks were funded with commercial paper, which will increase debt for the quarter. Next month we expect to pay down some of this debt with the cash from Lehman. And so at the end of fiscal 2008, we expect total debt plus minority interest to be down versus last year that consistent with a guidance of mid single-digit growth in interest expense for the year that we gave you in June.  Our operating activities generated $20 million in cash in the first quarter, compared to $111 million last year. The change reflects increased working capital use due to seasonal increases in core working capital, and decreases in other current liabilities, primarily from payments for interest and compensation and benefits.  Dividends grew to $132 million in a quarter reflecting two increases in the quarterly rate. Capital expenditures totaled $68 million for the quarter. We continue to estimate that for the full year capital spending will total $575 million, including capacity additions to support growth we are seeing in our businesses such as grain snacks and yogurt, as well as productivity projects.  So, our financial results for the quarter were strong led by growth in net sales and operating profits. Our capital structure was simplified by the repurchase of minority interest. And for the full year we are on track with our uses of cash including share repurchases, dividends, and capital expenditures.  With that, I'll turn it over to Ken, for some details on operating performance. Ken? 
Kendall J. Powell - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, Don, and good morning to one and all. Let me highlight what's driving our operating momentum beginning with the US Retail business. As you heard earlier, both US Retail net sales and operating profits increased 6% in the first quarter.  Slide 23 gives you our net sales growth by division for the first quarter. As you can see net sales are up from the prior year for our six largest divisions. Only Small Planet Foods showed a slight sale declined and that was against strong growth of 34% in the first quarter of fiscal 2007.  Earlier this month, we provided you with an update on Big G Cereals. Net sales for this business grew 5% in the first quarter, in part this growth reflects the good execution of our initiative to reduce box sizes, align suggested retail prices, and increase price per ounce across our Big G Cereal line. At this point in the conversion, more than 80% of Big G packages scanned and checkout are the new boxes. We're also seeing solid reflection of the new suggested retail prices on shelve. And through this period of transition our customer service levels have remained very high.  Slide 24 shows our new cereal products; Cheerios Crunch, Chocolate Chex and Curves that launched recently. These products contributed to our net sales growth in the first quarter, but they've not yet had a significant impact on Nelson reported retail sales. Advertising supporting these launches is just beginning to run this month.  Yoplait posted net sales growth of 3% in the first quarter led by core 6-ounce cup lines. We just shipped several new products. Yo-Plus probiotic yogurt, Yoplait Kids beverages with Omega 3 and Fizzix carbonated yoghurt. So, their full impact on results is yet to come. Yoplait's second quarter will include strong levels of consumer support. Media weight on core cup business will be up double-digit versus last year, plus there will be dedicated media supporting our new products.  September and October are also the months of our annual Save Lids to Save Lives promotion supporting breast cancer research. We expect these consumer marketing initiatives to drive good retail sales performance for Yoplait in the second quarter.  Our Progresso soup line grew retail sales 16% in the first quarter, and base lines were up 12%. The recent launch of Progresso Light soups, which carry a zero-point endorsement from Weight Watchers, is off to a strong start, and we have an array of other new products from the Meals division, including offerings from Green Giant and the new Wanchai Ferry Chinese dinner kits.  Our grain snacks business continues to post substantial growth, up 39% in measured channels. This growth has been generated by, both, the core Nature Valley granola bars, as well as newer products like Fiber One bars, and we have generated good share growth so far consistently during this calendar year.  The first quarter was another good quarter for our Fruit Snacks business, up 3% lead by the Fruit Roll-Ups franchise including the new Stackers product. We've been showing good market share growth in this business too.  Pillsbury also generated growth in retail sales across its portfolio. Refrigerated dough sales were up 4% driven by Sweet Rolls and Cookie Dough as well as new products like Pillsbury Simply Bake bars and Flaky Cinnamon Twists.  Totino's Frozen Pizza and Hot Snacks, both delivered strong growth in the quarter, and retail sales for toaster strudel were up double-digit and that's a continuation of the strong growth on this business since we renewed advertising support.  In our baking products division, innovation has been a key driver of our good results. We brought new convenience to establish categories like Pancake Mixes and Desserts, and supported those launches with consumer spending. Here you can see the turnaround on Bisquick with the launch of Shake 'n' Pour Bisquick and Heart Smart Bisquick, which generated 10% growth last year. And the first quarter of this year was strong again, with sales up 10% in retail channel, where we have data.  Looking forward to the second quarter, we planned a significant increase in media wave against our US Retail businesses. Our GRPs will be up double-digit. The quarter is also an annually strong time for consumer promotions with Box Tops for back-to-school period as well as Yoplait Save Lids to Save Lives campaign. This year we have more brands turning pink. Our new initiative Pink for the Cure is a cross-category promotion with more than 10 brands participating, including, Cheerios, Progresso, Nature Valley and Pillsbury, which will raise additional funds for breast cancer research.  So overall, US Retail generated good top line growth to start fiscal year 2008. And heading into the second quarter, our consumer spending ramps up in support of our new product launches to drive further growth.  Let me shift to bakeries and food service, where we continue to focus on our most profitable products and channels, and with good results. We have proactively managed our mix by exiting a handful of businesses over the past year, as a result, first quarter net sales were down 1% but segment operating profit for Bakeries and Foodservice was up 17%. And as Don mentioned earlier, sales for continuing product lines grew in the quarter.  Our Bakeries and Foodservice segment sells to multiple channels. In convenient stores Snacks, including new products like Caramel Bugles and Hot 'n Spicy Chex Mix, continue to generate growth. We are also excited about our second quarter of launch of Pillsbury Sweet Minis, which are snack-sized cookies, brownies and mini doughnuts, all designed to be purchased warm from heated display cases.  In our Foodservice distributor business, core branded product lines like Snacks, Cereals and Muffins grew, but that strength was offset by product line divestitures. So the net sales were down slightly. And in Bakeries our sales grew 1% in the first quarter. We are using both pricing and productivity initiatives to offset the higher input costs for this business segment. I'd also mention that we recently announced the shift for our Foodservice business to a predominantly direct sales force, although some account coverage will remain with brokers. We believe that this shift will provide us with more direct insights into our markets and our customers. So with these activities to drive top-line and margin growth, Bakeries and Foodservices is targeting double-digit operating profit growth for the year.  In our International segment, first quarter sales rose 19%, reflecting gains across all geographic regions where we compete, and segment operating profit grew 27%.  On slide 38, you see our top-line strength by region. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, Canada's net sales grew 5%, Europe was up 9%, our Asia Pacific business was also up 9% and net sales in Latin America were up 40% reflecting pricing in key markets. Foreign exchange contributed 7 points of growth bringing the reported net sales growth to 19%.  For fiscal 2008 as a whole, we expect to see continued broad-based net sales growth bolstered by our new product launches. We also anticipate that strong earnings growth will continue for the balance of the year.  Cereal Partners Worldwide, our joint venture with Nestle, posted a strong quarter with an increase of 26% in net sale. Foreign exchange contributed 7 percentage points of growth, and Uncle Tobys cereals acquired in Australia added 8 points. But organic sales growth was the biggest factor, up 11%, led by key franchises such as Fitness.  So, we have made a good start toward our key operating objectives for 2008, which we shared with you in June. Our plans call for another year of broad based growth on the top-line with contributions from unit volume gains, mix, and more net pricing than in 2007. We want to build on last year's success in the newer retail formats and in Foodservice channels. We are targeting strong sales growth and margin growth for our International businesses in 2008. We have a solid line up of cost savings projects designed to help us offset the higher input costs that we are seeing. And finally, we are targeting strong levels of investment in media and other consumer-directed marketing programs to build our brands, and fuel continued top-line growth.  So, now I'll turn you back over to Steve to wrap up our comments today. 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, as you have heard from Don and Ken, we are off to a very solid start in fiscal 2008, and we expect to achieve our full year of targets of low single-digit net sales growth, mid single-digit segment operating profit growth, and we are reaffirming our earnings per share guidance of $3.39 to $3.43 per share which would represent high single-digit growth from last year's EPS of $3.18.  Our estimates take into account continued inflation in our input costs over the year ahead. The charts you see here, covers total supply chain inflation, including raw materials, energy, wages, and benefits, and some other expenses. These costs have been marching upward for several years now, and we've assumed a further 5% cost increase in our fiscal 2008 business plan, as I said back in June. This overall number includes an estimated $250 million of inflation in ingredient and energy costs.  We worked to offset supply chain cost pressure with a combination of pricing and productivity. Our plans include price realization through a continuing list of price... through a combination, excuse me, of list price increases, reduced merchandise price discounts, reduced promotional frequency, and positive sales mix. Now, we've already taken pricing in a number of businesses during calendar 2007, including the low single-digit price increase for Big G cereals, which you've heard quite a bit about. A mid single-digit price increase for Yoplait, which we announced in July, mid single-digit pricing across our Bakeries and Foodservice business, and increases on selected SKUs across a number of other businesses that are indicated on the slide.  We are actively monitoring the need to pass on additional input costs pressures as they arrive. We'll also continue our company-wide focus on margin expansion and productivity. This is an effort that we call holistic margin management. And these initiatives include launching higher margin new items, eliminating slower turning or lower margin products. We've reduced our trade expense per case in each of the last two years, and we have a target to reduce it again in 2008, and we are simplifying our ingredient requirements and streamlining manufacturing steps to eliminate non-value-added costs. This is an ongoing focus for us, and we continue to add projects to our list of cost saving ideas.  These margin improvement initiatives allow us to increase our level of brand building investment, particularly advertising, and we are doing so in markets worldwide. We believe this consumer-directed spending drives awareness and trail for our brands and it supports growth and sales at everyday prices rather than at promotional discounts.  In 2007, we increased our consumer marketing investment by 8%, and we have plans to raise our investment level again in 2008.  So, I'd summarize 2008 and the operating outlook for General Mills this way. We are looking to deliver another year of quality sales and operating profit growth, consistent with our long-term model. Our plans include broad-based volume and net sales gains. We plan to continue funding strong levels of consumer marketing support across our brands. And we will continue to focus on holistic margin management to help us grow profits faster than sales. We are encouraged by the momentum we are seeing across our business portfolio today. And we feel we have a strong lineup of new products and marketing programs for the balance of 2008.  That concludes our prepared remarks today, and I will ask the operator to open the line for questions.  Question And Answer 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Kenneth Zaslow from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning, everyone. 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: Hey, Ken. 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, I just had a couple of quick question for you, with the recent increase in wheat and oil prices, is there any risk to the $250 million in commodity cost inflation, and would you be more inclined to take any another round of pricing? 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well Ken, this is Steve. We don't really comment on future pricing expectations, but I would say that we are watching that carefully, and it is very possible that $250 million will rise. And so if it does, we will have to... we are monitoring closely whether we need to pass those costs on, and we are also very aggressively pursuing those holistic margin management goals. So, I would say that's on our radar screen, but we are reaffirming our guidance for the full year, which reflects the fact that from what we can see now, we believe we can manage that if it occurs. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: So you can manage the higher wheat and oil prices. And then the second question just is the advisory fees in the B1 limited costs, those are one-time in nature, we are not going to see those again, just to confirm? 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct, one-time. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer [UBS]. Please proceed. 
David Palmer - UBS: Thank you. The question is on the Cereal category. And I know these are early days with Right Size, Right Price, but have you seen a measurable impact or a measurable response in terms of the retailers with regard to that, perhaps there has even been a competitor response to it... has there been one, and if not, do you expect it? Thanks. 
Kendall J. Powell - President and Chief Operating Officer: This is... good morning, David, this is Ken Powell. I would say the markets -- 
David Palmer - UBS: Hi, Ken. 
Kendall J. Powell - President and Chief Operating Officer: The Cereal market's been very calm. As you know our Right Price, Right Size conversion initiative has gone very well. I think when we talk to you a couple of weeks ago, we reported that 75% of the products that we were shipping were the new products, and I mean as of this week it's over 80%. So, it's going very, very well. It's difficult, still, to have good detailed information on some of the Nelson Diagnostics, but we believe that are baselines are improving, and that's something that we were counting on, and we are seeing some of that. So, that's very encouraging. And promotional spending in the category is very stable and consistent. 
David Palmer - UBS: Ken, just a quick follow-up on that, is there somewhat a bit of a nail biter here about the consumer repeat ultimately here, because, obviously, if you have less volume per box, the bet is that you can step up the pace of repeat on the number of boxes, and for this essentially to be a sustainable benefit. Is that's... or how concerned are you about that repeat? 
Kendall J. Powell - President and Chief Operating Officer: We are not really very concerned about that, David, we were... our big concern was just, sort of, executing the change and getting it done with all of our customers. But because we tested this idea on a number of brands prior to implementing the program, we've seen the way that consumers respond to... we've targeted... this targeted prices. And also remember that as our mix changes... as we strengthen our baseline, these are more full price boxes that we're selling and fewer of the discounted promotional boxes. So, we have... our expectation is for low single-digit growth in units, stronger, better mix and those higher prices, and we think that will all come together into a sustainable program for us. 
David Palmer - UBS: Thanks very much, Ken. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta from Merrill Lynch. Please proceed. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Eric, good morning. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Hi. Just want to follow-up on David's question with respect to the repeat purchase, and your comment that you're not too concerned. Are you seeing the low single-digit increase? I know it's early days, but are you seeing the low single-digit increase in unit shipments that you guys have been expecting in building into the plan? 
Kendall J. Powell - President and Chief Operating Officer: From what we can tell, Eric, is we're seeing those low single-digit increases. We're seeing the better base lines that we had hoped for, and so far we're very happy with what we're seeing on the Right Size, Right Price conversion. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Great. And how much of the 30... approximately, how much of the $30 million conversion costs for Right Size, Right Price were incurred in the first quarter? 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well. I think we said that maybe two-thirds of those would be incurred in the first quarter, Eric, and -- 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: It's like $17 million to $18 million. 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. So, a little more than half, and from everything I'm hearing, Eric, we're absolutely right on target with that. I think that's going to... the expense related to the conversion is going to be just about where we thought it would be. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And two more quick questions here. Yoplait, your sales in the quarter were little bit below trend, you commented on strong growth in the core cup business and the new products coming in later in the quarter and the advertising just kicking in. Do you think Yoplait is still on track for high single-digit increase for the full year in terms of net sales? 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think we'll have strong growth in Yoplait this year, Eric. We did have a quarter of 3% growth and I believe that that compared to very strong double-digit growth of 17% or 18% in the quarter a year ago. So we knew we had that tough comp and as we go into the second quarter, we really do have a very, very strong lineup of new products that we are just starting to advertise... we are just starting to advertise now, but additionally we have new advertising campaigns on our core business. This is the Pink for the Cure promotion, which is, the so called Save Lids to Save Lives is really proven to be a powerful event for us. And so we are feeling quite good about the business as we enter, go into the second quarter here. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Great. And then just a quick one for Don; you mentioned higher finished goods inventory. Could you just give me some color as to the drivers of that? Was that largely new product preparing to go into the channel or was there something else behind that? 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well. It was a combination of both new products, but also it's our seasonal build as we buy the vegetables for our Green Giant and Cascadian Farm brand. So you'll see that every year, this time of year as the crop comes in. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And it wasn't a year-over-year increase in new product and it wasn't a year-over-year increase in finished goods inventory. 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It was a year-over-year increase in finished goods. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Obviously the volume is higher as well, it was commensurate with that. And again the large increase in the quarter is easily driven by our purchase of the Vegetables frosty [ph] brand. 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you so much, and I will pass it on. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Duvick from Banc of America. Please proceed. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America: Yes. Good morning. 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: Hey, Todd. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America: I had a quick question. First of all, Don congratulations on your new appointment. 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Todd. It's good to hear from our fixed income guys. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America: Thank you. Appreciate you taken the call. I had a question, I think, Don, you mentioned that you expected the debt balance to be down at year end, and I wanted to know if you can just kind of briefly outline how we are going to get there or how you're going to get there? 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. To be clear, it's the combination, it's the combined total of debt and minority interest. So GAAP debt will be up largely because of the minority interest we repurchased this period. And if you think about the balance of the year, we are going to have $750 million in cash coming in, in October from Lehman, which will be used to pay down some of the commercial paper that we issued in the first quarter. And then we have our normal seasonal cash flow trends, which strengthen the back half of the year, as we work down the inventory that we are currently building for our key selling season. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America: Okay. All right. And then, I guess, with respect to the refinancing needs, you do have $500 million coming due in November, and I think you probably... after you get the cash and you'll probably have some availability under your credit facility. What are you looking at in terms of timing for deciding whether to tap the capital markets, and when you might come to market? 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We continue to monitor the credit market, see when the best time was. As you're aware, we had a debt issue at late August. The result of repurchasing, the B1, and also what we thought was an attractive window in the credit markets to issue a five year paper. We'll continue to monitor that as the next few months unfold. We would expect to be back in the market during the balance of F'08 to term out some of the commercial paper that we have, and as you allude to, to refinance the $500 million in maturities we have in November. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America: Okay. And then just one final question and then I will turn it over. But at the Analyst Meeting in June, you had a change in financial policy, where previously you had talked about growing into low A credit rating and then the change was basically, no, you are happy at high BBB. And I just wanted to know if you can confirm that that is still your expectation that you just want to say, keep your credit rating about where it is? 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That is correct, and our actions to end the year with lower total debt and minority interest are commensurate with that target. 
Todd Duvick - Banc of America: Right. Okay, very good, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Lehman Brothers. Please proceed. 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Good morning. 
Kendall J. Powell - President and Chief Operating Officer: Good morning, Andrew. 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Andrew. 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Just a quick one on gross margins. You noted that they expanded in the quarter, and obviously despite the onerous input cost arena, and perhaps some of the costs around the cereal conversion and such. I guess, I am just curious, on a little more detail on some of the puts and takes. I guess, is there a way to think about how much of it was, let's say price and productivity driven versus was there any significant impact let's say from, I don't know, building inventory of the new cereal box sizes, which could have impacted plant utilization in the quarter in a really positive and help gross margins but might not be as sustainable over the next three quarters? 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Andrew, this is Don. I will take that one. There wasn't any one specific thing that we would point to. We think it's a continuation of the trend that we have been seeing for the last several quarters, actually for the last couple of years. We obviously did see favorable price mixes, we saw in the sales line, which does benefit our gross margins. But there isn't one particular item that we would point to that drove the gross margins outside of the... outside the overall... continue to look at pricing as well as our holistic margin management. 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Got it. Okay, that's helpful, I appreciate it. And then one last one on... with respect to sort of consumer brand building, that's something that you have, obviously, been talking about in the last couple of quarters or more, and have been picking the pace up on that whether it's inline with or above the rate of sales growth. I know you don't look at it necessarily as, you know, overall consumer spending as a percent of sales versus your peers. It's kind of, I guess, brand-by-brand, and you build it up from the bottom up. Generally speaking is there a way to sort of say where you are or what your comfort level is, sort of corporate-wide with your levels of brand building versus where you think they need to be. In other words, is the goal, over the course of the next... whatever it is, going forward to continue to try and raise that inline with or at a greater level than sales or not? 
Kendall J. Powell - President and Chief Operating Officer: Andrew, it's Ken. We've had increases... I think this is now the... we are entering the third year where we are seeing solid increases in brand building, and so we are... we like that trend a lot. As you've heard Steve say, we are also getting some trade spending efficiencies that's allowing us to slowly reduce that trade cost per case, as... over the last several years. And we really like that combination of factors an awful lot, a steady gradual reduction in trade, nice increases in consumer spend, and we still see... we still see a number of brands where more advertising and more sampling would be better and would drive more top-line growth, so we are going to keep the focus on increasing at that high single-digit level, and I think we're... we still think there is some headroom there for us. 
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Great. Thanks very much. 
Operator: : Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe from AG Edwards. Please proceed. 
Christopher Growe - AG Edwards & Sons, Inc. : Hi, good morning. 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Chris. 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: Hi, Chris. 
Kendall J. Powell - President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi, Chris. 
Christopher Growe - AG Edwards & Sons, Inc. : Hi, guys. I just had a couple of questions for you. I just was curious, if you look at like your measure of retail sales for Big G, so what that gap was between shipments and takeaway from a retail sales standpoint? 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think what we have said previously, Chris, is sales where retail sales were 5%. 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: Our net sales -- 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our net sales... thank you, Kris... were 5%, consumer takeaway was between 2% and 3%, so there was a gap there and the vast proportion of that gap was due to the fact that we were shipping new products at the end of the quarter in advance of retail sales, and so those products are now in-store on shelf, and for most of them we have just started the advertising, and we will see the impact of those new products this quarter, so that was the gap. 
Christopher Growe - AG Edwards & Sons, Inc. : Okay. And that could be corrected a bit, it sounds like in the second quarter. 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Beg your pardon, right. 
Christopher Growe - AG Edwards & Sons, Inc. : Yes. And then just the last one, I don't want to keep going on Big G, but just one more on Big G, and that was just... if you could sort of characterize a level of promotion that occurred in the first quarter, it seemed quite heavy, although you mentioned there was some stronger baselines, I wonder if you could just, kind of, characterize your experience in the first quarter with promotion? 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our promotion was very, very comparable to the year ago quarter, Chris. In fact, if anything, it was just a very tiny ditch down. So, the levels of promotion were very, very comparable. The merchandise price points were actually a little bit higher, and so... as I said earlier in the report. That was... I would say that was very much in line with what expected, and nothing unusual on the promotional side for us. 
Christopher Growe - AG Edwards & Sons, Inc. : Okay. Okay. And I just had one more question that's... relative to the Foodservice division and you had mentioned some business that you moved away from is that just like, sort of, like an SKU rationalization, was there some sort of small divesture there, what led to the decline in sales? 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: These were sales of couple of par-baked, so these are frozen bread businesses, Chris, that we divested over the course of the year and so those are out of the comparison now. 
Christopher Growe - AG Edwards & Sons, Inc. : Okay, I got you. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens from Bear Stearns. Please proceed. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Good morning, everyone. 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Terry. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Two quick ones, Ken, just one more brief one on the Big G line. 80%, I guess, on the shelves, I know it's still kind of early days on this, but of the missing 20, is that SKUs that you want to take down in price or take up on the box size? 
Kendall J. Powell - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well the 80% number, Terry, just is a aggregate number of the percentage of products on shelf that is... that are the new SKUs, and I don't think we've given, and I'm not even sure we know, the details of which, how much is Cheerios and how much is other products, as already mentioned, it's very much meant to be an aggregate measure. My guess is that although I don't have documents, but my guess is if you were to look at that you'd see that probably Cheerios franchises are a little bit higher, and some of the other franchises might be a little bit lower, but on average its 80% right now, which is ahead of where we thought it would be at this point in time, and we expect that in a very short period of time we will be virtually concluded on this changeover. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Okay, fair enough. And just a quick question for Don... congratulations on your new job by the way. 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Terry. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Cash conversion cycle, if you look at it, I think, we're now into the fifth quarter where it's kind of moved the wrong way. Can you talk about that a little bit? I'm going to put you on the hot seat right away but -- 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would say we clearly have the focus on core working capital growing in line with sales, we held to that over the last several quarters. I can't quote directly our cash conversion, but be happy to get back to you on that, but as I alluded to you, as we look at this year, we are confident our core working capital will come inline of growth and core working capital will come in line with our growth in net sales. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Okay. And would you expect that to kind of trend down over a certain period? 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The core working capital? 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: The cash conversion. Cash conversion is more where I was interested in. 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think it's probably... if I were to ph look at it, fairly stable if our core working capital continues to trend with our sales growth. 
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi, good morning, everybody. 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: Hi, Eric. 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Eric. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: I had a few questions. I guess, one, what is the new estimate, if there is one, on your total restructuring for '08? 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: I'll jump in and answer that, we gave you guidance in June to think about that restructuring line as being comparable, so what you've seen the last couple of years, so it's somewhere between $30 million and $40 million. And when we announced the first quarter restructuring actions, we gave you an annual estimate puts it about $37 million, so it's pretty comparable. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And then second on kind of going back to input costs, I guess the one thing that was not hedgeable, you guys have obviously done a very good job of hedging on selected items, but dairy and Yoplait that hasn't been a hedgeable item, and I'm kind of wondering what are you seeing in non-fat dry powder milk and, do we have, do you have more concerned or less concerned on that item? 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'd just say, we do... this is Steve, Eric... we do take positions on dairy. We can do that. And it helps us to manage it. But it has... it's running higher than year ago by quite some amount, part of that was build into our plans, part of it's been covered with the price advance we announced in Yoplait and... I don't give specific coverage percentages on any individual commodity, but I'd say that we are watching it, and we'll cover as necessary with passing on additional prices, if that's required. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. Thanks Steve. And then I guess... when did you raise selected soup pricing, on ready-to-serve Progresso? And how much was that? 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: It was earlier in calendar '07. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: Ken, and I apologize, I can't remember the month -- 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: But certainly, benefiting us this year, nor do I remember the percentage, I am sorry. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And then the second for last question, I got to say my FAS... my FASB accounting knowledge is not great, but the last footnote that you have in the release, there is a lot of big numbers there with the adoption of FAS 48 -- 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: It's actually, FIN 48 -- 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: FIN 48. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: FIN 48. Is that have any impact on cash flow that we need to think about longer term? 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Eric, this is Don, you don't need to worry about the cash flow from FIN 48. The way I would characterize that, it's a change in the standard in terms of the threshold for uncertain tax positions, the net for us was no change on the P&L or in cash flow, but there were some re-classes in our balance sheet in large amount about $750 million that was re-classed out of other current liabilities to goodwill other liabilities and additional paid in capital, but from the cash flow standpoint it won't impact us this year. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And then my last question, I will pass it on. I guess the part of the Bakery and Foodservice divisions includes products that you might normally characterize as being more aligned with your US Retail. And as you kind of scale back the Foodservice and Bakery part of that business. I guess... is there a question that's reasonable as to whether that's properly segregated, like why shouldn't you report the C-store, and the vending branded product sales in US Retail if it's becoming a bigger and bigger percentage of that segment. Do you see what I am getting at? 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Eric, I -- 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: I don't know, maybe it isn't the big percentage at all, but I always thought it was a... it seems to be a growing percentage, if anything. 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Historically, branded items have been the largest part of our Foodservice business, and that includes items that are sold to commercial, and institutional feeding situations: colleges, and universities, and such. Convenience stores is kind of the one that's in the grey area, and the reason we classify that with Foodservices is because very increasingly the things we sell to the convenience store channel are consumed for immediate consumption, Ken, just mentioned the most recent innovation that we are introducing there, which is the warm doughnuts, brownies. These are ready-to-eat, and they are in the warmer. So people come in, and grab a cup of coffee, and grab a cup of cookies. And so this is the way we think about, the way it is organized within General Mills, the way we balance the profits. All of that is done within the context of Foodservice. And the fact that its branded really is not unusual, because most of... the better part of our Foodservice business is branded, some of it isn't, some of the dough that, and it's all branded as we sell it to the bakery operator, but that brand doesn't come all the way through to the consumer and most of the bakery business. But I think it's really just a function of how the products are used and how we organize to develop them and market them. 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: And just to quantify that a little bit, so you had $1.8 billion in sales in Bakeries and Foodservice in fiscal '07, 10% of that in convenience stores and vending. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. So it's still a pretty small percent. 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: Growing rapidly, you are right about that. But still a relatively small percent, more of the branded products flow through that much bigger distributor segment. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Can I ask one more? I apologize, but -- 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: Why not? 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: I guess, Steve, we have talked in the past about your financial targets and that we're clearly in this period of inflation, the Company has done a great job of pricing up and passing through when necessary. But I guess to what extent do the... do your long-term kind of sales targets, to what extent are they not meaningful, if there is so much pricing and/or promotional reductions, which as you know is a deduction to net sales or gross sales versus net. I mean, why shouldn't we kind of assume, in this inflationary environment, kind of, mid single-digit sales growth. Because that seems to more accurately reflect, kind of. What's going on and what could very well go on for several years if we continue to have this kind of input cost volatility? 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well. I think that's a fair question. We have been delivering mid single-digit sales growth and we continue to do so. And certainly if we have the kind of continued pricing pressure that we have seen, you could argue that you need more sales growth to hit that mid single-digit operating profit growth. But, we articulated that model, I think two or three years ago, and we've seen a couple of years of inflation since then. So, nothing is forever, I think one of thing that we want to make sure we are delivering is that high single-digit EPS growth that leads to, coupled with our dividend, over time that double-digit total shareholder return, and if the top-line part becomes a bit bigger because of persistent inflation that's... we will adapt to that, and we will modify what we articulate, if we see that continuing. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. All right, thanks for taking all the questions. Thanks you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi. Thank you. The aggregate is what matters in US Retail, and US Retail was strong in the quarter, but I was taking a look at Yogurt and here are the numbers I had: 14% sales growth in '06; 6% sales growth in '07, and then you have 3% here in the quarter. And actually, I found that the comparison versus the prior year was 8%. So, it seems like this is kind of a disappointing quarter for the Yoplait division. And then you have the rising cost environment, which is probably higher than you expected, can you... and then, so are you losing market share there? And I guess that's the bigger question. And then secondly, you use to provide consumer takeaway statistics for all your divisions and you are not showing that slide here. Can you show that to us in the future and other quarterly presentation, so we can kind of track consumption versus shipments? 
Kendall J. Powell - President and Chief Operating Officer: Rob, this is Ken. It was... we were below our trend, our longer-term trend line in the quarter, and there is no question about that, although, I will say our core business was very, very strong. And we do, we are very happy with the new products that we have just launched that we think those are going to be good... very good entries. We do have very, very strong marketing initiatives. You are coming up for the second quarter. And we think that... so we think that the performance will improve and we are targeting very good performance for the year. So there is, you are right, we were below our long-term trend in the first quarter and we want to see that improve. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. And what about, just being able to provide for all the divisions the consumer takeaway trends on a regular basis again? 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: Well, we have talked about that before and the problem is as the growth in US retail food sales is increasingly coming in non-measured channel that lining up our net sales growth in a period versus consumer takeaway in only a segment of our customer base is less and less month robust comparison. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Well. I think increased visibility is part of the reason why no stock has done better in the past year, and that the transparency is improved. And I guess we can make our own assumptions as to what's going on in alternative channels, and I will encourage it in general; just wanted to make that statement. Thank you. 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: Yes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll from Citi Investment Research. Please proceed. 
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: Good morning, David. 
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: On Big G; given the price increase and the 5% sales growth, would it be fair to conclude that Big G margins expanded in the quarter and importantly that the expansion will accelerate throughout fiscal '08 as the box rightsizing cost decline? 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: David, we don't give that kind of detail on margin, but I will tell you that with the efficiencies that we're going to derive from this Right Size, Right Price initiative, we do believe be, that that will be support margin expansion in Big G. So, Right Size, Right Price, coupled with other productivity initiatives that we have going in the division, coupled with the pricing that we've seen makes us believe that we can grow margins in that division. 
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Bigger picture on pricing; you had three points of price mix in the quarter. Do you see just that particular component staying relatively constant through '08 or do you have any guidance for us on how it will fluctuate? Hello? 
Kendall J. Powell - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, here we are. No, I would say... I'll take a shot at it. I mean this is a year, where we did know that we would again be in a challenging inflation environment and so we planned for that challenge with strong productivity. And with pricing that's a bit more aggressive this year than it was last year, and so the plan, kind of, was a function of what we foresaw. And I think it depends to a certain extent on how the COGS environment is going to fluctuate from year-to-year. If it continues at this level for another year or two, I think as Steve commented earlier there is probably going to be a little more net pricing that we have to build into the plan. 
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Ken, what I was really trying to drive at was not a question to ask you about future price increases, I know your comments on that, simply that you've given the guidance at $250 million in cost inflation. You have certainly your target for net sales on just the price mix component is just with your stated guidance as of today is the three points of price mix or something fluctuating thereabout, is that approximately correct for how you see Q2 through Q4? 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: I don't think we are going to forecast components of top-line growth, but you know you've gotten a pretty clear indication that as we put the plan together this year as well as looking to get some contribution on the top-line from volume, some from price mix, and this year there is a little bit more price in our thinking. 
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: All right. The only thing, I'd say, Kris, in the past you have talked about components of top-line growth, but I understand you don't want to give that detail. On the final question I have for you. On the input cost side, would it be fair to conclude that the stock commodities are more than 50% of that $250 million versus the energy transportation and packaging components going into raw material cost inflation. Don? 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think we cut it on the $250 million -- 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: It's mostly ingredients -- 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, mostly ingredients that is our commodity ingredient inflation factors. 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: And packaging is not the huge driver of that, we are talking egg commodities as a primary driver there. 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right. 
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: And what percent is hedged, will you give us that bit of information for the balance of the year? 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we are currently 65% to 70% covered on ingredients, and 75% to 80% covered on energy. 
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: That's fantastic. Appreciate the help. Thanks a lot, everyone. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney from Wachovia Securities. Please proceed. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Thank you. Good morning. 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: Good morning. 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Jonathan. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Just a quick one for Don, of the 300 basis points of price mix across the company can you give us a sense of how much of that was price, and how much of that was mix, total net pricing? 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: I am sorry, say that one again. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: How much of the 300 basis points of price mix across the company, you disclosed in the slide there, how much was actual net pricing and how of that was mix, roughly? 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: I don't have that detail. 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Jonathan, there is obviously a number of actions we take to drive price mix including new products, as well as the price increases that we -- 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Sure. 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: These details, we don't breakout the 3%, that will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter whether it's price or whether it's mix. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Okay, fair enough. When you talk about 7% and 9% targeted consumer brand building, and I think that's comparable with the 11% you talked about this quarter. I guess, if that's the case, were you spending more this quarter because results were clearly coming in ahead, or was this sort of a planned front-end loading of that kind of brand building spending on the fiscal year? 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You know, it was planned spending across selected businesses, and so it was a little higher than our goal for the year. It will continue strong as we go into the second quarter, as we bring and begin to support new products, and so, you know, the first quarter was a little bit higher, but I think the important thing is that for the year we are thinking it will be 8% or 9% in total, which is a very healthy level of increase for that US Retail business. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Thanks. And just finally when you think about the media spend, you talked about different places you have some nice increases... one of the things you talked about back in January that I thought was interesting is how you maybe emphasizing some of the core products with that media spend or maybe in the past a little bit more, you'd expect this proportionally against new products. Could you tell us how do you think about that and are there, when you look at this, the strong performance in like Baking Mixes and Pillsbury USA, some areas where there hasn't been so stronger performances consistently over the past three years, is that what we are saying, is that responding to your increased media spend against those sort of core product? 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you for that question which is... you make a good point and we do... we are seeing that increasing media and increasing marketing activity against these core businesses are driving baselines for us. And so we are paying very, very close attention to that, as we talked about our Yoplait business, for example, we have very strong media support for our core cup lines, and that will... has driven, and will continue to drive growth there, and then bringing in the new products, and bringing incremental media support to those products, and I think that's the combination that can really drive growth, but we are as you say very focused on making sure we've got the right levels of support on those core businesses. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic from JP Morgan. Please proceed. 
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for taking everyone's question. One question here in terms of the resizing strategy. I understand as I went through your profit margins in the year ahead, but can you give us some color regarding the first quarter where resizing was a drive on margins, i.e., without resizing will operating margins in the retail division have been up, is there a way to estimate that? 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well I think, Pablo, we have already said that that we have a significant one-time cost associated with the conversion of $30 million, and of which $18 million or $19 million of it was hit the first quarter, and so there was a one-time impact and one-time cost associated with the conversion. However, over time those new boxes and new cases will be more efficient for us, and they will generate some margin improvement for us over time. 
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Now related to that can you give us a sense of whether prices at the retail level, whether they are where you wanted them to be, I mean, you have said that 80% of sales of the nearest SKUs, but are prices on those SKUs where you want them to be and just any metrics there would help? 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We have... we did complete an audit a few weeks ago, which we... and we presented the information from that to you, and we are very close to our targeted price points, Pablo. We are within... we are within a few cents as of that audit, and so the prices have come down in line with what we were planning for, it is probably a few cents to go there $0.02 or $0.03 or $0.04, but we are very, very close to where we wanted to be, and that reflection, price reflection has gone very, very well. 
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: And just to follow-up, I mean, those costs that you are talking about, those $30 million, are they going to be booked... are they being booked on the gross margin line or some of that is on the SG&A line. I am just trying to understand the quarter in terms of gross margins and SG&A trends? 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's a mix, Pablo, between gross margin and SG&A. 
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Okay. And just one last one, in terms of... when I think of brand building clearly you're increasing brand building, but can you benchmark yourself against other companies, I mean is this something where you're actually playing catch-up or are you already ahead of your peers and you are extending that lead, just help us put this number in context or if you could give us what percentage is brand building as a percentage of sales that would also help, but some color there would help? 
Stephen W. Sanger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Pablo, it's very difficult to benchmark to other companies because their mix of business is different, and so I think each company has a different portfolio of products and the way they work. So, we're focusing on what we're doing, and where we see our own opportunities internally, and the fact is that we see continuing opportunities to invest in brands, to increase advertising support, to add sampling... there just seems to be lots of opportunities for us to expand the penetration of our branded portfolio. So, we're testing our way into these things, we're adding support where we learnt and know that it will really work, and get us a return, and taking a disciplined approach to it, and... but with the belief that higher levels of brand building will drive baseline, and those are the profitable sales, and the most profitable sales. And so we are... that's how we're approaching this. And the comparison to other companies, I think, can be difficult. 
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Okay. Don, and if I may, just one, very last one. Next quarter when you sell those shares back to Lehman at $54, I think $54.24 I calculated the one-time loss is going to be above $50 million, granted it's a one-time item, but how are you going to factor that? Is that going to be another charge or it's clearly no part of that $37 million in guidance on the restructuring costs -- 
Donal L. Mulligan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Pablo, there is no P&L impact to transaction we have with Lehman; it will all be captured in the balance sheet. We'll issue shares out of treasuries, and we will collect cash. So, what you'll see is a debit to our cash and a credit to treasury shares and additional paid in capital. So, you won't see any impact on our P&L. 
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: All right. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Thank you very much, everyone, but my questions have been answered. 
Kris Wenker - Vice President of Investor Relations: Okay. I think we are kind of passed our time here, so maybe I'll cut it off at this point and people that have follow-ups, please give me a shout and we can help you some more. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your lines.  Have a great day everybody.
